--- Page 1 ---
10244042842-v58
- i -
47-41044778
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
acting through its Turin head office or its Sydney branch as Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A., as Guarantor (where indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
and 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland under registered number 125216) 
as Issuer 
and 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a credit institution and registered with the register of trade and 
companies of Luxembourg under number B13859) 
as Issuer 
€70,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €70,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. acting through its Turin head office or its Sydney branch (the "Sydney Branch") ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Bank"), Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland p.l.c. ("INSPIRE") and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa Luxembourg") (together, the "Issuers" and, each of them, an 
"Issuer") may issue notes ("Notes") on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers named on page 1 and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall be, in the 
case of an issue of Notes to more than one Dealer, to the lead manager of such issue and, in the case of an issue of Notes to one Dealer, to such Dealer. 
The Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo may be governed by English law (the "English Law Notes") or by Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" and together 
with the English Law Notes, the "Notes"). In the case of INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg, all notes issued shall be English Law Notes. 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuers may issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer. The minimum denomination of 
all Notes issued under the Programme shall be €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€70,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" (the "Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes") or "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes" and, together with the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche 
called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus" below. 
The English Law Notes will be constituted by an amended and restated trust deed dated 22 December 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Trust Deed") between the Issuers and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee"). In respect of the Italian Law 
Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of an agency agreement dated 
22 December 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes"). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg ("Guaranteed Notes") will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo pursuant to the Trust Deed and the relevant Deed of Guarantee (as defined herein). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors" below. 
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Notes to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly 
to purchasers. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority 
in Luxembourg as a base prospectus under article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Application has been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II"). Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as securities 
and money market instruments in accordance with article 17(1) of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the "Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law") may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") unless: (i) a 
simplified prospectus (prospectus allégé) has been duly approved by the CSSF pursuant to part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law; or (ii) the offer 
benefits from an exemption to or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the requirement to publish a simplified prospectus under part III of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law and any additional requirements under part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law are complied with. The CSSF will grant 
approval on this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers. As referred to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, by 
approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or 
financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the issuers, and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. In addition, pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers have 
requested the CSSF to issue a certificate of approval of this Base Prospectus, together with a copy of this Base Prospectus, to the Central Bank of Ireland 
in its capacity as competent authority in Ireland. Potential investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This 
Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval, and its expiry date is 22 December 2023. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuers shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
The Programme also allows for Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be rated or unrated. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
a relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit

--- Page 2 ---
10244042842-v58
- ii -
47-41044778
 
rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (the "UK") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) is obliged to maintain on its website, https://register.fca.org.uk, a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, CMS or such other 
reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI", as 
administrator of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus SARON is provided by SIX Swiss Exchange AG and is endorsed for use in the European Union by 
SIX Financial Information Nordic AB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIX Financial Information Nordic AB appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
none of ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR")), or the Bank of England (as administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA")), or the European Central 
Bank (as administrator of €STR)) appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware, (i) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply 
to ICE Benchmark Administration, such that this administrator is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) (ii) the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve of New York do not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Inflation-Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI, HICP and RPI (each as defined below). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrators of CPI, HICP and RPI are not included on ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as each Issuer is aware, CPI, HICP and RPI do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation. No Notes linked to an underlying index composed by the Issuers or the Group will be issued under this Programme. 
Joint Arrangers 
Deutsche Bank 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Crédit Agricole CIB
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P Morgan S.E 
Morgan Stanley
Natixis
NatWest Markets
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UBS Investment Bank
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10244042842-v58 
- iii -
47-41044778 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Any person (an "Investor") intending to acquire or acquiring any securities from any person (an "Offeror") 
should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, the 
relevant Issuer may be responsible to the Investor for the Base Prospectus only if the relevant Issuer is 
acting in association with that Offeror to make the offer to the Investor. Each Investor should therefore 
verify with the Offeror whether or not the Offeror is acting in association with the relevant Issuer. If the 
Offeror is not acting in association with the relevant Issuer, the Investor should check with the Offeror 
whether anyone is responsible for the Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in the context of the offer to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
seek legal advice. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg accept responsibility for the information contained 
herein. To the best of the knowledge of each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg, having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this document is in 
accordance with the facts and this document does not omit anything likely to affect the importance of such 
information. 
The previous paragraph should be read in conjunction with paragraph two above. Subject to the provision 
of each applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with 
the issue of any Tranche of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES FROM AN OFFEROR 
WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF THE NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY AN OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN 
PLACE BETWEEN SUCH OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE RELEVANT ISSUER WILL NOT BE 
A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH INVESTORS (OTHER THAN THE DEALERS) 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT ISSUER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY TO 
AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto along with any 
other information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Information 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg have confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus 
(including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the context of 
the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that 
any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading 
in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make 
such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to disclose any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not

--- Page 4 ---
10244042842-v58 
- iv -
47-41044778 
 
be relied upon as having been authorised by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg, the Trustee or 
any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and 
none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa 
Luxembourg and Intesa Sanpaolo's other consolidated subsidiaries (the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" or the 
"Group") since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or make any representation or 
warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of 
proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds. In addition none of the Dealers have conducted any due diligence on 
the Issuers' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below). 
The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is 
not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party 
Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Dealers nor the relevant Issuer as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) made available in 
connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes 
and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the 
Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second 
Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein. The Issuers' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may also be subject to 
review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to 
time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
 The Issuers' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Any persons into whose possession of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa 
Luxembourg and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". In particular, neither the Notes nor the guarantee thereof have been or will be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are both subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and neither should they be considered as a recommendation by Intesa Sanpaolo,

--- Page 5 ---
10244042842-v58 
- v -
47-41044778 
 
INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg, the Trustee, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg and the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €70,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent that limb (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly 
any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of Notes which are the 
subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuers or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or 
(ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State or, if applicable, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which 
specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuers have consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent limb (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuers 
nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for 
such offer. 
Renminbi is currently not freely convertible and the conversion of Renminbi through banks outside the 
PRC is subject to certain restrictions. Investors should be reminded of the conversion risk with 
Renminbi-denominated 
products. 
In 
addition, 
there 
is 
a 
liquidity 
risk 
associated 
with 
Renminbi-denominated products, particularly if such investments do not have an active secondary market 
and their prices have large bid/offer spreads. Renminbi-denominated products are denominated and settled 
in Renminbi available outside the PRC, which represents a market which is different from that of Renminbi 
available in the PRC. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "U.S.$" or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to "STG" 
or "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "EUR", "euro", "euros" or "€" are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, 
as amended, references to "Renminbi" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) (the "PRC") and 
references to "S$" are to the lawful currency of Singapore. References to a "regulated market" have the 
meaning given to that expression by Article 14 of MiFID II. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Under present Australian law, interest and other amounts paid on the Notes by the relevant Issuer will not 
be subject to Australian interest withholding tax if the Notes issued out of a branch or other permanent 
establishment of the Bank in Australia are issued in accordance with certain prescribed conditions set out 
in section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 of Australia.  One of these conditions is that the 
relevant Issuer must not know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, that a Note, or an interest in a Note,

--- Page 6 ---
10244042842-v58 
- vi -
47-41044778 
 
was being, or would later be, acquired directly or indirectly by an Offshore Associate (as defined in 
"Australian Taxation") of the relevant Issuer, other than in the capacity of a dealer, manager, or 
underwriter in relation to the placement of the relevant Notes, or a clearing house, custodian, funds manager 
or responsible entity of a registered scheme.  Accordingly, the Notes must not be acquired by an Offshore 
Associate of the relevant Issuer.  For these purposes, an Offshore Associate of the relevant Issuer is defined 
broadly and may include, but is not limited to, any entity that is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
by the Issuer.  Any investor who believes that it may be affiliated with or related to any of the above-
mentioned entities or who otherwise believes it may be an Offshore Associate of the relevant Issuer, should 
make appropriate enquiries before investing in any Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target

--- Page 7 ---
10244042842-v58 
- vii -
47-41044778 
 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309(B)(1) of the SFA. 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant 
persons" (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding 
markets and market share of the Issuers or the Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal data 
or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources for the rating information set out 
in the sections headed Ratings of this Base Prospectus are the following rating agencies: Moody's Investors 
Service España, S.A., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and DBRS 
Rating GmbH (each as defined below). In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been 
extracted from a third party, the Issuers confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the 
Issuers believe that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuers have not independently verified the 
information provided by such sources. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may, outside of Australia and on a financial market operated outside of 
Australia, over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the surviving entity from the merger between Banca Intesa S.p.A. and Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A., which was completed with effect from 1 January 2007. Pursuant to the merger, Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
merged by incorporation into Banca Intesa S.p.A. which, upon completion of the merger, changed its name 
to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Accordingly, in this Base Prospectus: 
 
references to "Intesa Sanpaolo" are to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. in respect of the period since 1 
January 2007 and references to the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" are to Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; 
 
references to "Banca Intesa" or "Intesa" are to Banca Intesa S.p.A. in respect of the period prior 
to 1 January 2007 and references to the "Banca Intesa Group" are to Banca Intesa and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; and

--- Page 8 ---
10244042842-v58 
- viii -
47-41044778 
 
 
references to "Sanpaolo IMI" are to Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. in respect of the period prior to 1 January 
2007 and references to "Sanpaolo IMI Group" are to Sanpaolo IMI and its subsidiaries in respect 
of the same period. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 9 ---
10244042842-v58
- ix -
47-41044778
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 47 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS ............................................................................. 53 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 54 
MONTE TITOLI NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ........................................................... 60 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES .......................................................... 126 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............ 186 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 188 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 211 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO S.P.A. ................................................................................. 212 
REGULATORY SECTION ..................................................................................................................... 253 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP ........ 275 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 278 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 279 
INTESA SANPAOLO CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 ................................................................................................................ 280 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. ................................................... 284 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO INTESA SANPAOLO BANK 
IRELAND P.L.C. ..................................................................................................................................... 286 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. ANNUAL BALANCE SHEETS ............................... 287 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENTS ...................... 288 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEETS.................... 289 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND p.l.c. HALF YEARLY INCOME STATEMENTS .............. 290 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A ............................................ 291 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT 
OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 .................................................................................... 295 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT 
OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 .................................................................................... 296 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021 ......................... 297 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021 ......................... 298 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 .......................................................................................... 299 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 .......................................................................................... 300 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 301 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 302 
OVERVIEW OF THE SYDNEY BRANCH ........................................................................................... 303

--- Page 10 ---
10244042842-v58
- x -
47-41044778
 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 306 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS RELATING TO RENMINBI .............................................................. 337 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 338 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 345 
ANNEX 1 FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION-LINKED NOTES .................... 350

--- Page 11 ---
10244042842-v58
- 1 -
47-41044778
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) and must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole, including any information incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" 
shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes. 
Issuers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., a company limited by shares (società per azioni), 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, (i) acting through its 
registered office at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin, Italy and 
registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration 
number 00799960158 or (ii) acting through its Sydney Branch having its 
registered office at Suite 2, Level 62, MLC Centre, 19 Martin Place, 
Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia and registered with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission under Australian Business 
Number (ABN) 46156153829, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c., a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Republic of Ireland, having its registered 
office at 2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC, 
Dublin 1, D01 K8F1, Ireland and with the registration number 125216. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A., a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme), incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg as a credit institution, having its registered office 
at 28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies 
of Luxembourg under registration number B. 13.859. 
Issuers' Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
635400PSMCTBZD9XNS47 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. 
549300H62SNDRT0PS319 
Guarantor: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg). 
Joint Arrangers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Bank 
(Europe) 
S.A., 
Credit 
Suisse 
International, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental 
Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, Natixis, Société Générale, NatWest Markets N.V., UBS 
AG London Branch, UBS Europe SE and any other Dealer appointed 
from time to time by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg

--- Page 12 ---
10244042842-v58
- 2 -
47-41044778
 
 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Trustee (for the English 
Law Notes): 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent: 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
This document has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the Trustee, with notification to the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF may at the 
request of any Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) 
a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation 
Certificate"). At the date hereof the Issuers have requested the CSSF to 
send an Attestation Certificate and copy of this Base Prospectus to the 
Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity as competent authority in Ireland. 
The CSSF shall notify ESMA about the Attestation Certificate at the same 
time as such notification is made to the Central Bank of Ireland. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable 
in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be 
delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") 
and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Initial Programme 
Amount: 
Up to €70,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed (if applicable) at 
any one time. The Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue price and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of

--- Page 13 ---
10244042842-v58
- 3 -
47-41044778
 
 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of 
different denominations. See also "Taxation–Italian Taxation–Fungible 
issues". 
Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (ii) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes will be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Bearer Notes 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether each Global Note is to be issued in New Global Note or 
Classic Global Note form (as each such term is defined in the section 
entitled "Forms of the Notes" below). Each Global Note in bearer form (a 
"Bearer Global Note") which is intended to be issued in Classic Global 
Note form will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Bearer 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in New Global Note form will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary 
Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for 
further Coupons. 
 
Registered Notes 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by individual 
certificates ("Individual Note Certificates") or one or more Global Notes 
in registered form ("Global Registered Notes"), in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Note represented by Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the 
case of a Global Registered Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (as such term is defined in the section entitled 
"Forms of the Notes" below), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Global Registered Note to

--- Page 14 ---
10244042842-v58
- 4 -
47-41044778
 
 
be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
With respect to the Registered Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE 
and/or Intesa Luxembourg, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will keep a 
register of the holders of the Registered Notes at its offices in 28 
Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
With respect to the Registered Notes issued by INSPIRE, INSPIRE will 
keep an INSPIRE Duplicate Register at its registered office in accordance 
with Condition 3(e) (Title to Registered Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes. 
 
Monte Titoli Notes 
 
Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having Monte 
Titoli as a clearing system ("Monte Titoli Notes") will be held on behalf 
of the beneficial owners thereof, from their date of issue until their 
redemption, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
account holders. The expression "Monte Titoli account holder" means 
any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli and includes any financial 
intermediary appointed by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for the account of participants in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Guarantee of the English 
Law Notes: 
Under the Trust Deed, if the English Law Notes are issued from time to 
time by Intesa Luxembourg and/or INSPIRE, as stated in the relevant 
Final Terms, Intesa Sanpaolo shall enter into a Deed of Guarantee under 
which payment of all amounts due from time to time in respect of such 
Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg shall have the benefit 
of such Deed of Guarantee. Each Deed of Guarantee is in favour of the 
Trustee only as trustee for the holders of the Notes (as defined in the 
relevant Deed of Guarantee) which shall have the benefit of the Deed of 
Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent guarantee 
relating to other issues under the Programme (unless expressly so 
provided in any such subsequent guarantee). 
According to the Trust Deed, under each Deed of Guarantee the 
Guarantor shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee to the Trustee 
the due and punctual payment of all sums expressed to be payable by 
INSPIRE and/or Intesa Luxembourg in respect of the relevant Notes or 
Coupons under the Trust Deed, as and when the same becomes due and 
payable, whether at maturity, upon early redemption, upon acceleration 
or otherwise, according to the terms of the Trust Deed and the relevant 
Notes and Coupons. In case of the failure of the relevant Issuer to pay any 
such sum as and when the same shall become due and payable, the 
Guarantor shall cause such payment to be made as and when the same 
becomes due and payable, whether at maturity, upon early redemption, 
upon acceleration or otherwise, as if the payment were made by the 
relevant Issuer. Any such payment made by the Guarantor will discharge 
the relevant Issuer of the obligation to pay such sum. 
Under each Deed of Guarantee the Guarantor shall covenant in favour of 
the Trustee that it will duly perform and comply with the obligations 
expressed to be undertaken by it in the terms and conditions of the English 
Law Notes issued by INSPIRE and/or Intesa Luxembourg. See also " –

--- Page 15 ---
10244042842-v58
- 5 -
47-41044778
 
 
Status of Guarantee of the English Law Notes" and " – Governing Law of 
the English Law Notes and the Guarantee". 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be made 
in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either on a senior basis ("Senior Preferred Notes") 
or, in the case of Intesa Sanpaolo only, on a senior non-preferred basis 
("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") or on a subordinated basis 
("Subordinated Notes") as described herein. 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
The status of the Senior Preferred Notes is described in Condition 4(a) 
(Status of the Notes - Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(a) (Status – of the 
Notes Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo may be issued as Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes as described in Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 4(b) (Status of the Notes – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes. 
Subordinated Notes: 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo may be issued as Subordinated Notes as 
described in Condition 4(c) (Status of the Notes - Subordinated Notes 
issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status of the Notes - Subordinated Notes 
issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes. 
Status of Guarantee of 
the English Law Notes: 
The Guarantee given by Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of English Law Notes 
issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, upon the entering into of a 
deed of guarantee in the form set out in the Trust Deed, is described in 
Condition 6 (Status of the Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current 
laws, regulations, directives and/or the Circular No. 285 applicable to the 
issue of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years (or, if issued for an indefinite duration, redemption 
of such Notes may only occur five years after their date of issue). 
Where Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg have a maturity of less than 
one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by Intesa 
Luxembourg in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the 
Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by Intesa 
Luxembourg in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is

--- Page 16 ---
10244042842-v58
- 6 -
47-41044778
 
 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by Intesa 
Luxembourg. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation, early redemption or repayment 
(where, as applicable, the Notes will redeemed at their Redemption 
Amount (as defined in the Conditions), Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Notes may also be redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates 
and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall be subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, 
to the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR. 
Under CRR, the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to 
the following conditions: (i) the Issuers have obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78 of the 
CRR; (ii) in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior 
to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes, compliance with the conditions set out Article 78(4) of the CRR 
or the Capital Instruments Regulation. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Maturities" 
above. 
Redemption for 
Indexation Reasons: 
Inflation linked interest notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no appropriate alternative index in relation to 
Inflation-Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders, the Issuers shall 
redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation-
Linked Notes, each Inflation-Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, 
as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior consent of 
the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the circumstances 
described in "Redemption" above. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders or, as the case may be, the relevant Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any 
such redemption shall be subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the circumstances described in 
"Redemption" above. 
Regulatory Call: 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Subordinated Notes 
may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of Intesa

--- Page 17 ---
10244042842-v58
- 7 -
47-41044778
 
 
Sanpaolo if any change in Italian Law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof, such 
Subordinated Notes are excluded in whole or, to the extent permitted by 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from regulatory treatment as 
Tier 2 Capital. Such optional redemption may only be at the option of 
Intesa Sanpaolo and is subject to any necessary prior consent thereto 
having been obtained from the Relevant Authority. 
MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event applies, Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of Intesa Sanpaolo if the relevant Issuer 
determines that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing. Any such redemption shall be subject to the circumstances 
described in "Redemption" above. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" and "Regulatory Call" 
above, early redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the circumstances described in 
"Redemption" above. 
Clean-up Redemption 
Option:  
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the extent (if at 
all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance 
of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming 
a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have 
been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer and 
cancelled. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior consent of 
the Relevant Authority. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a variable rate or, in the 
case of Inflation-Linked Notes, be linked to an index (as described in 
Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 7 ( Inflation-Linked Note) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes), and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
If the relevant Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
the Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference 
Rate (as defined in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a 
material change of a Reference Rate if applicable), the relevant Issuer 
shall notify the Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders of the occurrence of such Benchmark Event and shall use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as further described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and in Condition 6(j) 
(Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, (see "Maturities"

--- Page 18 ---
10244042842-v58
- 8 -
47-41044778
 
 
above) and save that, subject to minimum denominations of Notes to be 
issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg as described below, the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area will be €100,000 and, in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, €150,000 (or, where the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and in the 
case of Subordinated Notes €200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time.  
 
So long as the clearing systems so permit, Notes may in certain 
circumstances and subject to any minimum denomination applicable to 
Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg be issued in 
denominations representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) plus (ii) integral multiples 
of another smaller amount, and such Notes may be traded in amounts 
which, although greater than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In 
such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
a principal amount of less than €100,000 will not receive a definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (if definitive Notes are printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal 
to one or more Specified Denominations. 
 
Notes which are issued or to be issued by INSPIRE (i) which are not listed 
on a stock exchange and do not mature within two years of the date of 
issue must have a minimum denomination of €500,000 or its equivalent, 
and (ii) which are not listed on a stock exchange and mature within two 
years of the date of issue if denominated in euro must have a minimum 
denomination of €500,000, if denominated in U.S. dollars must have a 
minimum denomination of U.S. $500,000 or if denominated in a currency 
other than euro or U.S. dollars must have a minimum denomination 
equivalent to €500,000 at the date the Programme is first publicised. In 
every case (including the foregoing), subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or tax and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes issued under this Programme prior to 13 October 
2005, have the benefit of a negative pledge provision in the following 
terms: 
 
"The Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor will not, so long as any 
of the Notes remains outstanding, create or permit to subsist (other than 
by operation by law) any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of 
its undertakings, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any 
External Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any 
External Indebtedness unless: 
 
(a) 
the same Security Interest shall forthwith be extended equally 
and rateably to the Notes to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
 
(b) 
such other Security Interest is provided as the Trustee shall in its 
absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the

--- Page 19 ---
10244042842-v58
- 9 -
47-41044778
 
 
interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
 
provided that nothing in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor from: 
 
(i) 
creating or permitting to subsist (a) any Security Interest upon, 
or with respect to, any of its present or future assets or revenues 
or any part thereof which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation, asset backed financing or like arrangement and 
whereby all payment obligations in respect of the External 
Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of the 
External Indebtedness, as the case may be, secured by such 
Security Interest or having the benefit of such secured guarantee 
or other indemnity, are to be discharged solely from such asset 
or revenues; or 
 
(ii) 
permitting to subsist any Security Interest upon or with respect 
to any assets or revenues which are acquired by the Issuer or 
(where applicable) the Guarantor subsequent to the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Notes as a consequence of the 
merger of any entity into or with the Issuer or (where applicable) 
the Guarantor and which Security Interest is in existence at the 
time of such acquisition provided that such Security Interest was 
not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such merger 
and the principal amount secured at the time of such acquisition 
is not subsequently increased." 
 
As used herein: 
 
"External Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness for 
borrowed money in the form of, or represented by bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan capital, certificates of deposit, loan stock or other like 
instruments or securities (a) which is or are intended to be quoted, listed 
or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, automated trading 
system, over-the-counter or other established securities market (for which 
purpose any such indebtedness shall not be regarded as intended to be so 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded if the terms of issue thereof 
expressly provide to the contrary), (b) which by its terms is payable, or 
may be required to be paid, three years or more from the date of issue and 
(c) more than 60 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of which is 
initially distributed by or with the authorisation of the issuer thereof 
outside the Republic of Italy; and 
 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest." 
 
Outstanding Senior Preferred Notes issued prior to 13 October 2005 will 
continue to benefit from such negative pledge provision up to maturity, 
as will Senior Preferred Notes issued after 13 October 2005 which are to 
be consolidated with and form a single series with Senior Preferred Notes 
issued prior to that date. Otherwise, Senior Preferred Notes issued after 
13 October 2005 will not have the benefit of this provision. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes or made under 
the Guarantee of the Notes by the relevant Issuer, in case of payments 
under the Notes, or the Guarantor, in case of payments under the 
Guarantee, will be made free and clear of withholding taxes in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant Issuer or Guarantor, as the 
case may be, unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be will (subject as provided

--- Page 20 ---
10244042842-v58
- 10 -
47-41044778
 
 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 11 (Taxation) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the relevant Issuer 
shall not be liable in certain circumstances to pay any additional amounts 
to holders of the Notes with respect to any payment, withholding or 
deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
on account of substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva, as defined therein) in 
relation to interest payable in respect of any Notes. 
 
In addition, Notes are subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per 
cent. per annum in respect of interest and premium (if any) on Notes that 
qualify as atypical securities (pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended). Intesa Sanpaolo will not be liable to pay 
any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such 
withholding, as more fully specified in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 11 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. If so, the wording of the redenomination clause 
will be set out in full in the applicable Final Terms. 
Modification or 
Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes, 
(i) in the case of the English Law Notes, substitute new notes for the 
Subordinated Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the 
Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as fully 
specified in Condition 17(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or (ii) in the case of the Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes, as fully specified in Condition 16(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Modification or 
Substitution of Senior 
Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) in the case of the English Law 
Notes, substitute new notes for the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as fully specified 
in Condition 17(h) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (ii) in the case of the Italian Law Notes, or vary the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as fully specified in 
Condition 16(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Governing Law of the 
English Law Notes and 
the Guarantee: 
The Trust Deed and the rights and obligations in respect of the English 
Law Notes and the Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the status 
provisions applicable to the English Law Notes and the contractual 
recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions, shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law, Irish law or 
Luxembourgish law, as applicable.

--- Page 21 ---
10244042842-v58
- 11 -
47-41044778
 
 
Each Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with it are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended from 
time to time (the "Luxembourg Company Law") shall not apply. 
Governing Law of the 
Italian Law Notes: 
The Notes and the Coupons and any non contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Italian Law Notes and the Coupons, will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Ratings: 
 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including the Republic of Italy, Ireland, 
France and Luxembourg), the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, the People's 
Republic of China, Singapore, Japan and Australia see "Subscription and 
Sale" below.
Sale of Notes by Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A.: 
Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Notes to or through one or more 
underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to 
purchasers.

--- Page 22 ---
10244042842-v58
- 12 -
47-41044778
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following risk factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these risk factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and the Issuers are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers believe that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuers based on information currently available to them or which they may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuers that are not 
currently known to the Issuers, or that the Issuers currently deem immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the Issuers. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" 
shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuers 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain a 
better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Notes 
issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuers deem that the following risk factors could 
affect the ability of the same to satisfy their obligations arising from the Notes. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
Risks related to legal proceedings; 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on the 
solution of banking crises; and 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles. 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2022, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted to 
approximately €80 billion including the insurance business and to approximately €31 billion excluding the 
insurance business. It compared to approximately €88 billion including the insurance business and to 
approximately €31 billion excluding the insurance business as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 23 ---
10244042842-v58
- 13 -
47-41044778
 
 
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating downgrading 
or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the assets, the economic 
and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and certain 
major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2021, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted 
to approximately €88 billion (8.3% of the total assets of the Group) including the insurance business and 
to approximately €31 billion (2.9% of the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to 
which should be added approximately €9 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments 
in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, Italy included, corresponded to €126 billion (11.7% of 
the total assets of the Group) including the insurance business and to approximately €57 billion (5.3% of 
the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately 
€11 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central banks and 
other public entities represented 45% of the total financial assets (59% excluding the insurance business). 
As at 31 December 2020, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by Italy amounted 
to approximately €90 billion (9% of the total assets of the Group) including the insurance business and to 
approximately €35 billion (3.5% of the total assets of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which 
should be added approximately €10 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the investments in 
sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, Italy included, corresponded to €123 billion (12.2% of 
the total assets of the Group) including the insurance business and to €62 billion (6.2% of the total assets 
of the Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately €12 billion 
represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central banks and other public 
entities represented 46.2% of the total financial assets (61,8% excluding the insurance business). 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 30 June 2022, there were a total of about 40,600 disputes, other than tax disputes, pending at Group 
level (excluding those involving Risanamento S.p.A, which is not subject to management and coordination 
by Intesa Sanpaolo) with a total remedy 43 sought of around 3,830 million euro. This amount includes all 
outstanding disputes, for which the risk of a disbursement of financial resources resulting from a potential 
negative outcome has been deemed possible or probable and therefore does not include disputes for which 
risk has been deemed remote. The risks associated with these disputes are thoroughly and individually 
analysed by the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies. Specific and appropriate provisions have 
been made to the allowances for risks and charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated 
probability of a disbursement of more than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement may be reliably 
estimated (disputes with likely risk). Without prejudice to the uncertainty inherent in all litigation, the 
estimate of the obligations that could arise from the disputes and hence the amount of any provisions 
recognised are based on the forward-looking assessments of the outcome of the trial. These forward-
looking assessments are, in any event, prepared on the basis of all information available at the time of the 
estimate. The disputes with likely risk amount to around 31,900 with a remedy sought of 1,984 million euro 
and provisions of 800 million euro. The component referring to the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo totals 
around 5,490 disputes, with a remedy sought of 1,627 million euro and provisions of 611 million euro. 
There were around 830 disputes relating to other Italian subsidiaries, with a remedy sought of 252 million 
euro and provisions of 94 million euro, while there were around 25,600 relating to international 
subsidiaries, with a remedy sought of 105 million euro and provisions of 95 million euro. 
The risk arising from legal proceedings consists of the possibility of the Bank being obliged to pay any sum 
in case of unfavourable outcome. 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or compensation 
for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and financial activity carried 
out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes please refer to the section entitled " Description of 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. – Legal Proceedings" of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes 
information concerning the disputes on the marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds 
issued by Banca Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto Banca, which filed against respectively Banca Nuova and 
Banca Apulia (both subsequently merged by incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo).

--- Page 24 ---
10244042842-v58
- 14 -
47-41044778
 
 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic - 
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Group to suffer losses, increases of financing costs, and 
reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potential negative impact on the liquidity of the Bank 
and/or the Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Group are affected by the general, national and economic situation of the 
Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth prospects of the economy of 
other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Group are affected by the trends 
of certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-term and 
long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, availability and cost of capital, 
sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer spending, unemployment levels, 
business profitability and capital spending, inflation and housing prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in relation 
to: (a) the outbreak of COVID-19, which caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 and may 
contribute to further economic downturns in the near future, in addition to more persistent effects on default 
rates and unemployment rates; (b) the future developments of ECB monetary policies in the Euro area and 
of the FED in the dollar area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, on the financial 
markets; (d) the risk that in the future holders of Italian government debt lose confidence in the credit 
standing of Republic of Italy, owing to political developments or changes in budgetary policies affecting 
the sustainability of government debt; (e) the risk of energy supply distruptions and their effects on 
economic activity and prices. 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes in the 
relationship of the UK with the EU may affect the business of the Bank. On 29 March 2017, the UK invoked 
Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially notified the EU of its decision to withdraw 
from the EU. On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the EU and the transition period ended on 31 
December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under 
it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which 
governs relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which had 
provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021. 
The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border 
provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuers and the Group is difficult to determine. As such, no 
assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary 
market. 
Credit risk 
We would like to remark that, as of 30 September 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL ratio (based 
on EBA metrics) of 1.9%. On 31 December 2021, the same data corresponded to 2.4%, compared to 3.6% 
recorded on 31 December 2020 well below the threshold which identify banks in Member States across the 
Euro area with high levels of non-performing loans. In this regard the credit institutions which recorded a 
gross NPL ratio higher than 5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non-
performing and forborne exposures" of EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the 
management of such exposures.

--- Page 25 ---
10244042842-v58
- 15 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2021, in the first nine months of 
2022 and the improvement of the Gross NPL ratio well below the 5% threshold, Intesa Sanpaolo deems 
that the risk related to credit quality is of low relevance. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's creditworthiness. 
The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the clients' breach of the 
agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of information or incorrect 
information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit position, could have negative effects 
on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio 
towards counterparties, groups of connected counterparties and counterparties of the same economic sector, 
which perform the same activity or belong to the same geographic area, could increase the Bank 
concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by reason 
of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy of an 
important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, losses or 
defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may also be subject 
to the risk, under specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are no longer 
collectable. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including sovereign States, of 
which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively affect the ability of the Bank 
to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. A significant 
decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank might, therefore, have a negative impact 
on the results of the Bank's performances. Albeit, in many cases, the Bank could require further guarantees 
to the counterparties which are in financial difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount 
of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive and the value of the assets which are object of guarantee. 
The default rates, counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties on the 
guarantee appraisal could be significantly increased during periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has always managed its risk portfolio proactively and prudently, overcoming the various 
crises of recent years unscathed. Over the next 2022-25 planning horizon, the Group will pursue a structural 
strategy of de-risking – which was already launched in the last Business Plan with significant results – 
ranking among the best in Europe in terms of NPL ratios and stock (a Zero-NPL Bank) and generating a 
sharp drop in the cost of risk. The latter will, in fact, always be maintained at a conservative level, thanks 
to both substantial reserves for provisions on receivables and ongoing prudent credit management. 
Confirming and reinforcing the strategy of the recent past, Intesa Sanpaolo will pursue a proactive strategy 
of reduction of non-performing loans, also thanks to the significant increase in the degree of coverage of 
non-performing loans achieved in 2021, but also thanks to the supervision and monitoring activities 
performed by the "Group NPL Plan Control Room". Deleveraging will make use of additional selected 
partnerships and targeted portfolio disposals. 
Total non-performing loans for the first nine months of 2022 (bad, unlikely-to-pay, and past due) amounted 
– net of adjustments – to €6,029 million, down 14.8% from €7,077 million at year-end 2021. In detail, bad 
loans decreased to €1,297 million from €2,130 million at year-end 2021, with a bad loan to total loan ratio 
of 0.3% (0.5% at year-end 2021), and a cash coverage ratio of 65.8%. Unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to 
€4,247 million from €4,325 million at year-end 2021. Past due loans amounted to €485 million compared 
to €622 million at year-end 2021. 
The results for the first nine months of 2022 confirm that Intesa Sanpaolo is able to generate solid 
profitability and create value for all its stakeholders even in complex contexts thanks to its well-diversified 
and resilient business model. Gross NPLs were reduced by 25.5% on year-end 2021 mainly thanks to 
massive de-risking, slashing cost of risk with a €3.9bn gross NPL stock reduction in the first nine months 
of this year, reducing the net NPL ratio (based on EBA metrics) to 1%. Intesa Sanpaolo continues to operate 
as a growth accelerator in the real economy in Italy: in the first nine months of 2022, medium/long-term 
new lending granted by the group to Italian households and businesses amounted to around €46 billion. In 
the first nine months of 2022, the Group facilitated the return to performing status of around 3,200 
companies, thus safeguarding around 15,000 jobs. This brought the total to over 136,000 companies since 
2014, with over 680,000 jobs safeguarded over the same period.

--- Page 26 ---
10244042842-v58
- 16 -
47-41044778
 
 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to the 
"Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the explanatory 
note of the consolidated financial statements for 2021, included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2022, with regard the overall limit relating to trading and the hold to collect and 
sell (HTCS) business model, the Group's average managerial VaR was equal to €205million, increasing 
compared to the same period of 2021. 
As to the bank portfolio risks measured in terms of VaR (Interest Rate Value at Risk), has recorded in the 
first nine months of 2022 an average value of €682 million, (€414 million was the average value on 30 
September 2021). On 30 September 2022, the VaR was equal to €744 million, compared to €342 million on 
30 September 2021. On 31 December 2021, the VaR was equal to €509 million, compared to €492 million 
on 31 December 2020. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a deterioration 
of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Group. Such deterioration could be produced either by 
negative effects on the income statement deriving from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative 
changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions 
classified as financial Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial instruments value, including the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to 
investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and capital 
cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and international level, war conflicts 
and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which includes the 
financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking book, which 
includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the trading book. 
For further information please see Part E of the Explanatory Note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the credits towards customers and the direct deposit taking, as reported in the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group 2022 Interim 3rd Quarter Report ("Loan to deposit ratio"), on 30 September 2022 was at 
86%, compared to 83,6% on 31 December 2021. 
Both regulatory indicators, LCR and NSFR, were well above the minimum regulatory requirements (100%). 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, measured according to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61, amounted to an average of 184.7 at the end of September 20221. The NSFR 
measured in accordance with regulatory instructions, was 127,2% at the end of September 2022. 
The participation of the Group to TLTRO funding transactions with ECB at the end of September 2022 was 
equal to approximately €115 billion. 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, may have negative effects 
on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group. 
 
1 
The LCR ratio refers to the simple average of the last 12 months of monthly observations, as per Regulation (EU) 
2021/637.

--- Page 27 ---
10244042842-v58
- 17 -
47-41044778
 
 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both due 
to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest its own 
assets (market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital markets 
by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive funds from 
counterparties which are external to or of the Group, the inability to sell certain assets or redeem its 
investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to provide more guarantees. Such a 
situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent from the control of the Bank, such as 
a general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the Bank or any third parties, or also by 
reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the Bank or other participants in the 
market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis and the loss of trust in the financial 
institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity 
sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other 
banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third 
parties of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect the 
ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity purposes. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external persons, frauds 
or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control procedures, operational 
errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, computer virus attacks, default 
of suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist attacks and natural disasters. The 
occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant negative effects on the business, the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. The capital absorption amounts 
to €2.107 million as at 30 September 2022 and represents approximately 8% of the total value of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group requirement. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk and compliance risk, model 
risk, ICT risk and financial reporting risk; strategic and reputational risk are not included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational risks management which consists of the following 
phases: 
 
identification: the detection and description of potential operational risk areas (e.g. operational 
events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk scenarios); 
 
assessment and measurement: this phase includes the activities aimed at the qualitative/quantitative 
determination of the Group operational risk exposure and the transformation of the evaluations 
collected (e.g. internal and external operational loss data, management levels of risk factors, 
probability and impact in case of realisation of risk scenarios) in synthetic risk measures; 
 
monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational risk exposure, also 
to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk management; 
 
mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and suitable risk 
transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach; 
 
reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational risk management, designed to 
ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk. 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or events 
out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and without

--- Page 28 ---
10244042842-v58
- 18 -
47-41044778
 
 
limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of 
the Bank and the Group, as well as on its reputation. 
Moreover, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Circular No. 285 has been recently amended to 
implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. Among the others, as of 30 June 
2023, the Bank will be requested to implement certain organizational arrangements to ensure compliance 
with the changes recently introduced to Circular No. 285. 
Therefore, to date, it is not yet clear how and to what extent such organizational arrangements may impact 
on the Bank’s operations. Failure to comply with these requirements may cause possible negative effects 
on the business and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Group, as well as on its 
reputation. 
For further information please see Part E of the explanatory note of the consolidated financial statements 
for 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business and 
are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity 
investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of 
assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and 
banknotes, and collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs in 
foreign currencies. Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any negative 
development of the foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange rate that 
could have a negative impact on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial statements and on 
earnings and capital ratios. Two types of Foreign Exchange Risk are identified: Structural and Transaction 
risk. Structural Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the 
exchange rate that could have a negative impact on the foreign exchange reserves that are part of the Group's 
consolidated shareholders' equity, and includes the foreign exchange risk associated with hybrid capital 
instruments. The key sources of structural foreign exchange risk are therefore the investments in associates 
and companies subject to joint control. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group's management of the Structural Foreign Exchange Risk assigns the Parent 
Company the related management and coordination powers in order to achieve a consistent Group strategy. 
This choice, which is consistent with the Parent Company's role as the liaison with the Supervisory 
Authority, allows the activities to be performed based on the specific responsibilities set out in the 
prudential supervision regulations, in addition to suitably mitigating and/or managing this type of risk. 
Transaction Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange 
rate that may have a negative impact both on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial 
statements and on the earnings from funding and lending transactions in currencies other than the euro. 
The main sources of this foreign exchange risk consist of: non-euro loans and deposits held by corporate 
and/or retail customers; conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of the 
international branches; trading of foreign currencies; collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, 
dividends and administrative expenses in foreign currencies; purchase and sale of securities and financial 
instruments for the purpose of resale in the short term; etc. Transaction foreign exchange risk also includes 
the risk related to transactions connected to operations that generate the type of structural foreign exchange 
risk represented, for example, by dividends, earnings in the process of being generated, and corporate 
events. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on 
the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by 
the relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both 
the aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and 
practice developments.

--- Page 29 ---
10244042842-v58
- 19 -
47-41044778
 
 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial 
and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer 
protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could 
give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the prudential Rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
Directions deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly 
strengthen the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of 
policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 
7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total 
Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called 
"capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to direct supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB). Following the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Intesa Sanpaolo must comply with at consolidated level. On 3 February 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo 
announced that it had received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that the 
Bank has to be met as of 1 March 2022. The overall capital requirement the Bank is required to meet in 
terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is currently 8.76% on a fully-loaded basis.2 
This is the result of: a) a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.79%, which includes 
a Pillar I minimum requirement of 8% and an additional Pillar II requirement of 1.79%, of which 4.5% and 
1,01% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio; b) the additional Capital Conservation Buffer requirement 
of 2.5% and the additional O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75%. 
By taking into account the additional requirement made by the Institution specific Countercyclical Capital 
Buffer3, the requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to be respected by Intesa Sanpaolo is equal to 
8.92% on a fully-loaded basis.4 
On 10 February 2022 the ECB announced to see no need to allow banks to operate below the level of capital 
defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, 
banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank 
exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage 
ratio requirements. 
As at 30 September 2022, by taking into account the transitional treatment adopted to mitigate the impact 
of the IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 Transitional), the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 12.6%, the Tier 1 ratio at 
14.9% and the Total capital ratio at 17.5%. Considering the full inclusion of the impact of IFRS 9 (IFRS 9 
 
2  
Applying the regulatory change introduced by the ECB with effect from 12 March 2020, allowing the Pillar 2 
requirement to be met partially using equity instruments not classified as Common Equity Tier 1. 
3 
The Countercyclical Capital Buffer is calculated taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2022 in the 
various countries where the Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent 
national authorities and relating to 2023, where available, or the most recent update of the reference period 
(requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 2022). 
4  
On 15 December 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received the final decision of the ECB concerning 
the capital requirement that the Bank has to be met as of 1 January 2023. The additional Pillar II requirement in 
terms of Total Capital has been reduced to 1.72%, of which 0.97% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1. Therefore, 
the requirement of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to be respected by Intesa Sanpaolo is 8.88% on a fully-loaded 
basis

--- Page 30 ---
10244042842-v58
- 20 -
47-41044778
 
 
Fully Loaded), capital ratios as of 30 September 2022were as follows: a Common Equity ratio of 12.4%, a 
Tier 1 ratio 14.6%; and a Total capital ratio of 17.5%. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank 
for a period of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable 
Funding Ratio or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets 
and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the Rules. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is more than safe and under constant control, some risks 
may materialize in the horizon, depending on the economic recovery. An important mitigating factor to 
these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Group system of rules. 
With regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, currently, in light of the low exposure to Russian and Ukrainian 
counterparties, there were no significant impacts on the Group's consolidated liquidity position. See: 
"Description of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. – Exposure to Russia" 
Furthermore, the Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR2, transposing Basel III Accord) introduced the 
financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total 
exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the 
budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the 
banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. On 18 June 2021, the ECB announced, 
through its decision no. ECB/2021/1074, that euro area banks it directly supervises may exclude certain 
bank exposures from the Leverage Ratio, as exceptional macroeconomic circumstances due to COVID-19 
pandemic continue. The move extends until March 2022 the Leverage Ratio relief granted in September 
2020, which had expired on 27 June 2021. These temporary measures ceased to be applicable from 1 April 
2022. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" on 
page 254 of this Base Prospectus) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the 
impacts on the management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – 
so-called "SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of 
the Bank and the Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources 
that shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so-called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, 
which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 
2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into consideration and 
put in force by Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as subsequently amended, which is intended to enable 
a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e., the 
sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under 
the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked 
to the Notes. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions 
(the "SSM Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory 
Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has conferred to the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone.

--- Page 31 ---
10244042842-v58
- 21 -
47-41044778
 
 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the 
total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the 
ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most 
significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct 
assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is 
considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more 
than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its 
total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with 
each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an 
institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Intesa 
Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised 
entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and 
with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct 
prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and 
the SSM Framework Regulation. 
Moreover, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy's authority to introduce a systemic risk 
buffer and borrower based measures has recently been introduced into the Circular No 285 (as defined 
below) and there is uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. 
Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on Group's operations. Finally, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant reform of the CRD IV Package (i.e the European Banking 
Reform Package as defined below) has recently been proposed by the European Commission and there is 
uncertainty as to adoption and implementation, and it is not yet clear how and to what extent this legislative 
proposal may impact the Group's operations. 
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects deriving 
from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing ones, in 
particular with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as approved and adopted within 
the European legal system. On the date of first implementation of the IFRS 9 principle (31 March 2018), 
the main impacts for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the application of the new impairment 
accounting model (based on the "expected loss" concept instead of the "incurred loss" approach, which was 
previously envisaged by IAS 39), which has led to an increase of the value adjustments. The first 
implementation of the IFRS 16 principle, on 31 March 2019, caused an impact on the CET 1, equal to -8 
base points. 
It is important to highlight that a particular attention should be given towards other interventions on the 
accounting regulations, particularly the international principle IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments", which 
replaced the IAS 39 as per the classification and measurement of the financial instruments. Such principle, 
which has been approved by means of Regulation (EU) 2067/2016, entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
For an in-depth analysis of the IFRS 9, the relevant implementation project and the effects of its first 
application (FTA) we refer to the chapter on "The transition to the international accounting principle IFRS 
9" included in the balance sheet as of 31 December 2018. We would like to underline that, upon the first 
application of the principle, the main impacts for Intesa Sanpaolo Group arose from the enforcement of the 
new impairment accounting model (based on the concept of "expected loss" instead of the approach of the 
"incurred loss", previously envisaged by IAS 39), which caused an increase of the value adjustments. 
Also with reference to the application of the IFRS 9, we observe that the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as mainly 
a banking financial conglomerate, has decided to avail itself of the option of application of the so-called 
"Deferral Approach" (or Temporary Exemption), by virtue of which the financial assets and liabilities of 
the insurance subsidiary Companies continue to be registered on the balance sheet under the provisions of

--- Page 32 ---
10244042842-v58
- 22 -
47-41044778
 
 
IAS 39, awaiting the entry into force of the new international accounting principle on insurance agreements 
(IFRS 17), which is scheduled for 2023.5 
Moreover, IFRS 17 "Insurance Contracts", endorsed by Regulation (EU) No. 2036/2021 of 19 November 
2021 will enter into force starting from 1st January 2023. The new standard envisages the introduction of 
new balance sheet figures and different ways of recognising the profitability of insurance products in the 
financial statements, which could lead to both balance sheet impacts upon first-time adoption of the 
standard and volatility in the income statement once the standard is being implemented. The balance sheet 
impact upon first-time adoption depends on the level of market rates at the transition date, as well as the 
transition approaches adopted. On the other hand, the income statement result is closely related to how the 
Contractual Service Margin ("CSM") is released over time and how it is adjusted following revisions to the 
operational and financial assumptions included in the cash flow and risk adjustment. Based on the analyses 
performed and implementations under way, it is estimated that the impact, to be recognised through other 
comprehensive income upon first-time adoption of the new standard, will be non-critical with respect to 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s current balance sheet and regulatory capital levels. In this regard, for regulatory 
purposes, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as a "financial conglomerate", has been authorised to apply the 
"Danish Compromise'', which allows for the 370% weighting of significant investments in insurance 
subsidiaries instead of their deduction from CET1. The main differences to be recognised in shareholders’ 
equity originate from the difference between the IFRS 17 insurance liabilities (including future profits – 
CSM) measured at fair value, compared to the IFRS 4 reserves, which factor in the reserves quantified 
based on local supervisory authority rules, in addition to the shadow reserve and liability adequacy test, 
which are not fully representative of fair value. 
In this context, from 1 January 2023, the Group Insurance Division will be required to apply IFRS 9 and 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts together for the first time. The implementation of IFRS 9 by the companies 
follows the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s choices in defining its accounting policies in order to ensure the correct 
and uniform application of the new standard. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle please refer to the specific   information 
included in the chapter "Notes to the consolidated financial statements –Part A – Accounting policies of the 
annual report as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021" and in the chapter "Explanatory notes - 
Accounting policies of the Half-yearly report as at 30 June 2022". 
In addition, for an in-depth analysis of the IFRS 17, please refer to the chapter "IFRS 17 Insurance 
Contracts" and "Adoption of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments by the Group’s Insurance Companies" included 
in the Half-Yearly Report of 30 June 2022 and Interim Statement as at 30 September 2022. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors; 
Risks related to Notes generally; 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
Risks related to the market generally. 
 
5  
On 25 June 2020, the IASB published the final version of the "Amendments to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts" 
which confirmed the deferral of the date of first-time adoption of the Standard to 1 January 2023 (instead of 1 
January 2022 previously proposed in the ED 2019/4), with the concurrent possibility of an extension to the same 
date of the "Deferral approach" in the application of IFRS 9. This was endorsed by the European Commission with 
the publication of Regulation 2097/2020 "Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9 
(amendments to IFRS 4)" on 15 December 2020.

--- Page 33 ---
10244042842-v58
- 23 -
47-41044778
 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Resolution Powers and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework the Relevant Authorities have the power to apply "resolution" tools if the 
relevant Issuer is failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation proceedings. 
Specifically, these tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the relevant Issuer; (2) the 
establishment of a bridging institution; (3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of the relevant Issuer 
from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through write-down/conversion into equity 
of regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) as well as other liabilities of the 
relevant Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Guarantee) 
if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the 
relevant provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary 
measure in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the 
resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete 
suspension of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into 
by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities issued by the Issuers, the price or value of 
their investment in any such security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations 
under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of 
the Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any resolution 
power by a Relevant Authority that may result in (i) the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, the Notes into equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuers or another person, 
including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes and/or (ii) the cancellation of the Guarantee or

--- Page 34 ---
10244042842-v58
- 24 -
47-41044778
 
 
the modification of any of its terms, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of 
such resolution power. Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder 
of the Notes or beneficiary of the Guarantee are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give 
effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Relevant Authority. The exercise of the resolution power 
by the Relevant Authority will not constitute an event of default under the Notes. 
The exercise of any resolution power, which could result in the Notes being written down or converted into 
equity pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes, the ability 
of each Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and may have a negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes contain provisions for calling Noteholders' meetings for matters that may affect their interests in 
general. These provisions allow the establishment of majorities that shall be bindable to all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee (in respect of the 
English Law Notes) or the Fiscal Agent (in respect of the Italian Law Notes) as the case may be, may, 
without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of relevant Notes or (ii) determine without the 
consent of the relevant Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuers, in the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and 
Waiver; Substitution; Additional Issuers) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and in 
Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes are English law based in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, except for the status provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of 
bail-in powers provisions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
provisions, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law, Irish law or 
Luxembourgish law, as applicable. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes are Italian law based in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
who hold Notes through interests in the Global Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes once the paying agent has paid Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will

--- Page 35 ---
10244042842-v58
- 25 -
47-41044778
 
 
be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default, being events upon which the Trustee or the Fiscal Agent, as the case may be (or, in 
certain circumstances, the Noteholders) may declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are 
limited to circumstances in which Intesa Sanpaolo becomes subject to compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking 
Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the 
Consolidated Banking Act of the Republic of Italy (as amended from time to time) or insolvency, 
dissolution, liquidation, winding up or an analogous proceeding applicable to INSPIRE in Ireland or to 
Intesa Luxembourg in Luxembourg as set out in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the 
relevant Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, 
or in case of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or the Luxembourg Bail-in Power or the Irish Bail-in 
Power (as applicable) by the Relevant Authority, the Trustee or the Fiscal Agent, as the case may be (and 
the Noteholders) will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the relevant Issuer will not, by virtue 
of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. Furthermore, investors should consider that the terms and conditions of 
the Notes do not provide for negative pledge provisions. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Climate 
Bonds, please also see risk factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability 
Bonds" or "Climate Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets or social assets or sustainable assets". 
Waiver of set-off 
In Condition 4(a) (Status – Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 4(a) (Status – Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes with 
respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa 
Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Under no circumstances shall the interest payments 
for the Noteholder be less than zero. Set out below is a description of the most common features: 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 20 
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes provides that 
contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and Italian private international law 
provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the "Italian Private 
International Law") provides that other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the 
State in which the security was issued. The Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, 
whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by 
the Issuers in the United Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as

--- Page 36 ---
10244042842-v58
- 26 -
47-41044778
 
 
initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating 
and delivering the Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating 
and delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any 
prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, 
the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian 
Private International Law and the relevant applicable European legislation. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
Subject to any minimum denomination applicable to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, in 
relation to any Notes issued in denominations representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case 
of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time), 
plus (ii) integral multiples of another smaller amount, Notes may be traded in amounts which, although 
greater than €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) 
(or its equivalent in another currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) (or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time) (or its equivalent). In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) will not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (if definitive Notes are printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds" 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or 
sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus as the case may be), the Issuers 
may issue Notes under the Programme described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "climate bonds" 
("Climate Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social Bonds"), "sustainability bonds" ("Sustainability Bonds") in 
accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), or in accordance with the Climate Bonds Standard set out by the 
Climate Bonds Initiative. 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Term (or the Drawdown Prospectus as 
the case may be) and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must 
assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is 
given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or 
social project or combination of any green and social project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation")) 
and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and 
mitigation objectives (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts") approved in principle by the EU 
Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation and 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the ("EU Taxonomy Framework")) or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, the relevant Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). On 9 
December 2021, a first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change mitigation and adaptation 
objectives of the EU Taxonomy ("Climate Delegated Act") was published in the Official Journal and is

--- Page 37 ---
10244042842-v58
- 27 -
47-41044778
 
 
applicable from 1 January 2022. With respect to the remaining environmental objectives, a second 
delegated act is expected to be published in 2023. On 6 July 2021 the European Commission adopted the 
delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation which was then published in the 
Official Journal on 10 December 2021 and is applicable since January 2022. This delegated act specifies 
the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial 
undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their 
business, investments or lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European Commission adopted a 
complementary climate delegated act including, under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy 
activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU taxonomy. It was published in the Official 
Journal on 15 July 2022 and will apply as of January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear 
activities are in line with EU climate and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from 
solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. 
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final report 
on a future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). In the context of the 
public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission launched a 
targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the 
work of the Commission Technical Expert Group and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 
October 2020, the European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which 
expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 
2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard 
setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in 
compliance with the EU Taxonomy (as defined below); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green 
bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) 
registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to its supervision. The Notes issued, as Green 
Bonds, under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the 
designation of "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to 
have any such green bonds become eligible for such designation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a 
"sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is 
nevertheless subject to further developments. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that 
any green or social project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will 
meet the investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" performance objectives (including those 
set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or combination of any green and 
social project. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of 
the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of such Green Bonds, 
Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuers may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or low carbon and/or 
social and/or combination of any green and social project, as the case may be have been defined in 
accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and combination of any green and 
social projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the 
suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward 
an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Climate Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would 
only be current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the

--- Page 38 ---
10244042842-v58
- 28 -
47-41044778
 
 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second 
Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. A withdrawal of the 
Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green or social or sustainable assets. No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or 
reliability of any Second-party Opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with 
an issue of Notes issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds". 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus. Any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuers, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the 
date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of any such Second-party Opinion 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is 
required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds, Climate Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable 
Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and 
social projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent 
reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially 
in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the 
relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or 
combination of any green and social projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers, or that the originally designated 
green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social project (or any project(s) resulting from 
any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the 
Issuers (including any failure to comply with their reporting obligations or to obtain any assessment, 
opinion or certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) and any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, 
social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and the relevant 
Notes, will not: (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) constitute an Event of 
Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuers in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) or impact any of the 
features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, 
permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments; (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes 
as indicated in Condition 4; or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Irish Bail-in Power, Italian Bail-In Power 
or Luxembourg Bail-in Power (or any other provision of the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
The performance of any Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked 
to the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuers in respect of any 
environmental or similar targets. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be 
segregated by each Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest and the 
operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the 
Notes are to be applied.

--- Page 39 ---
10244042842-v58
- 29 -
47-41044778
 
 
Regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, Green Bonds, Climate 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of 
CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments 
(including the application of mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution 
procedure is initiated in respect of the Group (including the Issuers) and, with respect to Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital, even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met), the 
Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will be available to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, 
social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, if 
relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as own funds 
or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of each Issuer. The fact that such Notes are 
designated as Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not provide their 
holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be subject to the same risks relating 
to their level of subordination and the enforcement rights of the holders of the Notes will be equally 
extremely limited. 
Any event described above or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social 
or combination of any green and social projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Any failure by the Issuers to comply with their 
reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as 
applicable, will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Principal Paying Agent or otherwise) 
is the agent of the Issuers and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation 
Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term 
of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The Issuers may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the euro short-term rate ("€STR") and the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight ("SARON"), as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates 
not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies 
might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR or the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or SARON that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. 
The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time.

--- Page 40 ---
10244042842-v58
- 30 -
47-41044778
 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. ECB and ESMA are currently 
looking for an administrator capable of producing a €STR rate term structure (ie. €STR TERM). If the 
relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such 
Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more 
widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR €STR, SARON or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other interbank offered 
rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most 
cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of 
SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since 
publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption.

--- Page 41 ---
10244042842-v58
- 31 -
47-41044778
 
 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, SARON or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve or Bank of New York (or their successors), the European Central 
Bank as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index), €STR or SARON respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which 
such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR, SARON or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR €STR, SARON or any related 
indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past 
and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) 
the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 42 ---
10244042842-v58
- 32 -
47-41044778
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that (other than in respect of Notes for which SOFR is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms), if the relevant Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference 
Rate (as defined in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a Reference Rate 
if applicable), the relevant Issuer shall notify the Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders of the occurrence of such Benchmark Event and shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as further described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and in Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. Please refer to Condition 2 (Definitions and 
Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 2 (Definitions and 
Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes for the full definition of a Benchmark 
Event. If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and 
the relevant Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
the relevant Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that if the relevant Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to 
where the relevant Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page, where (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) amendments to the 
terms of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and with Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or an MREL 
Disqualification Event (as applicable) or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes only) would result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes 
initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, in relation to 
Notes for which SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, if the relevant Issuer 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the relevant Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, all as described and as such terms are defined in Condition 7(f) (Interest - Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 6(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been 
made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the relevant Issuer fails to agree a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent 
Adviser, the relevant Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented 
with a conflict of interest. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to 
eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the 
Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or any of 
the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".

--- Page 43 ---
10244042842-v58
- 33 -
47-41044778
 
 
Redemption for tax or regulatory reasons 
The redemption for tax or regulatory reason feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes, as during 
any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, the Issuer may, at its option (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons, as described in further detail in "Regulatory classification of Subordinated Notes – The 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed after a Regulatory Event " below. In such circumstances an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. The relevant Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Inflation-Linked Notes are subject to a number of specific risks due to their link to an underlying index. 
There are specific risks associated with Inflation-Linked Notes, which are set out below. Furthermore, 
investors are warned that they may lose some, part of or all of their entire investment. Each Issuer 
may issue Notes with principal and/or interest determined by reference to an index or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities (each a "relevant factor"). In addition, each Issuer may issue 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware of the following particular risks: 
 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
 
they may receive no interest; 
 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
 
the relevant factors may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
 
if a relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on principal or 
interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
The historical experience of an index or other relevant factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such relevant factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a relevant factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances.

--- Page 44 ---
10244042842-v58
- 34 -
47-41044778
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. That Issuer's ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since that Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If that Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If that Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the 
Rate of Interest for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying 
floating rate will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely 
affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes 
of such Series at the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any 
outstanding interest. Senior Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations at the relevant time. See "—Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Preferred 
Notes may be restricted", below. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or 
a change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements. 
If the Senior Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able 
to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investment in the Senior Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase

--- Page 45 ---
10244042842-v58
- 35 -
47-41044778
 
 
due to the qualification of such Senior Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes is 
subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the 
Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Senior Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
(d) 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The EU Banking Reform have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty as to their implementation 
and interpretation. See "—Risk factors related to the Issuers —Changes in regulatory framework". 
Senior Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and/or modification without the Noteholder 
consent 
With respect to English Law Notes, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Senior Preferred Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 
(Acknowledgment of the Irish Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, then the relevant Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to 
be given to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute all (but 
not some only) of such Senior Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes (as defined below), provided 
that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or 
substituted securities. 
With respect to Italian Law Notes, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Senior Preferred Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, then the relevant Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition

--- Page 46 ---
10244042842-v58
- 36 -
47-41044778
 
 
23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 
(Acknowledgment of the Irish Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, the Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law 
and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax 
consequences for holders of Senior Preferred Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, and 
holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as 
Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred 
Notes which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (the "2018 Budget Law") came into 
force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act"), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking 
groups to issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior non-preferred 
securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of such 
derivative securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to €150,000 (or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time); and 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities 
expressly provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof 
are subject to the provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, in case an issuer of 
senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or 
voluntary liquidation (liquidazione volontaria), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will 
rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), including claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (B) at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority

--- Page 47 ---
10244042842-v58
- 37 -
47-41044778
 
 
to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the 
shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that: 
(i) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act 
shall apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which 
does not comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply 
the invalidity of the entire agreement; 
(ii) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the 
requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any 
different contractual provision is null and void; and 
(iii) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of 
the issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 
12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act was recently enacted and that, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued 
by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank 
of Italy in respect thereof. Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating 
to the above will be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which 
cannot be predicted by the Issuers as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable 
investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non- Preferred Notes should 
determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial 
resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the 
possibility that the entire principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential 
investor should not invest in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise 
(either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
and the impact of this investment on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is no trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the so-called Legge di Bilancio 2018 and its entry into force, Italian issuers were 
not able to issue senior non-preferred securities. Accordingly, there is no trading history for securities with 
this ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the 
risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, 
and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. 
It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy 
(acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions.

--- Page 48 ---
10244042842-v58
- 38 -
47-41044778
 
 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will 
remain the case during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to redemption following an MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the 
Notes of such Series at the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with 
any outstanding interest. Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time. See "—Early redemption and purchase of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted" below. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or 
a change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements. 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will 
be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return 
as their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase 
due to the qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
(d) 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The EU Banking Reform Package have been recently adopted and there is uncertainty as to their 
implementation and interpretation. See "—Risk factors related to the Issuers —Changes in regulatory 
framework".

--- Page 49 ---
10244042842-v58
- 39 -
47-41044778
 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without the Noteholder 
consent 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from, 
the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes of that Series), at any time (i) in the case of English Law Notes, either substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined 
below), or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined below), 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes, the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing 
law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax 
consequences for holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, 
and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations 
If Intesa Sanpaolo is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated or in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, it 
will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including 
unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, Intesa 
Sanpaolo may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under such Notes. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements 
of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows 
for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering 
resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central 
banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the 
form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules 
require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to 
the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, 
trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-
in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected 
to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the 
risk that they may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if 
the non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such

--- Page 50 ---
10244042842-v58
- 40 -
47-41044778
 
 
Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at 
the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing BRRD II in Italy and published on 
30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD 
II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated Banking Act. Such provisions states 
that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated 
in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does 
not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would 
cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would 
improve their ranking with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item (such as the 
Subordinated Notes). In light of this new provision, if certain Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer were to be 
disqualified in full as own funds items in the future, their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the 
Tier 2 Instruments and, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, 
be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer 
fully or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on the 
Subordinated Notes. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 4(c) (Status – 
Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or at 
the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-
viability. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and 
investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any 
action under it could materially affect the value of any Subordinated Notes. Additionally, there may be 
material tax consequences for holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of such write-down or conversion, 
and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Regulatory classification of Subordinated Notes – The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed after a 
Regulatory Event 
The intention of the Intesa Sanpaolo is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", for 
regulatory capital purposes. 
Although it is Intesa Sanpaolo's expectation that the Notes qualify as "Tier 2 Capital", there can be no 
representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be 
grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not 
grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify, as "Tier 2 Capital", Intesa Sanpaolo will (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Italian Law Notes, subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. There 
can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as 
the case may be, see "Early Redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted" below. 
Early Redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the 
CRR provides that the Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR provided that either of the following 
conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes:

--- Page 51 ---
10244042842-v58
- 41 -
47-41044778
 
 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds would, 
following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid 
down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that 
it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
(vi) 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent 
If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and 
receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series), elect (i) in the case of English Law Notes, either to substitute 
all (but not only some) of the Subordinated Notes or modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such 
Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities or (ii) in the case of 
Italian Law Notes, modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they 
become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities, provided that such variation or substitution does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. The Relevant 
Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or variation of the Subordinated 
Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the Relevant Authority to be material shall 
be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Subordinated Notes, as so substituted or 
varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 Capital in accordance with then prevailing Applicable Banking 
Regulations, which may include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed circumstances) the 
Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date of such 
substitution or variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities are securities issued directly by the Issuer that have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant

--- Page 52 ---
10244042842-v58
- 42 -
47-41044778
 
 
Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes, the Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below) may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law 
and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax 
consequences for holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, and holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks relating to Singapore taxation 
Notes issued in Singapore dollars are intended to be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, 1947 of Singapore (the "ITA"), subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions as further 
described under "Taxation in Singapore". 
However, there is no assurance that such Notes will continue to enjoy the tax concessions in connection 
therewith under the ITA should the relevant tax laws be amended or revoked at any time, which amendment 
or revocation may be prospective or retroactive. 
Risks relating to the tax treatment of bail-in-able Notes under Australian law 
The Australian tax treatment of bail-in-able notes issued by Australian branches of foreign banks has come 
under review. The ATO has recently issued industry guidance indicating that its view is that such notes are 
not able to satisfy the requirements to be characterised as debt for Australian tax purposes. Notwithstanding 
this view, the ATO has indicated that it is currently consulting with the government to obtain clarification 
on the intended policy outcome, with the aim of the government introducing a legislative clarification, 
preserving the debt treatment of such notes. The ATO is not intending to apply compliance resources to 
disturb the debt treatment of these instruments under Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 until policy 
clarification has been obtained. If the Notes are classified as equity instead of debt, the interest on the Notes 
will be non-deductible to the Australian branch for Australian tax purposes. In addition, for any Notes 
issued to or held by foreign investors, those investors would lose the benefit of any exemption from 
Australian taxes and may be required to file and pay Australian taxes on interest received on the Notes.  
Notes issued into the Australian market that are attributable to an offshore branch should not be affected. 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. On 
the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of

--- Page 53 ---
10244042842-v58
- 43 -
47-41044778
 
 
the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer (or the Guarantor) to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor's) ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC 
to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Interbank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is 
further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore interbank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor) is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer (or the 
Guarantor) will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. As 
Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will consequently 
vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes propose to sell

--- Page 54 ---
10244042842-v58
- 44 -
47-41044778
 
 
their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have 
invested. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy 
its obligation to pay interest and principal on the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 11(q) (Payments – Payments under Registered Notes 
– Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 10(q) (Payments – Payments under Registered Notes – Inconvertibility, Non-transferability 
or Illiquidity) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes), the relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor 
as the case may be), on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy their respective 
obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such Renminbi-denominated amount. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a 
Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the Final Terms or (ii) for so long 
as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified 
in the Final Terms, in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The relevant Issuer (or the 
Guarantor) cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by 
transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Remittance of proceeds in Renminbi into or out of the PRC 
In the event that the relevant Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, 
its ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing 
with, the relevant PRC government authorities. However, there is no assurance that the necessary approvals 
from, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities will be obtained at all or, 
if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-
border Renminbi remittances in the future, that the PRC Government will not impose any interim or long-
term restrictions on capital inflow or outflow which may restrict cross-border Renminbi remittances, that 
the pilot schemes introduced will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside 
the PRC. In the event that the relevant Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in 
Renminbi and such Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds out of the PRC in Renminbi, it will 
need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under the Renminbi Notes, and its 
ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes may be subject to PRC tax 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Holders' investment in 
the Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Holder is required to pay PRC tax with 
respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:

--- Page 55 ---
10244042842-v58
- 45 -
47-41044778
 
 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme 
might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information 
may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. In addition, 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer (or the Guarantor) will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading 
price for the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to unsolicited ratings: 
(i) 
the Issuers are under no obligation to disclose any such ratings in the Final Terms or in any 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
unsolicited ratings assigned to the Issuers or Notes may differ from any than existing ratings 
assigned. 
Furthermore, in general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is

--- Page 56 ---
10244042842-v58
- 46 -
47-41044778
 
 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be 
able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This 
may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and 
any secondary market. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 57 ---
10244042842-v58
- 47 -
47-41044778
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following information, which has previously been published and filed with the CSSF is incorporated 
by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group 2020 Annual Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2020/20210428_Bilanci_2020_DEF_uk.pdf 
(ii) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021, as shown in the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group 2021 Half-yearly Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/20210928_Relazione_semestrale_uk.pdf 
(iii) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, as shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group 2021 Annual Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2021/2021_Annual__report.pdf 
(iv) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, as shown in the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group 2022 Half-yearly Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2022/30062022_Half-yearly_report.pdf 
(v) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2022/30092022_Interim_Statement.pdf 
(vi) 
the audited annual financial statements of INSPIRE as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
as shown in the 2020 annual report of INSPIRE; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/pdf_bilanci_controllate_20/ISP%20Bank%20Ireland%20-%20Bilancio%2031%2012%202020.pdf 
(vii) 
the audited annual financial statements of INSPIRE as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
as shown in the 2021 annual report of INSPIRE; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/pdf_bilanci_controllate_21/ISP_Bank_Ireland_Bilancio_31_12_2021.pdf 
(viii) 
the unaudited half-yearly financial information of INSPIRE as at and for the six months ended 30 
June 2022, as shown in the 2022 half-yearly report of INSPIRE; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Unaudited-Interim-
Financial-Information-for-the-6-months-ended-30-June-2022.pdf 
(ix) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, as shown in the 2020 annual report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/Intensa_RapportAnnuel-2020_V1.pdf

--- Page 58 ---
10244042842-v58
- 48 -
47-41044778
 
 
(x) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at 31 December 2021, as shown 
in the 2021 annual report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/ISPBL_RapportAnnuel-2021_V1.pdf 
(xi) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at 31 December, 2020 as 
shown in the 2020 annual consolidated report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/RCS-signed-_-
ISPB_Conso-FS-31.12.20.pdf 
(xii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at 31 December, 2021 as 
shown in the 2021 annual consolidated report of Intesa Luxembourg; 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/ISPBL_FS-
31.12.21_Conso_FINAL_signed-by-EY-PSD-via-E-signature.pdf 
in each case together with the accompanying notes and (where applicable) audit or review reports; 
and 
(xiii) 
the base prospectus in respect of the Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme dated 22 December 2021 (the "2021 Base Prospectus"); 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_programma_MTN/20211230_EMTN_Programme_Update_2021_Base_Prospectus.pdf 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu) and at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/mtn 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not included in the cross-reference list in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference and is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo declares that the English translation of each of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial 
statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading translation 
in all material respect of the Italian language version of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial statements. 
Intesa Sanpaolo takes responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
Cross-reference list 
 
The following table shows where the information required under article 19(2) of 
2017/1129 can be found in the above-mentioned documents.
Regulation 
(EU)
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2020 Annual Report
 
Page 
number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures ..............................................................................
189-192
Consolidated balance sheet ..........................................................................................
198-199
Consolidated income statement....................................................................................
200
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income.......................................................
201
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................
202-203
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..........................................................................
204
Notes to the consolidated financial statements.............................................................
205-585
– Part A – Accounting policies.....................................................................................
207-282
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet ..........................................
283-375
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ....................................
376-399
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income .........................................................
400

--- Page 59 ---
10244042842-v58
- 49 -
47-41044778
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies.....................................
401-543
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital...........................................................
544-547
– Part G – Business combinations ...............................................................................
548-567
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .........
568-573
– Part I – Share-based payments .................................................................................
574-577
– Part L – Segment reporting.......................................................................................
578-580
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ...................................................................................
581-585
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998..........................................................................................
586
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................
587-598
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements................................................
599-626
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2021 Annual Report 
Page 
number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures ..............................................................................
189-193
Consolidated balance sheet ..........................................................................................
200-201
Consolidated income statement....................................................................................
202
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income.......................................................
203
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................
204-205
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..........................................................................
206
Notes to the consolidated financial statements.............................................................
207-608
– Part A – Accounting policies.....................................................................................
209-292
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet ..........................................
293-383
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement ....................................
384-408
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income ........................................................
409
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies.....................................
410-573
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ..........................................................
574-578
– Part G – Business combinations ...............................................................................
579-590
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .........
591-596
– Part I – Share-based payments .................................................................................
597-601
– Part L – Segment reporting.......................................................................................
602-604
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ...................................................................................
605-608
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998..........................................................................................
609
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................
611-621
Attachments to the Consolidated Financial Statements................................................
623-653
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2021 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ..........................................................................................
58-59
Consolidated income statement....................................................................................
60
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income.......................................................
61
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................
62-63
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..........................................................................
64
Explanatory Notes........................................................................................................
65-66
Accounting policies ......................................................................................................
67-76
Subsequent events.........................................................................................................
77
Economic results ..........................................................................................................
78-105
Balance sheet aggregates.............................................................................................
106-123
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area and geographical area..............
124-152
Risk management..........................................................................................................
153-184

--- Page 60 ---
10244042842-v58
- 50 -
47-41044778
 
 
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information ..........................
185-191
Forecast for the year....................................................................................................
192-194
Certification of the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998..............................................................
195-196
Independent Auditors' Review Report .........................................................................
197-200
Attachments..................................................................................................................
201-228
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group  Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2022 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ..........................................................................................
64-65
Consolidated income statement....................................................................................
66
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income.......................................................
67
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................
68-69
Consolidated statement of cash flows ..........................................................................
70
Explanatory Notes........................................................................................................
71-214
Accounting policies ......................................................................................................
73-87
Subsequent events.........................................................................................................
88
Economic results ..........................................................................................................
89-112
Balance sheet aggregates.............................................................................................
113-131
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area and geographical area..............
132-161
Risk management..........................................................................................................
162-204
Shareholder base, related party transactions and other information ..........................
205-212
Forecast for the year....................................................................................................
213-214
Certification of the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998..............................................................
215
Independent Auditors' Review Report .........................................................................
217-219
Attachments..................................................................................................................
221-245
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group  Interim Statement as at 30 September 2022 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ...............................................................................................
40 – 41
Consolidated income statement.........................................................................................
42
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income............................................................
43
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity as at 30 September 2022 ...........................
44-45
Report on operation
Economic results ...............................................................................................................
49-73
Balance sheet aggregates..................................................................................................
74-91
Breakdown of consolidated results by business area ........................................................
92-108
Risk management...............................................................................................................
109-131
Accounting policies ...........................................................................................................
133-143
Criteria for the preparation of the Interim Statement
135-143
Declaration of the Manager responsible for preparing the company's financial reports ...
144
Attachments.......................................................................................................................
145-171
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 2020 Annual Report 
Page 
number(s) 
Independent Auditors' report.............................................................................................
12-17
Income statement...............................................................................................................
18
Statement of comprehensive income.................................................................................
19
Statement of financial position..........................................................................................
20
Statement of changes in equity..........................................................................................
21
Statement of Cashflow ......................................................................................................
22

--- Page 61 ---
10244042842-v58
- 51 -
47-41044778
 
 
Notes to the financial statements.......................................................................................
23-125
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 2021 Annual Report 
 
Page 
number(s)
Independent Auditors' report.......................................................................................  
12-20 
Income statement.........................................................................................................  
21 
Statement of comprehensive income...........................................................................  
22 
Statement of financial position....................................................................................  
23 
Statement of changes in equity....................................................................................  
24 
Statement of cashflow.................................................................................................  
25 
Notes to the financial statements.................................................................................  
26-131 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 2022 Half-Yearly Report 
Page number(s) 
(PDF reference)
Profit and Loss Account..............................................................................................  
1
Balance Sheet.............................................................................................................. 
2
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2020 Annual Reports 
Page 
number(s) 
(references are 
to pages of the 
pdf. version)
Statement of financial position....................................................................................  
17-18 
Statement of profit or loss or other comprehensive income........................................  
19 
Statement of changes in equity....................................................................................  
20 
Statement of cash flow ................................................................................................  
21 
Notes to the financial statements.................................................................................  
22-107 
Independent auditors' report........................................................................................  
108-113 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2021 Annual Reports 
Page 
number(s) 
(references are 
to pages of the 
pdf. version)
Statement of financial position....................................................................................  
23-24 
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income...................................... 
25 
Statement of changes in equity....................................................................................  
26 
Statement of cash flows...............................................................................................  
27 
Notes to the financial statements.................................................................................  
28-125 
Independent auditor's report........................................................................................  
126-131 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2020 Annual Consolidated Reports 
Page number(s) 
(references are 
to pages of the 
pdf. version)
Consolidated statement of financial position.........................................................
1-2

--- Page 62 ---
10244042842-v58
- 52 -
47-41044778
 
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ..........
3-4
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ........................................................
5
Consolidated statement of cash flow.....................................................................
6-7
Notes to the consolidated financial statements......................................................
8-117
Independent auditors' report..................................................................................
From pages15 
(attached to the 
PDF version) to 
19
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 2021 Annual Consolidated Reports 
 
Page number(s) 
(references are to 
pages of the pdf. 
version)
Page number(s) 
pdf. version
Independent auditors' report..................................................................................
1-5
Consolidated statement of financial position.........................................................  
6-7
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ..........
8-9
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ........................................................  
10
Consolidated statement of cash flow.....................................................................
11-12
Notes to the consolidated financial statements......................................................  
13-150
 
2021 Base Prospectus 
Page number(s) 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes..................................................
58-118
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes....................................................
119-172
 
For the purposes of Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, only the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes of the 2021 Base Prospectus are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any non-incorporated parts of the 2021 Base 
Prospectus are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 63 ---
10244042842-v58
- 53 -
47-41044778
 
 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuers will prepare a new Base Prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial 
conditions of the Issuers at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and each subsequent Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, 
they shall prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably 
request. Any supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus shall be approved by the CSSF. 
In addition, the Issuers may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in "Form of 
Final Terms" on pages 189 to 211. To this extent, and/or to the extent that the information relating to that 
Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made 
available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a 
single document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Notes 
or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer, a securities note containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or 
identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as 
information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
10244042842-v58
- 54 -
47-41044778
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in New Global Note form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the 
Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in New Global Note form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in New Global Note form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other 
criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in New Global 
Note form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt 
securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 
2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the New Global Note form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an 
increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 65 ---
10244042842-v58
- 55 -
47-41044778
 
 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only he bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Save as described below, where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes in the circumstances described above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, so long as the clearing systems so permit and subject to 
any minimum denomination applicable to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, where the 
Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above, Notes may be issued and will be tradable in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a 
minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
€200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable 
law from time to time), plus (ii) integral multiples of another smaller amount, provided that, although 
greater than €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) 
(or its equivalent in another currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time). For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of 
Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an 
amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not 
receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is 
an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated or 
in the case of a New Global Note Permanent Global Note effectuated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 66 ---
10244042842-v58
- 56 -
47-41044778
 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent 
within 60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Save as described above, where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes in the circumstances described above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, so long as the clearing systems so permit and subject to 
any minimum denomination applicable to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, where the 
Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above, Notes may be issued and will be tradable in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a 
minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
€200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable 
law from time to time), plus (ii) integral multiples of another smaller amount, provided that, although 
greater than €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) 
(or its equivalent in another currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €150,000 in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) (or its equivalent). For the avoidance of doubt, 
each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive 
Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global 
Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may 
not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated or 
in the case of a New Global Note Permanent Global Note effectuated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes", and "Terms

--- Page 67 ---
10244042842-v58
- 57 -
47-41044778
 
 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA C Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual Note Certificates or a global Note 
in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion 
of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements 
for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 
2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem 
operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance 
with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or

--- Page 68 ---
10244042842-v58
- 58 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on 
behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is 
required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names 
and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Global Note Certificate for 
Individual Note Certificates for a period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes", and "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 69 ---
10244042842-v58
- 59 -
47-41044778
 
 
MONTE TITOLI NOTES 
Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having Monte Titoli as a clearing system will be 
held on behalf of the beneficial owners thereof, from their date of issue until their redemption, by Monte 
Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. The expression "Monte Titoli account 
holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Monte Titoli and include any financial intermediary appointed by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the account of participants in Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 70 ---
10244042842-v58
- 60 -
47-41044778
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Conditions applicable to Global Notes". 
Further information related to Inflation-Linked Notes is contained in ANNEX 1 (Further information 
related to Inflation-Linked Notes) below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. acting through its Turin head office or its Sydney branch as 
Issuer ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Bank" or the "Issuer"), Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
("INSPIRE") and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa Luxembourg") have 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
€70,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of English law-governed notes (the "English Law 
Notes" or the "Notes") guaranteed, in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg, 
by Intesa Sanpaolo (in this capacity, the "Guarantor") pursuant to a Deed of Guarantee (as defined 
below) to be entered upon the issuance of such guaranteed Notes. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions governed 
by English law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Notes are subject to and have the benefit of an amended and restated trust deed 
dated 22 December 2022 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, and 
including the Deed of Guarantee (as defined below), the "Trust Deed") made between Intesa 
Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg and Trustee, which expression shall include all persons 
for the time being the trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated paying agency agreement 
dated 22 December 2022 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") between Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg, the Trustee, 
Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which expression 
includes any successor transfer agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) 
and paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar, the 
"Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes). 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg shall have the benefit of a 
deed of guarantee (the "Deed of Guarantee") entered into in respect of such Notes. 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection 
and obtainable free of charge by the public during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Trustee, the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Notes the Registrar, and, in any event, at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed, Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee (if entered into in respect of an issue of Notes) and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Guarantee (if any) applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and the Deed of Guarantee (if entered into in respect of an issue of Notes) (i) are available for

--- Page 71 ---
10244042842-v58
- 61 -
47-41044778
 
 
inspection or collection (or electronically) by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of the Trustee and each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of 
which are set out below or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior 
written request to the Trustee, any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Issuers: References in these Conditions to "Issuer" are to the entity specified as the Issuer in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which is notified by the Issuers to 
the Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent as being: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines and notifies the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be);

--- Page 72 ---
10244042842-v58
- 62 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(including any applicable transitional provisions) including, without limitation, the BRRD, the 
BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular 
No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer) or of the institutions of the 
European Union and standards and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Approved Reorganisation" means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation involving, alone or 
with others, the Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor, and whether by way of consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger, transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise 
provided that the principal resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a "Resulting Entity") is a 
banking company and effectively assumes all the obligations of the Issuer or, as applicable, the 
Guarantor, under, or in respect of, the Notes or, as applicable, the Guarantee of the Notes; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures; and (iv) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Bearer Note" means a Note in bearer form; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of 
an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if applicable). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or

--- Page 73 ---
10244042842-v58
- 63 -
47-41044778
 
 
(mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be 
made to the Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 
15 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day

--- Page 74 ---
10244042842-v58
- 64 -
47-41044778
 
 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own 
Funds to the extent required under the CRD IV Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition 
of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"CNY" or "Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the PRC; 
"Coupon" means an interest coupon relating to a Bearer Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 75 ---
10244042842-v58
- 65 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) is so specified, 
means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement)) 
or "360/360" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 76 ---
10244042842-v58
- 66 -
47-41044778
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 77 ---
10244042842-v58
- 67 -
47-41044778
 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
None of the Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agents or the Calculation Agents shall be responsible 
or liable for any action or inaction of the Independent Adviser or in respect of the determination of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, or any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments. 
"Delegated Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended and replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from 
time to time; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation-Linked Notes), 
its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the 
relevant par value. In respect of Inflation-Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means 
an amount different from the relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that under no circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, that has been given by the Guarantor in the Deed of Guarantee 
entered into in relation to that issue of Notes; 
"Holder" means a Registered Holder or, as the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Note; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan capital, certificates of deposit, loan stock or other like instruments or securities 
offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placement, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration 
other than cash; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, this will not be the Principal Paying Agent; 
"INSPIRE Duplicate Register" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(e) (Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;

--- Page 78 ---
10244042842-v58
- 68 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"Irish Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power, whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland including those: 
(i) 
relating to the transposition of BRRD, including but not limited to the European Union 
(Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015 as amended or replaced from time to 
time (the "BRRD Irish Regulations") and the instruments rules and standards created 
thereunder; and 
(ii) 
constituting or relating to the SRM Regulation and the instruments rules and standards 
created thereunder, 
in each case, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such 
regulated entity) can be reduced (including to zero), cancelled, modified or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for 
a temporary period). For this purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to any entity to which 
for the purposes of paragraph (i) above, the BRRD Irish Regulation apply and, for the purposes of  
(ii) above, the SRM Regulation applies, which in each case includes certain credit institutions, 
investment firms and certain of their parent or holding companies. 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including those relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated 
entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own 
Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are

--- Page 79 ---
10244042842-v58
- 69 -
47-41044778
 
 
subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other 
instruments of ownership; 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power, whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, 
including those (i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de 
liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux 
systèmes de garantie des dépôts et d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time 
(the "Luxembourg BRRD Law"), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising 
under Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such 
regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or 
other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) 
and any right in a contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have 
been exercised. For this purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity 
(which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) 
referred to in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with 
respect to the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not 
constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Preferred Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group) 
does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as 
a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result of a 
purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute an MREL 
Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group, from time to time, 
(including any applicable transitional provisions) including, without limitation to the generality of 
the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted 
by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant Authority or the 
European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any of the 
preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations 
may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
10244042842-v58
- 70 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Note Certificate" means a certificate issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its registered 
holding of Notes; 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Bearer Note or, as the context requires, a Registered Holder; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(iii) 
if the currency of payment is Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday, or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means Wellington; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong;

--- Page 81 ---
10244042842-v58
- 71 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights 
as the Senior Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; 
(F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned 
to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless 
any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of the Irish Bail-in Power) 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 
(Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg; and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 
(Acknowledgment of the Irish Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in 
Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, have terms 
not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the 
Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial 
adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of 
the Senior Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding 
the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of

--- Page 82 ---
10244042842-v58
- 72 -
47-41044778
 
 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group (as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Subordinated Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit 
ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation 
or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of Registered Notes in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
"Registered Holder" means the person in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
"Registered Note" means a Note in registered form;

--- Page 83 ---
10244042842-v58
- 73 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means a change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers 
to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from the 
classification as of the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in 
whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds and, in the event of any 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulations, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
as the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
"Relevant Authority" means (i) in respect of Italy, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, 
or any successor authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the 
Group within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council 
Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 ("SSM") and in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and/or, as the context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the Single 
Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in Italy 
or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in 
Power or having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Intesa 
Sanpaolo from time to time; (ii) in respect of Ireland, the Central Bank of Ireland and/or any other 
authority in Ireland or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of 
the Irish Bail-in Power from time to time; and (iii) in respect of Luxembourg, the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier, acting in its capacity as resolution authority within the meaning 
of Article 3(1) of the BRRD, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation, and/or any other authority in Luxembourg or in the European Union entitled to exercise 
or participate in the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or

--- Page 84 ---
10244042842-v58
- 74 -
47-41044778
 
 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service and the Moneyline 
Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Spot Rate (as defined in Condition 11(q) (Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability or Illiquidity)) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Trust Deed; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuer's Switch Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, at its sole absolute discretion, on 
one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 7(l) (Change of Interest Basis), 
to change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to 
Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) 
the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended;

--- Page 85 ---
10244042842-v58
- 75 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation is made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Notes in Bearer Form: Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if 
applicable) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the 
case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000, save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Senior Non-Preferred Note will be €150,000 (or, if the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such Specified Currency); and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Subordinated 
Note will be €200,000 (or, if the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a in a Specified Currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency). 
(d) 
Notes in Registered Form: Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denominations and may 
be held in holdings equal to the Specified Minimum Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and integral multiples equal to the Specified Increments (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
excess thereof (an "Authorised Holding").

--- Page 86 ---
10244042842-v58
- 76 -
47-41044778
 
 
(e) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A Note Certificate will be issued to each Registered Holder 
in respect of its holding of Notes. With respect to Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg, each time 
the Register is amended or updated, the Registrar shall send a copy of the Register to Intesa 
Luxembourg. With respect to Notes issued by INSPIRE, upon entry into of this Agreement and 
each time the Register is amended or updated, the Registrar shall send a copy of the Register to 
INSPIRE who will keep an updated copy, the INSPIRE Duplicate Register. In the event of 
inconsistency between the Register and the INSPIRE Duplicate Register, the INSPIRE Duplicate 
Register shall, for the purposes of Irish law, prevail. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. 
(f) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(g) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: Subject to Conditions 3(j) (Closed periods) and 3(k) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are Authorised Holdings. Where not all 
the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, 
a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(h) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(g) (Transfer of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each Registered Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Registered Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for 
the purpose by such Registered Holder. In this Condition 3(h), "business day" means a day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the 
city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(i) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(j) 
Closed periods: Registered Holders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(k) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Registered Holder who requests 
in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 87 ---
10244042842-v58
- 77 -
47-41044778
 
 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Preferred Notes and specified in the Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-
Preferred Senior Preferred Notes) ("Senior Preferred Notes"). 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the 
Issuer, present and future (other than obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by 
provision of law, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(b) 
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to 
qualify as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined 
under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes"). 
The obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined under, 
and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority) in respect of principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo, 
ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of Intesa Sanpaolo which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from 
the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or 
future obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of Intesa 
Sanpaolo, 
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from 
time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note.

--- Page 88 ---
10244042842-v58
- 78 -
47-41044778
 
 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
and specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Circular No. 285, including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. Save as provided in Condition 4(c)(ii) (Status of disqualified 
Subordinated Notes), in the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of Legislative Decree of 1 
September 1993, No. 385 of the Republic of Italy as amended (the "Consolidated 
Banking Act") or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with 
Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, for so long as the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of principal and interest under the Subordinated 
Notes will (A) be subordinated to the claims of the Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors (as 
defined below); (B) rank pari passu with Parity Creditors and (C) rank in priority to the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including the holders 
of notes which qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, if any). 
"Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims 
are admitted to proof in the winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo and who are either (a) 
unsubordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) or (b) creditors 
of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims against Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, 
subordinated in the event of the winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo but senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, 
in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)). 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (including, without limitation, the 
Subordinated Noteholders, and the Subordinated Couponholders) whose claims against 
Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in any manner to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor 
of Intesa Sanpaolo, but excluding those subordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (if any) 
whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior or senior to the claims of the 
Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders and/or to the claims of any 
other creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
with the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders or with 
whose claims the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated 
Couponholders rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu, including holders of present or 
future subordinated instruments which qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer. 
(ii) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their 
entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and: (A) at least pari passu with the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other 
subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments 
to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in

--- Page 89 ---
10244042842-v58
- 79 -
47-41044778
 
 
part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital 
and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or 
future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(iii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under 
the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant 
Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss 
Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable 
law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(iv) 
Set-Off 
Neither any Subordinated Noteholder or Subordinated Couponholder nor the Trustee may 
exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by Intesa 
Sanpaolo arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or Subordinated 
Coupons and each Subordinated Noteholder, and Subordinated Couponholder shall, by 
virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or Subordinated 
Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Status of the Guarantee 
This Condition 5 is applicable in relation to Notes if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as having the benefit of the Guarantee of the Notes and upon the entering into of a Deed of 
Guarantee. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee of the Notes (if stated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and upon the entering into of a Deed of Guarantee) constitute direct, general, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank equally (subject to any 
obligation preferred by any applicable law) with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the Guarantor (present and future). 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set 
out in this Condition 6. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount.

--- Page 90 ---
10244042842-v58
- 80 -
47-41044778
 
 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in 
the case of any currency other than euro and Renminbi, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency, in the case of euro, means one cent and, 
in the case of Renminbi, means CNY 0.01. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note shall be the multiple of the product of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions, CMS Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation-Linked Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of 
the interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
7(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set 
out in this Condition 7. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: Other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SARON and/or CMS and/or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms, if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
this will not be the Principal Paying Agent) will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on

--- Page 91 ---
10244042842-v58
- 81 -
47-41044778
 
 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to 
Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) below: 
(i) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(ii) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C]

--- Page 92 ---
10244042842-v58
- 82 -
47-41044778
 
 
(iii) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (y): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
if, the relevant Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
this will not be the Principal Paying Agent) will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(ii) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time,

--- Page 93 ---
10244042842-v58
- 83 -
47-41044778
 
 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
where if such number is not specified, 365; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 94 ---
10244042842-v58
- 84 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms which shall not be less than three London Banking days at any time and 
shall, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest), be no less than 
five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to 
Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published,

--- Page 95 ---
10244042842-v58
- 85 -
47-41044778
 
 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under paragraph (A) above. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period), in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuers determine that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula

--- Page 96 ---
10244042842-v58
- 86 -
47-41044778
 
 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be 
less than three U.S. Government Securities Business days at any time and shall, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest), be no 
less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 97 ---
10244042842-v58
- 87 -
47-41044778
 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.

--- Page 98 ---
10244042842-v58
- 88 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuers decide 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuers decide that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuers determine 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issue determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event" below, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), (e) or (f) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event" below, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any

--- Page 99 ---
10244042842-v58
- 89 -
47-41044778
 
 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
the Benchmark has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Benchmark that it has ceased, or 
will cease, publishing such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Benchmark); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark that 
such Benchmark has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that means that such Benchmark will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Benchmark is no longer representative of 
an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant 
Benchmark (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if 
applicable). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Benchmark 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Transition Event. In the event of a change 
in the formula and/or (mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant 
Benchmark, reference shall be made to the Benchmark based on the formula and/or 
methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal

--- Page 100 ---
10244042842-v58
- 90 -
47-41044778
 
 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under 
Condition 7(f)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(f); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(f)(iv) above and 
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as aforesaid), 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency 
Agreement), provided it would not, in the Trustee's, Calculation Agent's and/or the 
Paying Agent's opinion, have the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or 
(ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent in the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(vii) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "€STR".

--- Page 101 ---
10244042842-v58
- 91 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR௜ ×  𝑛௜
D
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i".

--- Page 102 ---
10244042842-v58
- 92 -
47-41044778
 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition  7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SARON (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SARON".

--- Page 103 ---
10244042842-v58
- 93 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
Where "SARON" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(h): 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of SIX Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant SIX 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first SIX Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
p SIX Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Remuneration Period (or 
the date falling p SIX Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities are due and payable). 
"SIX Business Day" or "SIXBD" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which 
is not marked as currency holiday for CHF in the Trading & Currency Holiday Calendar 
published by SIX Swiss Exchange; 
"ni" for any SIX Business Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such SIX Business 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following SIX Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" SIX Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p SIX Business Day prior to the

--- Page 104 ---
10244042842-v58
- 94 -
47-41044778
 
 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p SIX Business Day 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
SIX Business Day specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms, provided that "p" shall not be less than five SIX 
Business Days without prior written approval of the Principal Paying Agent; 
"SARON Reference Rate" means, in respect of any SIX Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") rate for such SIX Business 
Day as provided by the administrator of SARON to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the SIX Business Day 
immediately following such SIX Business Day; and 
"SARONi" means the SARON Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SIX Business Day falling "p" SIX Business Days prior to the relevant SIX 
Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms; the relevant SIX Business Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SARON 
only compounds the SARON Reference Rate in respect of any SIX Business Day. The 
SARON Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non- SIX Business Day will be taken by 
applying the SARON Reference Rate for the previous SIX Business Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any SIX Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Issuer or an Independent Advisor on the Issuer’s behalf determines 
that the SARON Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SARON Reference 
Rate shall, subject to subject to Security Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), 
be the SARON Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding SIX Business Day 
on which the SARON Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Rate of Interest Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(h) 
the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Securities for the first 
Interest Period had the Securities been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier;

--- Page 105 ---
10244042842-v58
- 95 -
47-41044778
 
 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the 
Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other 
case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (provided that such Reset Date shall 
not be less than five Business days prior to the Interest Payment Date unless 
expressly agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest); and 
(iv) 
if applicable, the "Applicable Benchmark", "Fixing Day", "Fixing Time" and/or 
any other items specified in the relevant Final Terms are as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The definition of 'Fallback Observation Day' in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: "Fallback Observation Day" means, 
in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period 
included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise 
agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. If "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then if the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative 
Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement: Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note 
for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, if the Issuer (or the person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and will notify the Principal Paying Agent 
and Calculation Agent and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
"Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later 
than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j));

--- Page 106 ---
10244042842-v58
- 96 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate and notifies 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of 
eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, 
which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if (a) this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page the Issuers will notify the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of such determination no later than 
(ten) 10 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), or (b) in case the 
provisions relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or the provisions relating to the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under 
this Condition 7(j) would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or an MREL 
Disqualification Event (as applicable), or (c) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, the provisions under this Condition 7(j) would result 
in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date 
of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then the Reference Rate applicable 
to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the 
Relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the 
first paragraph of this Condition 7(j). Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Condition 7(j), none of the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments which, in 
the sole opinion of the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable), 
would have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protections, of the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) in the 
Principal Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions; 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the 
benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that (a) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (b) the quantum of, or a formula or

--- Page 107 ---
10244042842-v58
- 97 -
47-41044778
 
 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify amendments to 
the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to 
the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in 
order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which amendments shall apply to the Notes 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j)); 
and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment 
Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to Condition 7(j)(vi) 
above to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). Prior to any amendment being 
effected under this Condition 7(j) due to a Benchmark Event (each, a "Benchmark 
Amendment") taking effect, the Issuer shall provide a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories to the Trustee confirming, in the Issuer's reasonable opinion 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser), (i) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), (iii) 
where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, the terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments in each case determined in accordance with this Condition 7 
that such Benchmark Amendments are necessary to give effect to any application of this 
Condition 7 and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without further 
enquiry or liability to any person. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be 
liable to the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such person. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments and without prejudice to the Trustee's ability to rely on such 
certificate (as aforesaid) will be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents (or such 
other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms), the other Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(viii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(j)(vi) above and 
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as aforesaid), 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement), provided it 
would not, in the Trustee's, the Calculation Agent's and the Paying Agent's opinion, have 
the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
(ix) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j), if in the Calculation Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 7(j), the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent 
in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is

--- Page 108 ---
10244042842-v58
- 98 -
47-41044778
 
 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(k) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(l) 
Change of Interest Basis: If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or this Condition 7, each applicable only for the relevant 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable), may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, 
change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed 
Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the 
Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that 
(A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the 
relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding 
the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is 
exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall no longer be entitled to 
exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(m) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount 
of such Note during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Interest Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(n) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 109 ---
10244042842-v58
- 99 -
47-41044778
 
 
(o) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Trustee, the Paying Agents and each stock exchange 
(if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(p) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
8. 
 Inflation-Linked Note 
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation-Linked Notes Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
 Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes, 
for each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party 
specified in the Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of 
Condition 7(k) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) above shall apply as appropriate. 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if Index Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be 
equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in 
month (t), the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 110 ---
10244042842-v58
- 100 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] 
Inflation-Linked Notes may be i) 100% of the Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be 
calculated on the [Maturity Date/ relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the 
following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index (t)/Inflation 
Index (0))] 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; and 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls. 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum 
amount (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no 
circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal Amount of 
the Notes. 
(iii) 
 Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 
8 or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 8, each 
Inflation-Linked Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation-Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
such other events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, 
(ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its 
affiliates or any other Hedging Party), or (iii), if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the 
performance of the Guarantor under the Guarantee has become unlawful.

--- Page 111 ---
10244042842-v58
- 101 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior 
to any due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant 
Determination Date is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an 
Inflation Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the 
level of such Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month 
which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in 
respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation 
the relevant Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which 
is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after 
the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest 
maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in limb (a) or (b) above is selected by the 
Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the 
European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that 
is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, 
Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is 
calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each 
case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation 
Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior 
sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond 
redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk 
of the Issuer (or the Guarantor (as appropriate)) issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any 
other party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer (or, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, 
the Guarantor (as appropriate)) issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 112 ---
10244042842-v58
- 102 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that 
publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index 
which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index 
is reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information 
is published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was 
reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which 
the Relevant Level is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Fallback Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall 
use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related 
Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable 
Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: 
Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above. 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect 
of an Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then 
the Relevant Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference 
Month subject to such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not 
able to determine a Substitute Index Level under Condition 8(a)(i) (Rate 
of Interest – Inflation-Linked Notes) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior 
to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined.

--- Page 113 ---
10244042842-v58
- 103 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition 8(a)(ii) 
(Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time 
on or after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 
8 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not 
been published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the 
"Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation-Linked Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event 
has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 8(iv)(B)(5) below), a successor inflation index has been 
designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall 
be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" notwithstanding that any 
other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined 
under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) or 8(iv)(B)(4)below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 8(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an 
announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation 
Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the 
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation-Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1) or 8(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index 
for the Inflation Index should be. If four or five responses are received 
and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index". If three responses are received and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are received or 
no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this Condition

--- Page 114 ---
10244042842-v58
- 104 -
47-41044778
 
 
8(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 8(iv)(B)(4) 
below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1), 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) above by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-
Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index in relation to Inflation-Linked Notes, on giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Issuer 
shall redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the 
Inflation-Linked Notes, each Inflation-Linked Note being redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be 
rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will 
be used for purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so 
that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to 
the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the 
Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments 
made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index 
necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar 
days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index 
Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error 
in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such 
adjustments to the terms of the Inflation-Linked Notes as it determines 
appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any 
such adjustments in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may at its option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of

--- Page 115 ---
10244042842-v58
- 105 -
47-41044778
 
 
the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation-Linked 
Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
The redemption or cancellation referred to in this Condition 8(a)(iv) 
(Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions) shall be subject to (i) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
or repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 
10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, or 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index 
or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to 
be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the 
Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. 
Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation 
Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person 
of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor, if the 
Notes are guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor shall have liability to the Noteholders 
for any act or failure to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed 
prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer 
nor, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor nor their affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation 
Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the 
Inflation Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Issuer, if the Notes are Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, its, or as appropriate, 
their affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and 
timeliness of information concerning the Inflation Index. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven (7) days after the

--- Page 116 ---
10244042842-v58
- 106 -
47-41044778
 
 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased, or cancelled, the Subordinated Notes will be redeemed 
in whole at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, in the manner provided for in 
Condition 11 (Payments). The Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the 
Subordinated Notes only in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR being met and not prior to five (5) years from their Issue Date, except where 
the conditions set out in (i) Article 78(4) of the CRR, or (ii) in the case of repurchases for market 
making purposes, Article 29 of the Delegated Regulation, are met (see Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 
Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(k) (Purchase), Condition 
10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation-Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation-
Linked Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of the notice by the 
Issuer referred to above that it has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy, in 
the case of Intesa Sanpaolo, or Ireland, in the case of INSPIRE, or Luxembourg 
in the case of Intesa Luxembourg, or any political subdivision or any authority or 
agency thereof or therein, or any change in the application or interpretation or 
administration of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment (such 
change or amendment being material and not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date in the case of Subordinated Notes) becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the relevant Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
the Guarantor (where applicable) satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the 
giving of the notice by the Issuer referred to above that it has or (if a demand were 
made under the Guarantee of the Notes) would become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein, or any 
change in the application or interpretation or administration of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date

--- Page 117 ---
10244042842-v58
- 107 -
47-41044778
 
 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and 
such evidence shall be sufficient to the Trustee and conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 10(c) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the redemption referred to in this 
Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: 
(i) 
Partial Redemption of Bearer Notes: If Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on 
any date in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the 
Trustee approves and in such manner as the Trustee considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which the Notes 
are then listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(ii) 
Partial Redemption of Registered Notes: If Registered Notes are to be redeemed in part 
only on any date in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), each Registered Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registered Notes to be redeemed on the 
relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Registered Notes on such date.

--- Page 118 ---
10244042842-v58
- 108 -
47-41044778
 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Put Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10(e) for full 
information on any Put Option. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any 
Note must, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with any Agent 
such Note together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Agent. The Agent with which 
a Note is so deposited shall immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 
10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of Note for 
all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the occurrence 
of a Regulatory Event, the Issuer may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by 
applicable law or regulation) the Issuer has given not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice to the Trustee, the Agents and the Noteholders of such Subordinated 
Notes (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
due to an MREL Disqualification Event: If redemption at the option of the Issuer due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), the Trustee and the Agents, 
redeem the Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, 
then outstanding at any time (if the Senior Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior 
Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked 
Note), if the Issuer determines that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(g), the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(g).

--- Page 119 ---
10244042842-v58
- 109 -
47-41044778
 
 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(g) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(h) 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any 
higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at their option, and having given to the 
Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption 
Notice"), in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at 
their clean-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption 
identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(h) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this 
Condition 10(h) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification 
Event) inclusive above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such request is made 
to and accepted by the respective Issuer). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) may at any time, including for market 
making purposes, purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that 
all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option 
of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The repurchases referred to in 
this Condition 10(k) shall be subject to Condition 10(n)10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10(o) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuers or the Guarantor (where applicable) and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo be lower than the principal amount of the Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
10244042842-v58
- 110 -
47-41044778
 
 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of such Notes in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay and 
Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory purposes (Regulatory Call)), or Condition 10(k) (Purchase) or Condition 17 (Meetings 
of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution Additional Issuers) (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification or substitution in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings 
of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution; Additional Issuers)) is subject to 
conditions compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event has occurred; 
or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes.

--- Page 121 ---
10244042842-v58
- 111 -
47-41044778
 
 
(o) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions), 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10(k) (Purchase), Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event), 
Condition 10(k) (Purchase) or Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; 
Substitution Additional Issuers) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or 
substitution in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; 
Substitution; Additional Issuers)) of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is 
subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such 
time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) 
or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event), 
qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of 
the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, 
including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to 
ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
11. 
Payments 
Payments under Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, and (ii) in 
the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of that currency.

--- Page 122 ---
10244042842-v58
- 112 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuers and (where applicable) the Guarantor have 
appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes 
in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such 
interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented for payment on redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) above shall be paid in the manner 
provided in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the Inflation-Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuers), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) 
(Payments in New York City) above).

--- Page 123 ---
10244042842-v58
- 113 -
47-41044778
 
 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims 
have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
Payments under Registered Notes 
(k) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a 
Registered Holder to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the 15th day 
before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of such currency, and (ii) in 
the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of that currency, and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(l) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a Registered 
Holder to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the 15th day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of such currency, and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency, and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(m) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(n) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of an Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the 
due date for payment. A Registered Holder shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business 
day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the mail. 
(o) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the relevant Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall procure that the amount and date of such

--- Page 124 ---
10244042842-v58
- 114 -
47-41044778
 
 
payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the 
relevant Note Certificate. 
(p) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
The following Condition 11(q) (Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity) shall apply to 
all Renminbi Notes in addition to the provisions governing payments under Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes above: 
(q) 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, is not able, or it would be impracticable for any of them, to satisfy payments of principal 
or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi in the Principal 
Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of that currency, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
days' irrevocable notice to the Principal Paying Agent and Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy their respective 
obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi-denominated amount. 
In such event, payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest amount 
in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on a 
bank in New York City and mailed to the Holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of the 
Renminbi Notes at its address appearing in the Register, or, upon application by the Holder of the 
Renminbi Notes to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
New York City. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(q): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, 
London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the 
relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi 
in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
Renminbi Notes as determined by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi 
Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant 
Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, other than where such impossibility is

--- Page 125 ---
10244042842-v58
- 115 -
47-41044778
 
 
due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Renminbi Notes and it is impossible 
for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the 
Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, 
from an account outside the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre 
(as applicable) of Renminbi to an account inside the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant 
Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi or from an account inside the Principal Financial Centre 
or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi to an account outside the 
Principal Financial Centre or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Renminbi 
Notes and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional 
Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/Renminbi exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial 
Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, as determined by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date, 
on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
rate is available, the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre 
or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date as the most 
recently available U.S. dollar/Renminbi official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means 
the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date promptly notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Paying Agents. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 11(q) by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or gross negligence) 
be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and all Holders of 
the Renminbi Notes. 
(r) 
Payments in Renminbi: Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payments in respect of the Notes to be 
made in Renminbi will be made in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
the settlement of Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial 
Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi) by credit or transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant 
Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi.

--- Page 126 ---
10244042842-v58
- 116 -
47-41044778
 
 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, present or future, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy, Australia, Ireland 
(where the Issuer is INSPIRE) or Luxembourg (where the Issuer is Intesa Luxembourg), or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or 
deduction shall be equal to the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Preferred Notes not 
qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only (if 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations), and interest, in case of any Notes, and which 
would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such withholding or deduction had been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment of any 
interest or principal: 
(i) 
(in respect of payments by Intesa Sanpaolo) for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at 
the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996 (as amended), the "Legislative Decree No. 239" or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended or supplemented) 
or any related implementing regulations and in all circumstances in which the procedures 
set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not 
been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or complied 
with due to the actions or omissions of Intesa Sanpaolo or its agents; 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) or (in 
respect of Notes issued by the Sydney Branch) Australia or (in respect of Notes 
issued by INSPIRE) Ireland or (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg) 
Luxembourg; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of 
Italy (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) or (in respect of Notes issued 
by the Sydney Branch) Australia or (in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE) 
Ireland or (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg) Luxembourg other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note 
or Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Business Day; or 
(E) 
(in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) in the event of payment to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, to the extent 
that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a 
non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time;

--- Page 127 ---
10244042842-v58
- 117 -
47-41044778
 
 
(iii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons, in a case where the Issuer receives a notice or 
direction under section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 
(Cth) of Australia, section 255 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) or any 
analogous provisions, any amounts paid or deducted from sums payable to the 
Noteholders by the Issuer in compliance with such notice or direction; or 
(iv) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons, in circumstances where such withholding or 
deduction would have been lawfully avoided if the holder or beneficial owner or any 
person acting on their behalf had provided to the Issuer an appropriate tax file number, 
Australian business number, or details of an exemption from providing those numbers. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
("FATCA Withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that 
is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
Withholding. The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor become subject 
to withholding tax as a result of the Issuer or Guarantor becoming resident, whether for tax 
purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, Australia, Ireland 
or Luxembourg as applicable, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy, Australia, 
Ireland or Luxembourg shall be construed as references to such other jurisdiction instead of the 
Republic of Italy, Australia, Ireland or Luxembourg. 
13. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed or in relation to the Notes provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, other than proceedings for compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated 
Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-
quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act of Intesa Sanpaolo in the Republic of Italy or for 
insolvency, dissolution, liquidation, or winding up or an analogous proceeding applicable to 
INSPIRE in Ireland or to Intesa Luxembourg in Luxembourg, be obliged to pay any sum or sums 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
The Trustee shall not in any event be bound to take any of the actions referred to in this Condition 
unless it shall have been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
of the Noteholders and unless it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction. 
(b) 
The Trustee may, at its discretion, or if so requested in writing by holders of at least one quarter in 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (subject 
to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or provided with security to its 
satisfaction), shall give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and 
payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their original 
outstanding principal amount on issue together with interest accrued as provided in the Trust Deed 
upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"): in the event of 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following 
of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance 
with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act of Intesa Sanpaolo in the Republic of 
Italy or insolvency, dissolution, liquidation, winding up or an analogous proceeding applicable to 
INSPIRE in Ireland or to Intesa Luxembourg in Luxembourg.

--- Page 128 ---
10244042842-v58
- 118 -
47-41044778
 
 
(c) 
No remedy against the Issuer other than (i) as provided by this Condition 13 or (ii) the instituting 
of proceedings for compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to 
Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione 
volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act in respect of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the Republic of Italy or for insolvency, dissolution, liquidation, winding up or 
an analogous proceeding applicable to INSPIRE in Ireland or to Intesa Luxembourg in 
Luxembourg, shall be available to the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
whether for the recovery of amounts owing under or in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or under 
the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed or in relation to the Notes or the Coupons or otherwise. 
(d) 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure shall 
be continuing and only to the extent that the Trustee would have been entitled to do so. 
(e) 
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency or 
liquidation in respect of the relevant Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not 
constitute an Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against each Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee of the Notes, as the case may be, will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case 
of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes the Registrar, 
(and, if the Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by 
the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Trustee and Agents 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking proceeds to enforce payment unless 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and 
expenses in priority to the claims of Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor and any entity related to the Issuer 
or, where applicable, the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor or, following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor 
reserve the right (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Principal 
Paying Agent and a Registrar;

--- Page 129 ---
10244042842-v58
- 119 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by any other relevant authority for which the rules require the 
appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
Guarantor shall maintain an Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by the 
rules of such stock exchange; and 
(d) 
the Issuer and (where applicable) the Guarantor undertake that they shall maintain a 
Paying Agent outside of the Republic of Italy and (in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE) 
outside of Ireland. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution; Additional Issuers 
(a) 
The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant Authority (if 
applicable). The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call) of the Noteholders to consider any matters affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions, the terms of 
the Notes, and the Trust Deed. The modification of certain terms, including, inter alia, the status 
of the Notes and the Coupons, the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, the principal 
amount thereof, the currency of payment thereof, the date for repayment of the Notes and any date 
for payment of, or the method of determining the rate of, interest thereon, may only be effected at 
a meeting of Noteholders to which special quorum provisions apply. Any resolution duly passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders and all the Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
(b) 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification (except as aforesaid) of these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, and the Coupons 
and may waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, and the Coupons 
which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and may agree, without consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. 
(c) 
The Trustee may (and in the case of an Approved Reorganisation shall) agree with the Issuer (or 
any previous substitute) and the Guarantor, if applicable, at any time without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders: 
(i) 
to the substitution in place of INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg (or of any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed by Intesa 
Sanpaolo or another subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo (the "Substitute"); or 
(ii) 
to an Approved Reorganisation; or 
(iii) 
that INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg (or any previous substitute) or Intesa Sanpaolo may, 
other than by means of an Approved Reorganisation, consolidate with, merge into or 
amalgamate with any Successor Company (as defined in the Trust Deed), 
provided that: 
(i) 
where (in the case of substitution) the Substitute is not Intesa Sanpaolo or (in the case of 
an Approved Reorganisation) the assumption of the obligations of INSPIRE and/or Intesa 
Luxembourg is by a Resulting Entity other than Intesa Sanpaolo or (in the case of a 
consolidation, merger or amalgamation) the assumption of the obligations of INSPIRE 
and/or Intesa Luxembourg is by a Successor Company other than Intesa Sanpaolo, the 
obligations of the Substitute or such other entity under the Trust Deed and the Notes and 
the Coupons shall be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Intesa Sanpaolo (on 
like terms as to subordination, if applicable) to those of the Guarantee of the Notes;

--- Page 130 ---
10244042842-v58
- 120 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
(other than in the case of an Approved Reorganisation) the Trustee is satisfied that the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby; 
(iii) 
if required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer or the Guarantor has 
obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority; and 
(iv) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed are satisfied. 
Upon the assumption of the obligations of an Issuer by a Substitute or of an Issuer by a Resulting 
Entity or of an Issuer by a Successor Company, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg or, as the case may 
be, Intesa Sanpaolo shall (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed) have no further liabilities 
under or in respect of the Trust Deed or the Notes or the Coupons. 
Any such assumption shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and to such 
amendment thereof and such other conditions as the Trustee may require. 
The Trust Deed provides that any such substitution, Approved Reorganisation or consolidation, 
merger or amalgamation shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices). In the case of a substitution, the relevant Issuer shall notify the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange thereof and prepare, or procure the preparation of, a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
in respect of the Programme. 
(d) 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(f) – (Interest – Floating Rate Notes reference SOFR (Screen 
Rate Determination)) and Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement) certain changes may be made 
to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Trustee. 
(e) 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including but not 
limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, replacement, 
transfer or substitution as aforesaid): 
(i) 
the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and in 
particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject 
to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory; and 
(ii) 
the Trustee shall not be entitled to claim from the Issuer or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for by Condition 12 (Taxation) or by any undertaking given in addition thereto 
or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
The Trustee may also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the 
addition of another company as an issuer of Notes under the Programme and the Trust Deed. Any 
such addition shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and to such amendment 
thereof as the Trustee may require. In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(j) (Benchmark 
Replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating 
Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the 
requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
(g) 
This Condition 17(g) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory 
Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then Intesa Sanpaolo may, subject to giving any 
notice required to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series) and having given 
not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Trustee and the Holders of 
Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the

--- Page 131 ---
10244042842-v58
- 121 -
47-41044778
 
 
Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities that would otherwise provide the Issuer with a 
right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 17(g) and the Trustee shall 
be obliged to effect such matters provided it would not, in the Trustee's sole opinion, have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
(h) 
This Condition 17(h) applies to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any 
time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power) with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of the Irish 
Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by INSPIRE, or Condition 25 
(Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued 
by Intesa Luxembourg, then the relevant Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the 
Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series, 
which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying 
Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (each as defined below), 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 17(h) and the Trustee shall 
be obliged to effect such matters provided it would not, in the Trustee's sole opinion, have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing 
the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in each of the above cases, if such publication is not practicable, in 
a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 132 ---
10244042842-v58
- 122 -
47-41044778
 
 
To Registered Holders 
Notices to the Registered Holders will be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. In addition, 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, notices to Registered Holders will be published on the date of such mailing 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange 
(which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such place will be Luxembourg and such 
newspaper is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, notices to Noteholders may (to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. Any such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Trust Deed and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and the Coupons, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that: 
(i) 
with respect to the Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo only, the provisions described in 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), Condition 4(a) (Status – 
Senior Preferred Notes), Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo) and Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa 
Sanpaolo) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with both 
such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Notes issued by INSPIRE only, the provisions described in 
Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of the Irish Bail-in Power) and Condition 4(a) (Status 
– Senior Preferred Notes) and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of Ireland; and

--- Page 133 ---
10244042842-v58
- 123 -
47-41044778
 
 
(iii) 
with respect to the Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg only, the provisions described in 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power) and Condition 4(a) 
(Status – Senior Preferred Notes) and any non contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of Luxembourg. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not 
apply to the Notes or the holders of the Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg. 
(b) 
In the Trust Deed, each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg has irrevocably 
agreed for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed 
and the Notes and the Coupons (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the foregoing) (respectively "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and for such purposes 
have irrevocably submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: In the Trust Deed each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg 
has irrevocably waived any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England 
being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, 
and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Process Agent: In the Trust Deed, each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg has 
agreed that the documents which start any Proceedings or any other documents required to be 
served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., London Branch which is presently at 90 Queen Street, London EC4N 1SA or its address 
for the time being. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of 
process on INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg's behalf or is not or ceases to be registered in England, 
Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg have agreed in the Trust Deed that they shall, 
on the written demand of the Trustee or, failing the Trustee, any Noteholder, addressed to the 
relevant Issuer and delivered to the relevant Issuer or to the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on their behalf and, failing 
such appointment within 15 days, the Trustee or, failing the Trustee, any Noteholder, shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to each of the Issuers or to the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of 
the Trustee or, failing the Trustee, any Noteholder, to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not 
be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether currently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
(f) 
Consent to enforcement etc: In the Trust Deed, each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg has consented generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or 
the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) the 
making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 23, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due

--- Page 134 ---
10244042842-v58
- 124 -
47-41044778
 
 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in 
respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of 
default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 23. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 23. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
24. 
Acknowledgement of the Irish Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 24, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in 
respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute a default or 
an Event of Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 24.

--- Page 135 ---
10244042842-v58
- 125 -
47-41044778
 
 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Irish Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Irish Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 24. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Irish Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
25. 
Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 25, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the 
Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue 
to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of 
the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an 
event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 25. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall notify the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power nor the effects on 
the Notes described in this Condition 25. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Luxembourg Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
10244042842-v58
- 126 -
47-41044778
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Conditions applicable to Global Notes". 
Further information related to Inflation-Linked Notes is contained in Annex 1 (Further information related 
to Inflation-Linked Notes) below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. acting through its Turin head office or its Sydney branch as 
Issuer ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Bank" or the "Issuer"), Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
("INSPIRE") and Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa Luxembourg") have 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
€70,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes guaranteed, in respect of Notes issued by 
INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg, by Intesa Sanpaolo pursuant to a deed of guarantee to be entered 
upon the issuance of such guaranteed notes. Under the Programme, Intesa Sanpaolo may issue 
notes governed by Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions governed 
by Italian law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement governed by Italian law 
dated 22 December 2022 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") between Intesa Sanpaolo and Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London 
Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as 
registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which 
expression includes any successor transfer agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes) and paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, the 
"Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection 
and obtainable free of charge by the public during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes the Registrar, and, in any event, at the 
Specified Office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection (or electronically) 
by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of 
holding and identity in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);

--- Page 137 ---
10244042842-v58
- 127 -
47-41044778
 
 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which is notified by the Issuers to 
the Fiscal Agent and Calculation Agent as being: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines and notifies the Fiscal Agent and the 
Calculation Agent is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(including any applicable transitional provisions) including, without limitation, the BRRD, the 
BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular 
No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer) or of the institutions of the 
European Union and standards and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Approved Reorganisation" means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation involving, alone or 
with others, the Issuer, and whether by way of consolidation, amalgamation, merger, transfer of all 
or substantially all of its business or assets, or otherwise provided that the principal resulting, 
surviving or transferee entity (a "Resulting Entity") is a banking company and effectively assumes 
all the obligations of the Issuer under, or in respect of, the Notes;

--- Page 138 ---
10244042842-v58
- 128 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures; and (iv) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Bearer Note" means a Note in bearer form; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of 
an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if applicable); 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Reference Rate 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or 
(mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant Benchmark, reference shall be 
made to the Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence 
of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to

--- Page 139 ---
10244042842-v58
- 129 -
47-41044778
 
 
time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform 
Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 140 ---
10244042842-v58
- 130 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own 
Funds to the extent required under the CRD IV Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition 
of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"CNY" or "Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the PRC; 
"Coupon" means an interest coupon relating to a Bearer Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the

--- Page 141 ---
10244042842-v58
- 131 -
47-41044778
 
 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) is so specified, 
means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement)) 
or "360/360" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where:

--- Page 142 ---
10244042842-v58
- 132 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period 
None of the  Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents or the Calculation Agents shall be responsible or liable 
for any action or inaction of the Independent Adviser or in respect of the determination of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, or any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments; 
"Delegated Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended and replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 143 ---
10244042842-v58
- 133 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from 
time to time; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation-Linked Notes), 
its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the 
relevant par value. In respect of Inflation-Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means 
an amount different from the relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that under no circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Holder" means a Registered Holder or, as the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Note; 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan capital, certificates of deposit, loan stock or other like instruments or securities 
offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placement, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration 
other than cash; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuers at their own expense which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, this will not be the Fiscal Agent; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 144 ---
10244042842-v58
- 134 -
47-41044778
 
 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group entities, existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including those relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated 
entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own 
Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are 
subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other 
instruments of ownership; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not 
constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Preferred Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group) 
does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as 
a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result of a 
purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute an MREL 
Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group, from time to time, 
(including any applicable transitional provisions) including, without limitation to the generality of 
the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted 
by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant Authority or the 
European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any of the 
preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations 
may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Note Certificate" means a certificate issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its registered 
holding of Notes;

--- Page 145 ---
10244042842-v58
- 135 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Bearer Note or, as the context requires, a Registered Holder; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(iii) 
if the currency of payment is Renminbi, a day (other than Saturday, Sunday, or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong/the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means Wellington; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 146 ---
10244042842-v58
- 136 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights 
as the Senior Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; 
(F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned 
to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless 
any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power, have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred 
Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of 
the Group, than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding 
the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
or the Group (as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the

--- Page 147 ---
10244042842-v58
- 137 -
47-41044778
 
 
Subordinated Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit 
ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation 
or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power); and (G) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of Registered Notes in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
"Registered Holder" means the person in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
"Registered Note" means a Note in registered form; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period

--- Page 148 ---
10244042842-v58
- 138 -
47-41044778
 
 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means a change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers 
to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from the 
classification as of the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in 
whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds and, in the event of any 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulations, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
as the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
"Relevant Authority" means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor 
authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the 
framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 ("SSM") and in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or, as the 
context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in Italy or in the European Union 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service and the Moneyline 
Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi Calculation Agent" means the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Spot Rate (as defined in Condition 10(q) (Inconvertibility, 
Non transferability or Illiquidity)) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 149 ---
10244042842-v58
- 139 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuer's Switch Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, at its sole absolute discretion, on 
one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 7(l) (Change of Interest Basis), 
to change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to 
Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) 
the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 150 ---
10244042842-v58
- 140 -
47-41044778
 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation is made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Notes in Bearer Form: Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if 
applicable) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the 
case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000, save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Senior Non-Preferred Note will be €150,000 (or, if the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such Specified Currency); and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Subordinated 
Note will be €200,000 (or, if the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a in a Specified Currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency). 
(d) 
Notes in Registered Form: Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denominations and may 
be held in holdings equal to the Specified Minimum Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and integral multiples equal to the Specified Increments (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
excess thereof (an "Authorised Holding"). 
(e) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A Note Certificate will be issued to each Registered Holder 
in respect of its holding of Notes. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. 
(f) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(g) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: Subject to Conditions 3(j) (Closed periods) and 3(k) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes

--- Page 151 ---
10244042842-v58
- 141 -
47-41044778
 
 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are Authorised Holdings. Where not all 
the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, 
a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(h) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(g) (Transfer of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each Registered Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Registered Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for 
the purpose by such Registered Holder. In this Condition 3(h), "business day" means a day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the 
city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(i) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuers, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(j) 
Closed periods: Registered Holders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(k) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuers with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Registered Holder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Preferred Notes and specified in the Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-
Preferred Senior Preferred Notes) ("Senior Preferred Notes"). 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the 
Issuer, present and future (other than obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by 
provision of law, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to 
qualify as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined 
under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes"). 
The obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of Intesa Sanpaolo, as defined under,

--- Page 152 ---
10244042842-v58
- 142 -
47-41044778
 
 
and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority) in respect of principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo, 
ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of Intesa Sanpaolo which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from 
the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or 
future obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of Intesa 
Sanpaolo, 
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from 
time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
and specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Circular No. 285, including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. Save as provided in Condition 4(c)(ii) (Status of disqualified 
Subordinated Notes), in the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of Legislative Decree of 1 
September 1993, No. 385 of the Republic of Italy as amended (the "Consolidated 
Banking Act") or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with 
Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, for so long as the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment 
obligations of Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of principal and interest under the Subordinated 
Notes will (A) be subordinated to the claims of the Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors (as 
defined below); (B) rank pari passu with Parity Creditors and (C) rank in priority to the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including the holders 
of notes which qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, if any). 
"Intesa Sanpaolo Senior Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims 
are admitted to proof in the winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo and who are either (a) 
unsubordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) or (b) creditors 
of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims against Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, 
subordinated in the event of the winding up of Intesa Sanpaolo but senior to the

--- Page 153 ---
10244042842-v58
- 143 -
47-41044778
 
 
Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, 
in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)). 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (including, without limitation, the 
Subordinated Noteholders, and the Subordinated Couponholders) whose claims against 
Intesa Sanpaolo are, or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in any manner to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor 
of Intesa Sanpaolo, but excluding those subordinated creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo (if any) 
whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior or senior to the claims of the 
Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders and/or to the claims of any 
other creditors of Intesa Sanpaolo whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
with the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated Couponholders or with 
whose claims the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Subordinated 
Couponholders rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu, including holders of present or 
future subordinated instruments which qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer. 
(ii) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their 
entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and: (A) at least pari passu with the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other 
subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments 
to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in 
part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital 
and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or 
future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(iii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under 
the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant 
Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss 
Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable 
law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(iv) 
Set-Off 
Neither any Subordinated Noteholder or Subordinated Couponholder may exercise or 
claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by Intesa Sanpaolo arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or Subordinated Coupons and each 
Subordinated Noteholder, and Subordinated Couponholder shall, by virtue of his 
subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or Subordinated Coupon, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply.

--- Page 154 ---
10244042842-v58
- 144 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest 
from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in this Condition 5. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro and Renminbi, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency, in the case of 
euro, means one cent and, in the case of Renminbi, means CNY 0.01. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the multiple of the product of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions, CMS Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation-Linked Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of 
the interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6 for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such 
Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in this Condition 6. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: Other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SARON and/or CMS and/or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms, if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner

--- Page 155 ---
10244042842-v58
- 145 -
47-41044778
 
 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
this will not be the Fiscal Agent) will request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(v) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined 
(the "Determined Rate"); 
(vi) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of 
(i) the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(vii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied 
by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be

--- Page 156 ---
10244042842-v58
- 146 -
47-41044778
 
 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement) below: 
(w) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(x) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(y) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (y): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
if, the relevant Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
this will not be the Fiscal Agent) will request the principal Relevant Financial

--- Page 157 ---
10244042842-v58
- 147 -
47-41044778
 
 
Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(ii) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the 
"Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by 
the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 6(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 158 ---
10244042842-v58
- 148 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
where if such number is not specified, 365; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms which shall not be less than three London Banking days at any time and 
shall, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest), be no less than 
five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or

--- Page 159 ---
10244042842-v58
- 149 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to 
Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(e), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period), in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 6(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(f):

--- Page 160 ---
10244042842-v58
- 150 -
47-41044778
 
 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 6(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuers determine that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including,

--- Page 161 ---
10244042842-v58
- 151 -
47-41044778
 
 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be 
less than three U.S. Government Securities Business days at any time and shall, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest), be no 
less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 6(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.

--- Page 162 ---
10244042842-v58
- 152 -
47-41044778
 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuers decide 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuers decide that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuers determine

--- Page 163 ---
10244042842-v58
- 153 -
47-41044778
 
 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issue determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event" below, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), (e) or (f) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event" below, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
the Benchmark has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Benchmark that it has ceased, or 
will cease, publishing such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Benchmark); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark that 
such Benchmark has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that means that such Benchmark will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Benchmark is no longer representative of 
an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant 
Benchmark (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if 
applicable). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the change of the Benchmark 
methodology does not constitute a Benchmark Transition Event. In the event of a change 
in the formula and/or (mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Relevant 
Benchmark, reference shall be made to the Benchmark based on the formula and/or 
methodology as changed. 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives

--- Page 164 ---
10244042842-v58
- 154 -
47-41044778
 
 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under 
Condition above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying 
Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 6(f); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) above and the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agents of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as 
aforesaid), be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to 
effect any Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement, provided it 
would not, in the Trsutee's, the Fiscal Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying 
Agent's opinion, have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the 
rights or protection, of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent in 
the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(vii) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 6(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last

--- Page 165 ---
10244042842-v58
- 155 -
47-41044778
 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 6(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR௜ ×  𝑛௜
D
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen

--- Page 166 ---
10244042842-v58
- 156 -
47-41044778
 
 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 6(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(e), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest

--- Page 167 ---
10244042842-v58
- 157 -
47-41044778
 
 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SARON (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 6(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SARON". 
(ii) 
Where "SARON" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(h): 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + SARON௜ିఘௌூ௑஻஽ ×  𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of SIX Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant SIX 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first SIX Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Remuneration Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
p SIX Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Remuneration Period (or

--- Page 168 ---
10244042842-v58
- 158 -
47-41044778
 
 
the date falling p SIX Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities are due and payable). 
"SIX Business Day" or "SIXBD" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which 
is not marked as currency holiday for CHF in the Trading & Currency Holiday Calendar 
published by SIX Swiss Exchange; 
"ni" for any SIX Business Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such SIX Business 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following SIX Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" SIX Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p SIX Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p SIX Business Day 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
SIX Business Day specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms provided that "p" shall not be less than five SIX 
Business Days without prior written approval of the Fiscal Agent; 
"SARON Reference Rate" means, in respect of any SIX Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") rate for such SIX Business 
Day as provided by the administrator of SARON to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the SIX Business Day 
immediately following such SIX Business Day; and 
"SARONi" means the SARON Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SIX Business Day falling "p" SIX Business Days prior to the relevant SIX 
Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms; the relevant SIX Business Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SARON 
only compounds the SARON Reference Rate in respect of any SIX Business Day. The 
SARON Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non- SIX Business Day will be taken by 
applying the SARON Reference Rate for the previous SIX Business Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any SIX Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Issuer or an Independent Advisor on the Issuer’s behalf determines 
that the SARON Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SARON Reference 
Rate shall, subject to subject to Security Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), 
be the SARON Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding SIX Business Day 
on which the SARON Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Rate of Interest Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(h) 
the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date,

--- Page 169 ---
10244042842-v58
- 159 -
47-41044778
 
 
the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Securities for the first 
Interest Period had the Securities been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) 
the Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the 
Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any 
other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (provided that such Reset 
Date shall not be less than five Business days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
unless expressly agreed with the Calculation Agent (or such other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest).; and 
(iv) 
if applicable, the "Applicable Benchmark", "Fixing Day", "Fixing Time" and/or 
any other items specified in the relevant Final Terms are as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The definition of 'Fallback Observation Day' in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: "Fallback Observation Day" means, 
in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period 
included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise 
agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. If "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then if the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative 
Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement: Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note 
for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if the Issuer (or the person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest

--- Page 170 ---
10244042842-v58
- 160 -
47-41044778
 
 
(or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and will notify the Fiscal Agent and 
Calculation Agent in either case and, an alternative screen page or source (the 
"Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later 
than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(j)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate and notifies 
the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent in customary market usage for the purposes 
of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, 
which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if (a) this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page the Issuers will notify the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent of such determination no later than ten (10) Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), or (b) in case the provisions relating 
to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or the provisions relating to the occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under this Condition 6(j) 
would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or an MREL Disqualification Event 
(as applicable), or (c) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes only, the provisions under this Condition 6(j) would result in the Relevant 
Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then the Reference Rate applicable to such 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the Relevant 
Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 6(j). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(j), none of 
the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
respect of any Benchmark Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Fiscal Agent

--- Page 171 ---
10244042842-v58
- 161 -
47-41044778
 
 
or the Calculation Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Calculation Agent or 
the Fiscal Agent (as applicable) in the Principal Agency Agreement and/or these 
Conditions."; 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the 
benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(j)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that (a) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (b) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify amendments to 
the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to 
the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in 
order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which amendments shall apply to the Notes 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(j)); 
and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment 
Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) 
above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). Prior to any amendment being effected under this Condition 6(j)  
due to a Benchmark Event (each, a "Benchmark Amendment") taking effect, the Issuer 
shall provide a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent confirming, in the Issuer's reasonable opinion 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser), (i) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), (iii) 
where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, the terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments in each case determined in accordance with this Condition 6 
that such Benchmark Amendments are necessary to give effect to any application of this 
Condition 6 and the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate without further enquiry or liability to any person. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent 
shall not be liable to the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person for so 
acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or 
may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent ability to rely on such certificate (as aforesaid) 
will be binding on the Issuer, the Agents (or such other Calculation Agent specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), the other Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
(viii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(j)(vii) above and 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 172 ---
10244042842-v58
- 162 -
47-41044778
 
 
and the Paying Agent of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as aforesaid), 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement), provided it 
would not, in the Fiscal Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agent's opinion, 
have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protection, of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent in the 
Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ix) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j), if in the Calculation Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 7(j)6(j), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation 
Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(k) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(l) 
Change of Interest Basis. If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or this Condition 6, each applicable only for the relevant 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one 
or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a 
"Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the 
Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than 
one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding 
the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the 
Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective 
Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option 
has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuers shall no longer 
be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(m) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount 
of such Note during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a

--- Page 173 ---
10244042842-v58
- 163 -
47-41044778
 
 
Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Interest Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(n) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(o) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
(p) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
 Inflation-Linked Note 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation-Linked Notes Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
 Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes, 
for each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party 
specified in the Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of 
Condition 6(k) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) above shall apply as appropriate. 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if Index Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be 
equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in 
month (t), the value calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 174 ---
10244042842-v58
- 164 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] 
Inflation-Linked Notes may be (i) 100% of the Nominal Amount of the Notes or (ii) (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be 
calculated on the [Maturity Date/ relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the 
following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index (t)/Inflation 
Index (0))] 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the 
Maturity Date falls; and 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in 
the calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls. 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum 
amount (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no 
circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Nominal Amount of 
the Notes. 
(iii) 
Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this 
Condition 7 or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 7, 
each Inflation-Linked Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation-Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
such other events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or

--- Page 175 ---
10244042842-v58
- 165 -
47-41044778
 
 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, 
or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the 
Issuers, any of its affiliates or any other Hedging Party). 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior 
to any due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant 
Determination Date is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an 
Inflation Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the 
level of such Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month 
which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in 
respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation 
the relevant Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which 
is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after 
the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest 
maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in limb (a) or (b) above is selected by the 
Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the 
European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that 
is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, 
Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is 
calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each 
case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation 
Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior 
sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond 
redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk 
of the Issuer) issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any 
other party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign

--- Page 176 ---
10244042842-v58
- 166 -
47-41044778
 
 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that 
publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index 
which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index 
is reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information 
is published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was 
reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which 
the Relevant Level is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Fallback Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall 
use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related 
Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable 
Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: 
Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above. 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect 
of an Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then 
the Relevant Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference 
Month subject to such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not 
able to determine a Substitute Index Level under Condition 7(a)(i) (Rate 
of Interest – Inflation-Linked Notes) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms,

--- Page 177 ---
10244042842-v58
- 167 -
47-41044778
 
 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior 
to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuers shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition 7(a)(ii) 
(Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes) above, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Lev. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time 
on or after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this 
Condition 7 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not 
been published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the 
"Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation-Linked Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event 
has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 7(iv)(A)(1) (Delay in Publication) above), a successor 
inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, 
such successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation 
Index" notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may 
previously have been determined under Conditions 7(iv)(B)(2), 
7(iv)(B)(3) or 7(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 7(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an 
announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation 
Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the 
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation-Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect;

--- Page 178 ---
10244042842-v58
- 168 -
47-41044778
 
 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 7(iv)(B)(1) or 7(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index 
for the Inflation Index should be. If four or five responses are received 
and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index". If three responses are received and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are received or 
no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this Condition 
7(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 7(iv)(B)(4) 
below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Conditions 7(iv)(B)(1), 7(iv)(B)(2) and 7(iv)(B)(3) above by the 
next occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-
Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index in relation to Inflation-Linked Notes, on giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Issuer 
shall redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the 
Inflation-Linked Notes, each Inflation-Linked Note being redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be 
rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will 
be used for purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so 
that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to 
the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the 
Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments 
made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index 
necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar 
days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index 
Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error 
in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such

--- Page 179 ---
10244042842-v58
- 169 -
47-41044778
 
 
adjustments to the terms of the Inflation-Linked Notes as it determines 
appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any 
such adjustments in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may at its option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of 
the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation-Linked 
Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
The redemption or cancellation referred to in this Condition 7(a)(iv) 
(Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions) shall be subject to (i) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 9(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 9(n) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index 
or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to 
be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the 
Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. 
Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation 
Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person 
of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. The Issuer shall have no liability 
to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. 
Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor their affiliates have any affiliation with or control over the 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from 
publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or 
the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of 
information concerning the Inflation Index. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 180 ---
10244042842-v58
- 170 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased, or cancelled, the Subordinated Notes will be redeemed 
in whole at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, in the manner provided for in 
Condition 10 (Payments). The Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase the 
Subordinated Notes only in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR being met and not prior to five (5) years from their Issue Date, except where 
the conditions set out in (i) Article 78(4) of the CRR, or (ii) in the case of repurchases for market 
making purposes, Article 29 of the Delegated Regulation, are met (see Condition 9(b) (Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons), 
Condition 
9(c) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Issuer), 
Condition 9(f)(Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 
Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 9(k) (Purchase), Condition 
9(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes) 
and Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuers in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation-Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation-
Linked Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if (1) the Issuers have or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy, or any political subdivision or any 
authority or agency thereof or therein, or any change in the application or interpretation or 
administration of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment (such change or 
amendment being material and not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuers taking reasonable measures 
available to it (any such event, a "Tax Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders 
a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuers are entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions

--- Page 181 ---
10244042842-v58
- 171 -
47-41044778
 
 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to 
in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 9(b)  shall be subject 
to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 9(b) shall be subject to Condition 9(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 9(c) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the redemption referred to in this 
Condition 9(c) shall be subject to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to 
in this Condition 9(c) shall be subject to Condition 9(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: 
(i) 
Partial Redemption of Bearer Notes: If Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on 
any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so 
to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(ii) 
Partial Redemption of Registered Notes: If Registered Notes are to be redeemed in part 
only on any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), each Registered Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registered Notes to be redeemed on the 
relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Registered Notes on such date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put)

--- Page 182 ---
10244042842-v58
- 172 -
47-41044778
 
 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Put Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 9(e) for full 
information on any Put Option. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any 
Note must, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with any Agent 
such Note together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Agent. The Agent with which 
a Note is so deposited shall immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 
9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of Note for 
all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer notify the Noteholders of the occurrence 
of a Regulatory Event, the Issuer may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by 
applicable law or regulation) the Issuer has given not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice to the Agents and the Noteholders of such Subordinated Notes (such 
notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 9(f) shall be subject to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
due to an MREL Disqualification Event: If redemption at the option of the Issuer due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and the Agents, redeem the 
Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, then 
outstanding at any time (if the Senior Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior 
Preferred Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked 
Note), if the Issuer determines that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(g), the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(g). 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 9(g) shall be subject to Condition 9(o) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(h) 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any 
higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt 
includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first

--- Page 183 ---
10244042842-v58
- 173 -
47-41044778
 
 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at their option, and having given to the 
Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption 
Notice"), in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at 
their clean-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption 
identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 9(h) shall be subject 
to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this 
Condition 9(h) shall be subject to Condition 9(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Coniditions 9(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event) 
above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(j) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such request is made to 
and accepted by the respective Issuer). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time, including for market making purposes, purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. The repurchases referred to in this Condition 9(k) shall be subject 
to Condition 9(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes) and  Condition 9(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuers and any unmatured Coupons attached to or 
surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo be lower than the principal amount of the Notes. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of such Notes in accordance with Condition 7(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And 
Disruption Provisions), Condition 9 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
purposes (Regulatory Call)), Condition 9(h) (Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 9(k) (Purchase) or Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; 
Substitution) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with

--- Page 184 ---
10244042842-v58
- 174 -
47-41044778
 
 
Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution)) is subject to 
conditions compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 9(f) (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event has occurred; 
or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 
per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from 
time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
(o) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay and Disruption Provisions), 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 9(k) (Purchase), Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event), 
Condition 9(h) (Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 16 (Meetings of

--- Page 185 ---
10244042842-v58
- 175 -
47-41044778
 
 
Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification in accordance with Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; 
Substitution)) of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent 
such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that 
are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a 
redemption pursuant to Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL 
Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to 
ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions 
set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
10. 
Payments 
Payments under Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, and (ii) in 
the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in Condition 10(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuers have appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make

--- Page 186 ---
10244042842-v58
- 176 -
47-41044778
 
 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment 
is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented for payment on redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to paragraph (i) above shall be paid in the manner 
provided in Condition 10(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the Inflation-Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuers), Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, 
if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any

--- Page 187 ---
10244042842-v58
- 177 -
47-41044778
 
 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
Payments under Registered Notes 
(k) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a 
Registered Holder to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the 15th day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by 
the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of such currency, and (ii) in the case of 
Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial Centre of that 
currency, and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(l) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on or, upon application by a Registered 
Holder to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the 15th day before the due date 
for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre and each (if any) Additional Financial Centre of such 
currency, and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, and (in 
the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(m) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(n) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of an Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the 
due date for payment. A Registered Holder shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business 
day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the mail. 
(o) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(p) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date.

--- Page 188 ---
10244042842-v58
- 178 -
47-41044778
 
 
The following Condition 10(q) (Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity) shall apply to 
all Renminbi Notes in addition to the provisions governing payments under Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes above: 
(q) 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuers are not able, or it would be 
impracticable for any of them, to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in 
respect of Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant 
Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of that currency, each Issuer on giving not less than 
five nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy their 
respective obligations in respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the 
due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi-denominated amount. 
In such event, payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest amount 
in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on a 
bank in New York City and mailed to the Holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of the 
Renminbi Notes at its address appearing in the Register, or, upon application by the Holder of the 
Renminbi Notes to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
New York City. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10(q): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, 
London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the 
relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest 
and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Renminbi Notes as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Renminbi Notes 
and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation); 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant 
Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, from an account outside the Principal 
Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi to an 
account inside the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of 
Renminbi or from an account inside the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional 
Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi to an account outside the Principal Financial Centre

--- Page 189 ---
10244042842-v58
- 179 -
47-41044778
 
 
or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date of the Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional 
Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/Renminbi exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the Principal Financial 
Centre or the relevant Additional Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, as determined by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date, 
on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
rate is available, the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre 
or such relevant Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date as the most 
recently available U.S. dollar/Renminbi official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means 
the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date promptly notified to the Issuer and the Paying Agents. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 10(q) by 
the Renminbi Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or gross negligence) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Holders of the Renminbi Notes. 
(r) 
Payments in Renminbi: Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payments in respect of the Notes to be 
made in Renminbi will be made in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
the settlement of Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre or the relevant Additional Financial 
Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi) by credit or transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre or such relevant 
Additional Financial Centre of Renminbi. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, present or future, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding 
or deduction shall be equal to the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Preferred Notes not 
qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only (if 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations), and interest, in case of any Notes, and which 
would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such withholding or deduction had been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment of any 
interest or principal either:

--- Page 190 ---
10244042842-v58
- 180 -
47-41044778
 
 
(i) 
for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as amended), the "Legislative 
Decree No. 239" or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 
21 November 1997 (as amended or supplemented) or any related implementing 
regulations and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not been met or complied 
with except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions 
or omissions of Intesa Sanpaolo or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) or (in 
respect of Notes issued by the Sydney Branch) Australia; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of 
Italy (in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo) or (in respect of Notes issued 
by the Sydney Branch) Australia other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note 
or Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Business Day; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time; 
(iii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons, in a case where the Issuer receives a notice or 
direction under section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 
(Cth) of Australia, section 255 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) or any 
analogous provisions, any amounts paid or deducted from sums payable to the 
Noteholders by the Issuer in compliance with such notice or direction; or 
(iv) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons, in circumstances where such withholding or 
deduction would have been lawfully avoided if the holder or beneficial owner or any 
person acting on their behalf had provided to the Issuer an appropriate tax file number, 
Australian business number, or details of an exemption from providing those numbers. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA Withholding") as a 
result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not 
being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such 
FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other 
party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by each Issuer become subject to withholding tax as a result 
of each Issuer becoming resident, whether for tax purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction

--- Page 191 ---
10244042842-v58
- 181 -
47-41044778
 
 
other than the Republic of Italy or Australia, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy 
or Australia shall be construed as references to such other jurisdiction instead of the Republic of 
Italy or Australia. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the relevant Issuer 
pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up 
(liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the relevant Issuer 
and delivered to the relevant Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its 
outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or 
formality. 
(b) 
No remedy (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) against the relevant Issuer other 
than as specifically provided by this Condition 12 (Events of Default) shall be available to the 
Fiscal Agent or to the holders of the Notes and the related Coupons, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the related Coupons or in respect of any breach by the 
relevant Issuer of any of its obligations under the Notes and the related Coupons or otherwise. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the relevant Issuer of any amount due and payable 
under these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in 
relation to the relevant Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
(d) 
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency or 
liquidation in respect of the relevant Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the relevant Issuer shall 
not constitute an Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuers for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case 
of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes the Registrar, (and, if the 
Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such stock 
exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent;

--- Page 192 ---
10244042842-v58
- 182 -
47-41044778
 
 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by any other relevant authority for which the rules require the 
appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain an Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such stock exchange; and 
(d) 
the Issuer undertake that they shall maintain a Paying Agent outside of the Republic of 
Italy. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant Authority (if 
applicable). The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way 
of conference call) of the Noteholders to consider any matters affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions, the terms 
of the Notes, and the Agency Agreement. The modification of certain terms, including, inter alia, 
the status of the Notes and the Coupons, the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, the 
principal amount thereof, the currency of payment thereof, the date for repayment of the Notes and 
any date for payment of, or the method of determining the rate of, interest thereon, may only be 
effected at a meeting of Noteholders to which special quorum provisions apply. Any resolution 
duly passed at a meeting of Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders and all the 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
(b) 
The Notes, the Coupons and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuers shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Issuers, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required for an Approved Reorganisation, 
provided that: (A) if required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuers have obtained 
the prior permission of the Relevant Authority; and (B) the Issuers shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, 
to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders, a certificate signed by two directors of 
each Issuer stating that: 
(i) 
immediately prior to the assumption of its obligations, the Resulting Entity is solvent 
after taking account of all prospective and contingent liabilities resulting from its 
becoming the Resulting Entity; and 
(ii) 
the proposed consolidation, merger or amalgamation will be an Approved 
Reorganisation. 
Any Approved Reorganisation shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
(d) 
This Condition 16(d) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory 
Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series) and having given not less 
than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of 
Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time vary the terms 
of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself give rise 
to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities that would otherwise provide 
the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation of the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 16(d) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such

--- Page 193 ---
10244042842-v58
- 183 -
47-41044778
 
 
matters provided it would not, in the Fiscal Agent's sole opinion, have the effect of increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Fiscal Agent in the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(e) 
This Condition 16(e) applies to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any 
time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuers 
may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 
(thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at 
any time vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (each as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuers to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or 
variation (as applicable) of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 16(e) and the Fiscal Agent 
shall be obliged to effect such matters provided it would not, in the Fiscal Agent's sole opinion, 
have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the 
Fiscal Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in each of the above cases, if such publication is not practicable, in 
a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Registered Holders 
Notices to the Registered Holders will be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. In addition, 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, notices to Registered Holders will be published on the date of such mailing 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange 
(which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such place will be Luxembourg and such 
newspaper is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or

--- Page 194 ---
10244042842-v58
- 184 -
47-41044778
 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant 
clearing system or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, notices to Noteholders may (to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or any other exchange on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system. Any such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the 
foregoing, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Intesa Sanpaolo irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of Milan are to have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the foregoing) (respectively 
"Proceedings" and "Disputes") and for such purposes irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Intesa Sanpaolo irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or 
hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any 
Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a 
convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not 
be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether currently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
(e) 
Consent to enforcement etc: Intesa Sanpaolo consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to 
the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including 
(without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in 
such Proceedings. 
21. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the 
BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 21, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i)

--- Page 195 ---
10244042842-v58
- 185 -
47-41044778
 
 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in 
respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of 
default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 21. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from which 
the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify 
the holders of the Notes without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 21. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
10244042842-v58
- 186 -
47-41044778
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note 
which, for so long as the Bearer Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case 
of a Classic Global Note, or a common safekeeper, in the case of a New Global Note for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Bearer Global Note or a Global Registered Note 
(each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) to the holder of such Bearer Global Note or 
Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Bearer Global Note or Global 
Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under the Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Bearer Global Note or Global Registered 
Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuers or the Guarantor in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered 
Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Bearer Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following 
is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate 
or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any 
Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Bearer Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a Classic Global Note the payment is 
noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of a New Global Note the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Bearer Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, a "Payment 
Business Day" shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System

--- Page 197 ---
10244042842-v58
- 187 -
47-41044778
 
 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified 
in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to 
the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, while all the Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) 
or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 198 ---
10244042842-v58
- 188 -
47-41044778
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the [Notes] is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined,

--- Page 199 ---
10244042842-v58
- 189 -
47-41044778
 
 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be "qualifying debt securities" (as defined in 
the Income Tax Act, 1947 of Singapore): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any 
Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities 
(subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the "ITA") shall not apply if 
such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption 
premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described 
above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. [acting through its Sydney branch]/ 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c./ 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. a public limited liability company (société anonyme) 
incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a credit institution, having its 
registered office at 28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, Luxembourg, L-1821, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
and registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B13859] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
(Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg only) [Guaranteed by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.] 
under the €70,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes]/[Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 22 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement dated [ 
]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered office[s] of the 
Issuer at [2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC Dublin 1, Ireland and of the 
Guarantor at]/[28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
of the Guarantor at]/[Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin, Italy] and from Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. at 28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
during usual business hours of any weekday (Saturdays and bank holidays excepted) and free of charge. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under the 2021 Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes]/[Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus

--- Page 200 ---
10244042842-v58
- 190 -
47-41044778
 
 
dated 22 December 2021 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 
2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the [Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes] which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 and are 
attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated 22 December 2021 and 22 December 
2022 [and the supplement dated [•]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement] are available for viewing 
at the registered office[s] of the Issuer at [2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC 
Dublin, Ireland and of the Guarantor at]/[ 28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, and of the Guarantor at]/[Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin, Italy] and from Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. at 28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, during usual business hours of any weekday (Saturdays and bank holidays excepted) and 
free of charge. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1.
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
Date on which the Notes become fungible 
Not Applicable / The Notes will be consolidated, 
form a single Series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with (identify earlier Tranches) 
on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [27] 
below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]] 
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ] (insert date, if 
applicable)] 
5.
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof 
up to and including [•]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[•].] 
 
 
(Unless paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) below 
specifies that the Global Note is to be exchanged 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
"in 
the 
limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of 
the minimum denomination and may only be 
traded in such amounts, whether in global or

--- Page 201 ---
10244042842-v58
- 191 -
47-41044778
 
 
definitive form. Where paragraph 29 (Form of 
Notes) does so specify, Notes may be issued in 
denominations of €100,000 and higher integral 
multiples of €1,000 up to a maximum of 
€199,000, as applicable). 
(The minimum denomination of Notes admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
of such currency).) 
(In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€150,000 (or equivalent), or in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €200,000 (or equivalent)) (or 
such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time). 
 
(i) 
Specified Minimum Amounts: 
[•] [For Registered Notes only.] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Increments: 
[•] [For Registered Notes only.] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6.
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7.
Maturity Date: 
[•] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the relevant 
month and year) 
 
 
(N.B. For Renminbi Notes subject to the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions where the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification it will be 
necessary to specify the Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year.) 
8.
Interest Basis: 
[% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked] 
 
 
[[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest]] 
[Floating Rate: EURIBOR Linked Interest]

--- Page 202 ---
10244042842-v58
- 192 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: SARON Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked] 
10.
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed or floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 14 below and identify there) [•]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 19 
below)] 
11.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12.
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes//Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Date of Deed of Guarantee: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. For a guaranteed issuance, a separate 
Deed of Guarantee has to be entered into upon 
each issuance of Notes – see form of Deed of 
Guarantee in the Trust Deed) 
 
 
(N.B. If the issue is a fungible issue state that the 
issue will be covered by a Deed of Guarantee 
entered into on [date] in relation to the first issue 
of the Series)

--- Page 203 ---
10244042842-v58
- 193 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[[•] [and [•], respectively]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee of the 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [adjusted in accordance with (specify 
Business Day Convention6 and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day")/[not adjusted]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
any long or short coupons.) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/(insert 
the 
following alternative wording if Notes are issued 
in Renminbi)[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.05 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / 
(Insert for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes) [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date [in/on] [•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether CMS, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, 
SARON or SOFR is the appropriate reference 
rate) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
 
6 
Modified Following Business Day Convention is applicable for Renminbi denominated fixed rate Notes.

--- Page 204 ---
10244042842-v58
- 194 -
47-41044778
 
 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due)). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Conditions 11(g) 
and (n) (Payments on business days) and the 
defined term "Payment Business Day" of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Conditions 10(g) and (n) (Payments on 
business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day" of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
party 
responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent) 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
(For example, [EURIBOR Reference Rate] / 
[SONIA Reference Rate] / [SOFR Reference 
Rate] / [CMS Reference Rate] / [€STR Reference 
Rate] / [SARON Reference Rate]) 
 
 
Reference Currency: [•] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [•]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 
1 and the CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 2] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
  
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Shift Period 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 205 ---
10244042842-v58
- 195 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions)] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360 – or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of 
each interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second (specify 
type of day) prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time) 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)) 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.] 
 
 
Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event 
in 
case 
of 
a 
Benchmark Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event in 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 206 ---
10244042842-v58
- 196 -
47-41044778
 
 
case 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Event: 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period. [In the case of a CMS 
Linked Interest Note, if based on euro then the 
first day of each Interest Period and] if otherwise 
to be checked) 
 
(ix) 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] / [2006 ISDA 
Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
[Applicable Benchmark 
[• / Not Applicable] 
 
 
Fixing Day 
[•] 
 
 
Fixing Time 
[•] 
 
 
Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
[• / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum [/ Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Multiplier: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 – or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15.
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [•],

--- Page 207 ---
10244042842-v58
- 197 -
47-41044778
 
 
then calculated in accordance with paragraph 14 
above.] 
16.
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[(Floating Rate)] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [•], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 13 
above.] 
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a 
Day Count Fraction for the purposes of 
Condition 11(i) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and Condition 10(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) 
18.
 Inflation-Linked Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[[CPI/RPI/HICP]] 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Index Sponsor 
[•] (Specify the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor) 
 
(iii) 
Index Factor 
[•] (Specify the relevant Index Factor) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
party 
responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Principal Paying Agent is to 
perform this function) 
 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts 
the length of the Interest Period and the amount 
of interest due). In relation to the actual date on 
which Noteholders are entitled to receive 
payment of interest, see also Condition 11(g) and

--- Page 208 ---
10244042842-v58
- 198 -
47-41044778
 
 
(n) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10(g) and (n) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(Payments on business days) and the defined 
term "Payment Business Day".) 
 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Margin 
[•] [insert Margin per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiv) 
Commencement Date of the Index: 
[•] (indicate the relevant commencement month 
of the retail price index) 
 
(xv) 
Reference Month: 
[•] 
 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
(xvii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [•] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [•] 
 
(xviii) Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 7 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes]/[specify other] 
 
(xx) 
End Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(xxi) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
(xxii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
19.
Change of Interest Basis Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to paragraphs 
13 and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating 
or fixed reset rate change occurs) 
 
(i) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable] – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 209 ---
10244042842-v58
- 199 -
47-41044778
 
 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise 
of the Switch Option to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[•] 
20.
(only to be included if Notes are issued in 
Renminbi) Party responsible for calculating 
the amount the Spot Rate pursuant to the 
Illiquidity, 
Inconvertibility 
or 
Non-transferability of Notes issued in 
Renminbi 
[[•] 
shall 
be 
the 
Renminbi 
Calculation 
Agent][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21.
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•]  
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
22.
[Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 210 ---
10244042842-v58
- 200 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee.)] 
23.
[Clean-up Redemption Option 
 
(i) Clean-up Percentage: 
(ii) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[75 per cent. / [•] per cent] 
[•]] 
24.
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25.
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
26.
Final Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[ Inflation-Linked 
Note] (for Inflation-Linked Notes, to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(a) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 7(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes ( Inflation-
Linked Note Provisions)) 
27.
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for Tax Event 
or Regulatory Event or MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
/ 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[As per Condition 10(b) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes] 
[See also paragraph 24 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
[See also paragraph 25 (Issuer Call due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event)] (Delete this 
cross-reference unless the Notes are Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and the Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable) 
28.
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 211 ---
10244042842-v58
- 201 -
47-41044778
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29.
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] 
 
 
(In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
"exchangeable 
to 
Definitive 
Notes" 
in 
circumstances other than "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Note", 
such Notes may only be issued in denominations 
equal to or greater than, €100,000 or, at the 
option of the Issuer.) 
30.
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes/No] 
31.
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
32.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 212 ---
10244042842-v58
- 202 -
47-41044778
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
1.
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[•] with effect from [•].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•]] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected]/[are not expected]] to be rated: 
 
 
[S & P's Global Ratings: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings: [•]] 
 
 
[DBRS Morningstar: [•]] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu./]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No

--- Page 213 ---
10244042842-v58
- 203 -
47-41044778
 
 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu./]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of

--- Page 214 ---
10244042842-v58
- 204 -
47-41044778
 
 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu./]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European

--- Page 215 ---
10244042842-v58
- 205 -
47-41044778
 
 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[ 
Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA 
Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 216 ---
10244042842-v58
- 206 -
47-41044778
 
 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement) 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4.
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus. [If reasons for offer different from 
making profit general corporate purposes (for 
example for a Green Bond, a Climate Bond, a 
Social Bond, or an issuance of a Sustainability 
Bond, will need to include those reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
[(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)] 
5.
Fixed Rate Notes only YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 217 ---
10244042842-v58
- 207 -
47-41044778
 
 
6.
Floating Rate Notes CMS Linked Interest Notes only 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/CMS/€STR/SARON Rate] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters]/ [•]. 
 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/CMS/€STR/SARON 
Rate] which is provided by [[European Money 
Markets Institute/The Bank of England/Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York/ICE Benchmark 
Administration/specify other]. As at [insert date] 
[European Money Markets Institute/The Bank of 
England/Federal Reserve Bank of New York/ 
ICE Benchmark Administration/specify other], 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011) (the "BMR"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [the Bank of 
England][ the Federal Reserve of New York] [•] 
does/do] not fall within the scope of the BMR by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [•] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]] 
7.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[(Relevant third party information in respect of the Notes) has been sourced from (specify 
source). [Each of] the Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
8.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
CFI: 
[•]/Not Applicable] as published on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN. 
 
FISN: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] as published on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 218 ---
10244042842-v58
- 208 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. Luxembourg 
(the "ICSDs") as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper),][include 
this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected, in which case 
the Notes must be issued in New Global Notes 
form) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV [,/and] Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification numbers: 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s), number(s) and 
addresses)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s)(if any): 
[•]/[Not applicable] 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices 
for the purposes of Condition 19 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 18 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the 
day on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
9.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
[Green/Sustainable/Social] Bond 
[Yes/Not Applicable]

--- Page 219 ---
10244042842-v58
- 209 -
47-41044778
 
 
(i) Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
(ii) Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[insert name of relevant external reviewer] 
[date] 
10.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(C) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name and addresses)] 
 
[(D) 
Names and addresses of 
entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading 
providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and 
description of the main 
terms 
of 
their 
commitment:] 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S compliance category: [•] 
 
 
[TEFRA D] 
 
 
[TEFRA C] 
 
 
[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 220 ---
10244042842-v58
- 210 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)

--- Page 221 ---
10244042842-v58
- 211 -
47-41044778
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus, relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, for general funding purposes of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group, or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
relating to the issuance, to finance or refinance Eligible Loans (possibly including climate projects, certified 
as such by the Climate Bonds Standard and Certification Scheme). 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Loans, and complying with 
the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined below) and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor 
relations 
section 
of 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-bonds (the "Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework") (including as amended, restated or otherwise updated on such 
website from time to time) will be classified as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, 
Sustainability Bonds. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Eligible Loans means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 222 ---
10244042842-v58
- 212 -
47-41044778
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO S.P.A. 
History and Organisation of the Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in the 
business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in this 
sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, acquiring 
equity investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The company 
merged by incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and constitutional 
objects. Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde S.p.A. ("Cariplo") in 
January 1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca Intesa. Then, in 2001, 
Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into Gruppo Banca Intesa and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". On 1 January 2003 the corporate 
name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare 
Italiano S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help the 
needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively developed into 
a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit institution (Istituto di 
Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded its network nationwide 
through a number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional banks, ultimately reaching the 
level of a multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its acquisition of Crediop. On 31 
December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario 
San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit 
and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and 
financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of Sanpaolo 
IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 2007. The 
surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorization given by the European Central 
Bank, the plan for the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with the 
Companies Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo on 5 May 2020 and by the shareholders' meeting of Banca IMI S.p.A., was completed on 20 July 
2020. 
UBI Banca S.p.A. 
Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca") is the entity resulting from the merger by incorporation 
of Banca Lombarda e Piemontese S.p.A. into Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.a. (the "Merger"). The Merger 
became legally effective on 1 April 2007, with the surviving entity, BPU, changing its name to UBI Banca. 
On 12 October 2015, UBI Banca was the first Italian banca popolare to become a Joint Stock Company 
(S.p.A.). On 12 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of UBI Banca appointed a Board of

--- Page 223 ---
10244042842-v58
- 213 -
47-41044778
 
 
Directors and a Management Control Committee for the three-year period 2019-2020-2021, implementing 
the one-tier governance model adopted on 19 October 2018 through the resolution of a shareholders' 
meeting in extraordinary session. 
The merger between Intesa Sanpaolo and UBI Banca 
Intesa Sanpaolo acquired the control of UBI Banca on 5 August 2020 and merged it by incorporation on 12 
April 2021. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy and registered 
with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 00799960158. It is also registered on the 
National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the parent company of "Gruppo Intesa Sanpaolo". Intesa 
Sanpaolo operates subject to the Banking Law. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone number 
is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 Milan (Italy). 
Website 
Intesa Sanpaolo's website is https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo mission 
The purpose of Intesa Sanpaolo is the deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending activities, 
both directly and through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may, in compliance with laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time and subject to being granted the required authorisations, directly and through 
its subsidiaries, provide all banking and financial services, including the establishment and management of 
open-ended and closed-ended pension schemes, as well as carry out any other transactions that are 
instrumental for, or related to, the achievement of its corporate purpose. 
Ratings 
The credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo are the following: 
 
BBB (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar"); 
 
BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"); 
 
Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"); and 
 
BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings"). 
Each of DBRS Morningstar, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 21 October 2022) on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
The rating (i) Moody's will give to the Notes is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, (ii) S&P Global 
Ratings will give to the Notes is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, (iii) Fitch Ratings will give 
to the Notes is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, and (iv) DBRS Morningstar will give to the Notes is endorsed 
by DBRS Ratings Limited, each of which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").

--- Page 224 ---
10244042842-v58
- 214 -
47-41044778
 
 
Share Capital 
As at 17 October 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo's issued and paid-up share capital amounted to €10,368,870,930.08, 
divided into 18,988,803,160 ordinary shares without nominal value. Since 17 October 2022, there has been 
no change to Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital. 
The Issuers are not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of any of the Issuers. 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions as at 1 October 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director 
and CEO  
C. Messina 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banca dei 
Territori(*) 
Division 
 
IMI Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking Division
 
International 
Subsidiary 
Banks Division 
 
Private 
Banking 
Division 
 
Asset 
Management 
Division 
 
Insurance 
Division 
S. Barrese 
 
M. Micillo 
 
M. E. Rottigni 
 
T. Corcos 
 
S. Perissinotto 
 
N.M. Fioravanti 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo; 
 
Banca 5 
 
 
Banca 
Intesa (**); 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank 
Luxembourg; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
 
Banca 
Intesa 
Beograd; 
 
Bank 
of 
Alexandria; 
 
CIB Bank; 
 
Eximbank; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank (***); 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Albania; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Romania; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina; 
 
Pravex Bank; 
 
Privredna Banka 
Zagreb; 
 
VUB Banka 
 
Compagnie de 
Banque Privée 
Quilvest; 
 
Fideuram; 
 
Fideuram Asset 
Management 
Ireland; 
 
Fideuram Bank 
Luxembourg; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private 
Banking; 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking 
Asset 
Management; 
 
IW 
Private 
Investments; 
 
Reyl 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo; 
 
SIREF 
Fiduciaria
 
Epsilon SGR 
 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Croatia 
 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Hungary 
 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Slovakia 
 
Eurizon Capital 
 
Eurizon Capital 
Asia Limited 
 
Eurizon Capital 
Real Asset SGR
 
Eurizon Capital 
S.A. 
 
Eurizon 
SLJ 
Capital 
LTD 
 
Fideuram Vita; 
 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Insurance Agency
 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Assicura; 
 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Life; 
 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute 
 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
Vita 
 
(*) 
Domestic commercial banking 
(**) 
Russian Federation 
(***) 
Slovenia

--- Page 225 ---
10244042842-v58
- 215 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe with a significant ESG commitment, 
a world-class position in Social Impact and strong focus on climate. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a banking group in Italy with 13.6 million customers and approximately 
3,700 branches. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a provider of financial products and services to both households and 
enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with over 950 branches and 7 million customers. It is 
among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the Middle East and North Africa, 
through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second in Croatia and 
Slovakia, fourth in Albania and Slovenia, sixth in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Egypt, and Moldova and eighth 
in Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2022, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of €1,023,005 million, customer loans 
of €473,746 million, direct deposits from banking business of €550,678 million and direct deposits from 
insurance business and technical reserves of €173,945 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
(a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for stronger 
relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. The division 
includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, as well as instant banking through 
the partnership between the subsidiary Banca 5 and the ENEL Group (Mooney). 
(b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking a medium-
long term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, both 
nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment banking. 
The division is present in 25 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities of its 
customers through a specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and subsidiary 
banks focused on corporate banking. 
(c) 
The International Subsidiary Banks division: includes the following commercial banking 
subsidiaries: Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch 
of VUB Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, CIB 
Bank in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd in Serbia, 
VUB Banka in Slovakia, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in Ukraine. 
(d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of Private clients and High 
Net Worth Individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this segment. The 
division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 6,655 private bankers. 
(e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and institutional 
clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €302 billion of assets under management. 
(f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
clients. The division holds direct deposits and technical reserves of €174 billion and includes Intesa 
Sanpaolo Vita - which controls Intesa Sanpaolo Assicura, Intesa Sanpaolo Life, Intesa Sanpaolo 
RBM Salute and Intesa Sanpaolo Insurance Agency - and Fideuram Vita.

--- Page 226 ---
10244042842-v58
- 216 -
47-41044778
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2021 – Highlights 
Integration of the UBI Group 
On 14 January 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it will hire 1,000 people in addition to the 2,500 hires 
already envisaged in the agreement that the Bank signed on 29 September 2020 with Trade Unions FABI, 
FIRST/CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN. The agreement, which aims at enabling generational 
change at no social cost as well as enhancing the skills of the people of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group resulting 
from the acquisition of UBI Banca, offered the possibility to retire or access the Solidarity Fund, on a 
voluntary basis, to at least 5,000 people. Intesa Sanpaolo, following verification with the Trade Unions that 
the offer for voluntary exit was taken up by at least 5,000 people, intends to accept the total of the over 
7,200 voluntary exit applications submitted which fulfil the requirements, and consequently, as sought by 
the Trade Unions, to hire 3,500 people in total by the end of the first half of 2024. This decision confirms 
the effective progress of the process for the integration of UBI Banca into the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. It 
follows the agreement signed with the Trade Unions on 30 December 2020 regarding the 5,107 people who 
are part of the going concern to be sold to BPER Banca. 
On 29 January 2021, following the authorisation released by the European Central Bank, in accordance 
with the regulations in force, the plan for the merger by incorporation of UBI Banca into Intesa Sanpaolo 
was filed with the Torino Company Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The merger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 2 March 2021. 
2021 EU-Wide Stress Test Results 
On 30 July 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo was subject to the 2021 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), in cooperation with the Bank of Italy, the European Central Bank (ECB), and 
the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcements made by the EBA 
on the EU-wide stress test and fully acknowledges the outcomes of this exercise. 
The 2021 EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass fail threshold and instead is designed to be used as an 
important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results assisted competent authorities 
in assessing Intesa Sanpaolo's ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2021-
2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2020, 
and therefore did not take into account future business strategies and management actions. It was not a 
forecast of Intesa Sanpaolo profits. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ("CET1 ratio") resulting from the stress test 
for 2023, the final year considered in the exercise, stands at: 
 
15.06% under the baseline scenario; and 
 
9.38% under the adverse scenario. 
This compares with the starting-point figure of 14.04% as of 31 December 2020. 
The impact of the exercise under the adverse scenario, equivalent to 466 basis points, would be equivalent 
to 448 basis points when restoring the actual neutral effect on capital ratios of the 2018-2021 Long-term 
Incentive Plan LECOIP 2.0 based on financial instruments (which is not captured by the stress test 
assumption of a static balance sheet). 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio under the adverse scenario would be 9.97% when considering both the said 
restored neutrality and the sale transactions of the going concerns, related to the acquisition of UBI Banca 
in 2020, finalised in the first half of 2021, other things being equal.

--- Page 227 ---
10244042842-v58
- 217 -
47-41044778
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched ordinary share buy-back programme for free assignment to employees 
On 8 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo announced an ordinary share buy-back programme to be launched 
on 13 September 2021 and completed by 24 September 2021. The programme relates to plans of 
assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to employees, in relation to: (i) the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess 
of the so-called "materiality threshold"(1), as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" amount(2), 
and for those who, among middle management or professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue "relevant 
bonuses"(3); (ii) the former UBI Banca Group share-based incentive plan for 2020 reserved for Risk 
Takers(4); and (iii) outstanding portions in shares of bonuses deriving from past incentive systems of the 
former UBI Banca Group. In addition, the programme is implemented in order to grant, when certain 
conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. The programme is in 
accordance with the terms approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 28 April 2021 and 
disclosed to the market. 
The number of shares to be purchased on the market to meet the total requirement of the above-mentioned 
incentive plans and/or compensation by way of severance for the Group is equal to 20,000,000, 
corresponding to a percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.10%. This is in compliance with the 
resolution passed at the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2021, which authorised the 
purchase, in one or more tranches, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, for both the Parent Company and 
the companies it directly or indirectly controls, up to a maximum number of 22,479,270, corresponding to 
a maximum percentage of Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital of 0.12%. 
Purchases of shares to be assigned, without charge, will be executed in compliance with provisions included 
in Article 2357 and following of the Italian Civil Code within the limits of distributable income and 
available reserves, as determined in the financial statements most recently approved. Pursuant to Article 
132 of the TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases will 
be executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods 
laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, as for the purchase modality, transactions will be carried out in compliance with the conditions 
and the restrictions under Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
In accordance with the authorisation obtained at the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo, which is 
effective for up to 18 months, purchases will be executed at a price identified on a case-by-case basis, net 
of accessory charges, within a minimum and a maximum price range. This price can be determined using 
the following criteria: 
 
the minimum purchase price cannot be lower than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, less 10%; and 
 
the maximum purchase price cannot be higher than the reference price the share recorded in the 
stock market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, plus 10%. At any rate, 
the purchase price will not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent trade and 
the highest current independent bid on the market. Purchases may occur at one or more times. 
Purchases will be executed between 13 September 2021 and 24 September 2021(included). The maximum 
number of shares to be purchased daily will not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares. Furthermore, a 
constraint has been added to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions, establishing that 
the daily volume of purchases must not exceed 15% of the volume traded on the MTA on the respective 
day. 
 
(1) Equal to €80,000. 
(2) 
Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2019-2021, a variable 
remuneration exceeding €400,000 constitutes a "particularly high" amount. 
(3) 
Exceeding €80,000 and 100% of the fixed remuneration. 
(4) 
With bonuses exceeding €50,000 and 25% of the fixed remuneration.

--- Page 228 ---
10244042842-v58
- 218 -
47-41044778
 
 
Pursuant to Article 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code, the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting authorised 
the disposal on the regulated market of own ordinary shares exceeding the actual requirement under the 
same conditions as applied to their purchase and at a price of no less than the reference price recorded by 
the share in the stock market session on the day prior to each single disposal transaction, less 10%. 
Alternatively, these shares can be retained for future incentive plans and/or remuneration payable upon 
early termination of employment relationship (severance). 
On 15 September 2021 Intesa Sanpaolo communicated that it concluded, on 14 September 2021, the 
ordinary share buy-back programme launched on 13 September 2021 and announced to the market in the 
press release dated 8 September 2021. 
On the two days of execution of the programme (13 and 14 September 2021), the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
purchased a total of 20,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through its IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking Division (which was responsible for the programme execution). These represent approximately 
0.10% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average purchase price was €2.391 per share, for a 
total countervalue of €47,822,401. The parent company purchased 16,787,550 shares at an average 
purchase price of €2.392 per share, for a countervalue of €40,155,587. 
Purchase transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following 
and 2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits of number of shares and 
consideration as determined in the resolutions passed by the competent corporate bodies. Pursuant to Article 
132 of TUF and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were 
executed on the regulated market MTA managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid 
down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 5 
of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Articles 2, 3, and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2021, which was equal to 68.7 million shares, and 15% of the 
volume traded on the MTA on each of the days when purchases were executed – in accordance with the 
constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and restrictions. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 14 October 2021 the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held. The Meeting was 
validly constituted, on single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed 
representative, in accordance with Article 106 of Decree Law no. 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by 
Law no. 27 dated 24 April 2020, as subsequently amended, counted 3,317 holders of voting rights attached 
to 10,992,742,757 ordinary shares without nominal value equalling 56.57478% of the share capital. The 
resolutions detailed below were passed. 
Resolutions regarding reserves: 
(a) 
distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for the 2020 results. The Shareholders approved 
the cash distribution of part of the Extraordinary reserve for a total amount of €1,935,274,145.18 
to be assigned to each of the 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares constituting the share capital, 
corresponding to a unit amount of €9.96 cents per share. Votes in favour were 10,983,707,581, 
equivalent to 99.91781% of the ordinary shares represented at the Meeting. This distribution is in 
addition to the €694 million cash dividends approved in April this year and paid out in May, and 
brings to the payment of a total amount for 2020 which corresponds to a payout ratio of 75% of 
the €3,505 million adjusted consolidated net income(1), in line with the 2018-2021 Business Plan. 
The aforementioned distribution of reserves will be subject to the same tax regime as the 
distribution of dividends. The amount not distributed in respect of any own shares held by the Bank 
at the record date shall be kept in the Extraordinary reserve. The distribution took place on 20 
October 2021, with coupon presentation on 18 October 2021 and record date on 19 October 2021. 
Based on the ratio between the aforementioned unit amount and the stock price registered on 13 
 
(1) 
Excluding the items related to the acquisition of UBI Banca consisting of the effect of the purchase price 
allocation, including negative goodwill, and integration charges, as well as the write-off of goodwill of the Banca 
dei Territori Division from the stated net income.

--- Page 229 ---
10244042842-v58
- 219 -
47-41044778
 
 
October 2021, the dividend yield is 4%; including in the ratio the unit amount of €3.57 cents per 
share paid out in May this year, the total dividend yield for 2020 is 5.4%. 
(b) 
placing of a tax suspension constraint on part of the Share premium reserve, following the tax 
realignment of certain intangible assets. The Shareholders also approved the placing of a tax 
suspension constraint for an amount of €1,473,001,006.40 on part of the Share premium reserve, 
following the tax realignment of certain intangible assets in accordance with Article 110, 
paragraphs 8 and 8-bis, of Decree Law no. 104 dated 14 August 2020, as a result of the provisions 
of Article 14 of Law no. 342 dated 21 November 2000 to which the aforementioned Decree Law 
refers. Votes in favour were 10,991,707,581, equivalent to 99.99058% of the ordinary shares 
represented at the Meeting. 
Partial demerger of IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and 
of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
On 28 October 2021 notice was given that, following the authorisation released by the European Central 
Bank in accordance with the regulations in force, on 28 October 2021 the plan for the partial demerger of 
IW Bank S.p.A. in favour of Fideuram-Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. and of Fideuram-Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. in favour of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. was filed with the Torino Company 
Register, as provided for by Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code. 
The demerger was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 23 November 2021. 
Agreement with Trade Unions with regard to a further 2,000 voluntary exits and 1,100 hires by 2025 
On 16 November 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with Group Trade Delegations FABI, FIRST 
CISL, FISAC/CGIL, UILCA and UNISIN which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost 
while continuing to ensure an alternative to the possible paths for reskilling and redeploying people, in the 
context of adding value for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's people, including through an improved work-life 
balance. 
The agreement identifies ways and criteria to reach the target of 2,000 additional people voluntary leaving 
the Group by 2025, either by retiring or accessing the Solidarity Fund. 
Furthermore, by 2025 the Group will hire people on indefinite-term contracts according to a proportion of 
one hire for each two voluntary exits up to 1,000 people, against the 2,000 additional voluntary exits 
envisaged, and a further 100 people falling under the agreement signed on 29 September 2020. The new 
hires will sustain the Group's growth and its new activities and are in addition to those envisaged in the 
agreement of 29 September 2020. New hires will be 4,600 in total by December 2025 against 9,200 people 
in total leaving the Group by the end of the first quarter 2025. 
2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise 
On 3 December 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo noted the announcement made by the European Banking Authority 
regarding the information of the 2021 EU-wide Transparency Exercise. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2022 – Highlights 
INTESA SANPAOLO comfortably meets the capital requirement set by the ECB 
On 3 February 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received notification of the ECB's final decision 
concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 March 2022, 
following the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 
8.81%. 
This is the result of: 
- a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.79% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital

--- Page 230 ---
10244042842-v58
- 220 -
47-41044778
 
 
requirement of 1.79%, of which 1.01% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
- additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to: 
▫ 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, 
▫ 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75%, 
▫ 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.05%7. 
As announced on 3 February 2022 relating to the ECB final decision, Intesa Sanpaolo's capital ratios as at 
30 September 2021 on a consolidated basis - after the deduction from capital of €1,932m of reserves 
distributed in October 2021, €2,804m of dividends accrued in 9M 2021 (of which €1,399m paid as an 
interim dividend in November 20218) and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues - were as 
follows: 
• 14.3% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 
• 19% in terms of Total Capital ratio, 
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2021; 
• 13.8% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 
• 18.8% in terms of Total Capital ratio, calculated on a fully loaded basis; 
• 15.1% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis9, 
• 20.3% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 29 April 2022, the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held, validly constituted, on single 
call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed representative – in accordance with 
Article 106, paragraph 4, of Law Decree 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by Law 27 dated 24 April 
2020, as subsequently amended – counted 2,901 holders of voting rights attached to 10,884,970,586 
ordinary shares without nominal value equal to 56.02013% of the share capital. The Shareholders' Meeting 
voted in favour of all the items on the agenda. 
In the ordinary session, the resolutions concerned the 2021 Financial Statements, the distribution of the 
dividend and part of the share premium reserve; the appointment of the members of the Board of Directors 
and of the Management Control Committee for the years 2022-2023-2024; the remuneration policies and 
incentive plans; and own share buybacks to service the incentive plans and for market operations. 
In the extraordinary session, the resolutions concerned the annulment of own shares without reducing the 
share capital and the consequent amendment of Article 5 (Share Capital) of the Articles of Association, as 
 
7  
Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2021 in the various countries where the Group 
has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 
2023, where available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in 
Italy for 1Q 2022). 
8  
Net of the portion not distributed to own shares held by the Bank at the record date. 
9  
Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2021, taking 
into account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan 
adjustments, the first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285m 
covering the integration and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, as well as the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward 
and DTAs on the acquisition of UBI Banca, and the expected distribution on the 9 months 2021 net income 
of insurance companies.

--- Page 231 ---
10244042842-v58
- 221 -
47-41044778
 
 
well as the mandate to the Board of Directors to approve a share capital increase without payment and with 
payment to service the approved incentive plans. 
Long-Term incentive plans 
With specific regard to the delegated powers approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022 for 
share capital increases to service the incentive plans authorised in the ordinary session, it should be noted 
that, in order to maximise the key role of the Group's employees in achieving the objectives of the 2022-
2025 Business Plan, approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank on 4 February 2022, through a broad-
based shareholding in the capital of the Bank, on 15 February the Parent Company's Board of Directors had 
resolved to submit the following two long-term incentive plans to the Shareholders' Meeting, based on 
financial instruments of Intesa Sanpaolo and reserved for all Group employees: 
− the 2022-2025 Performance Share Plan, reserved for Group's Management, which provides for the 
assignment of newly issued ordinary shares of Intesa Sanpaolo deriving from a share capital increase 
without payment, subject to 
performance conditions in relation to specific key objectives to be achieved over the course of the Business 
Plan; 
− the 2022-2025 Leveraged Employee Co-Investment Plan LECOIP 3.0, reserved for employees of the 
Group in Italy, belonging to the Professional clusters, which provides for: i) the assignment of newly issued 
ordinary shares of Intesa Sanpaolo deriving from a share capital increase without payment (Free Shares) 
for an amount equivalent to the Variable Result Bonus advance for 2022 (employees may opt to receive the 
advance in cash and, therefore, not to participate in LECOIP 3.0); ii) the assignment, free of charge, of 
additional shares in exchange for the same share capital increase without payment (Matching Shares) based 
on the role held and seniority; iii) the subscription, in set proportions with respect to the free shares received, 
of newly issued ordinary Intesa Sanpaolo shares deriving from a share capital increase with payment 
reserved for employees, at a discounted issue price (Discounted Shares) against market value. 
On 13 June 2022, the period ended for exercising the right to withdraw from the subscription to the offer, 
expired on 30 May 2022, of the Certificates issued by J.P. Morgan and reserved for Professionals employed 
by the Group in Italy under the 2022-2025 LECOIP 3.0 Plan. A total of 45,629 employees, corresponding 
to 66.43% of those eligible, have participated in LECOIP 3.0 for a countervalue of the assigned shares (Free 
Shares and Matching Shares) of 139,931,221 euro. 
On 21 June 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors exercised the authority granted to it by the 
Shareholders' Meeting for capital increases in favour of the Group's employees to service the 
implementation of the 2022-2025 LECOIP 3.0 Plan. More specifically, the following were approved: 
− a share capital increase without payment for a maximum amount of 350,000,000 euro, through the issue 
of a maximum number of 160,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, having the same characteristics as 
those already outstanding and with regular dividend entitlement; 
− a share capital increase with payment, with the exclusion of the option right pursuant to Article 2441, 
paragraph 8, of the Italian Civil Code, for a maximum amount, net of a discount at issue, of 850,000,000 
euro, through the issue of a maximum number of 387,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, with the 
same characteristics as the shares already outstanding and with regular dividend entitlement, applying a 
maximum discount of 19.5% to the stock market price calculated as the average of the prices recorded in 
the 30 days prior to the issue date. 
On 30 June 2022, on the basis of the average price of the shares of Intesa Sanpaolo recorded on each 
business day in the 30 preceding calendar days – equal to 1.9080 euro – a total of 33,745,462 Free Shares, 
39,591,828 Matching Shares, and 386,972,658 Discounted Shares subscribed were assigned to the Group's 
employees. Consequently, 73,337,290 Certificates issued by J.P. Morgan, i.e. financial instruments 
corresponding to the abovementioned sum of Free Shares plus Matching Shares, were assigned to Group 
employees. 
The following was also carried out on the same day: 
− the implementation of:

--- Page 232 ---
10244042842-v58
- 222 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
a share capital increase without payment – pursuant to Article 2349, paragraph 1 of the Italian 
Civil Code - for 83,200,000 euro, through the issue of 160,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary 
shares, using of the Extraordinary Reserve; 
 
a share capital increase with payment, with the exclusion, pursuant to Article 2441, paragraph 8 
of the Italian Civil Code, of the option right in favour of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's employees, 
for an amount of 201,225,782.16 euro, through the issue of 386,972,658 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary 
shares at a price of 1.5671 euro (applying a discount of 17.867% to the abovementioned arithmetic 
average of the VWAP recorded in the preceding 30 calendar days), of which 0.52 euro to be 
allocated to share capital and 1.0471 euro to share premium; 
− for the Performance Share Plan, the assignment of rights to the managers that, at the end of the Plan, will 
accrue in Intesa Sanpaolo shares, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions envisaged in the related rules 
and in compliance with the number and value limits established by the Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 
2022. 
A total of 546,972,658 ordinary Intesa Sanpaolo shares were therefore issued without nominal value, having 
regular entitlement as coupon 47. Intesa Sanpaolo's share capital consequently increased from 
10,084,445,147.92 euro (represented by 19,430,463,305 ordinary shares) to 10,368,870,930.08 euro, 
divided into 19,977,435,963 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
The capital increase with payment led to an increase in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's consolidated 
shareholders' equity of 606.4 million euro, of which 201.2 million euro in share capital and 405.2 million 
euro in share premium reserve. 
INTESA SANPAOLO launched buyback approved by the Shareholders' meeting of 29 April 2022 and 
authorized by the ECB 
On 24 June 2022, following the ECB decision, which authorises the purchase of own shares for annulment 
(buyback) for a maximum total outlay of 3,400 million euro and a number of shares not exceeding 
2,615,384,615 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares – as approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 
2022 and already disclosed to the market – the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo, made the resolution 
to execute the purchase carrying out an initial programme for an outlay of 1,700 million euro, and to defer 
to a subsequent date, by the time the results as at 31 December 2022 are approved, the decisions regarding 
the execution for the remaining authorised amount. 
The above-mentioned buyback programme, which may be executed partially and/or in instalments, will be 
launched on 4 July 2022 and is expected to be completed by the end of October 2022. 
The purchase programme will be carried out by an appointed third-party intermediary, operating in full 
independence and without any involvement of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, in compliance with the terms of 
the authorisation granted by the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022 and the resolution 
passed on 24 June 2022 by the Bank's Board of Directors. 
As required by Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998 (the TUF- Consolidated Law 
on Finance) and Article 144-bis of Consob Resolution 11971/99 (the Issuers' Regulation), the details of the 
share buyback programme are provided below. 
Share purchase transactions will be executed in compliance with provisions included in Article 2357 and 
following of the Italian Civil Code within the limits of distributable income and available reserves, as stated 
in the most recently approved financial statements. Pursuant to Article 132 of the TUF and Article 144-bis 
of the Issuers' Regulations and subsequent amendments, purchases will be made on the regulated market 
Euronext Milan managed by Borsa Italiana, in accordance with trading methods laid down in the market 
rules for these transactions. 
Furthermore, as for the purchase modalities, transactions will be carried out in compliance with the 
conditions and restrictions under Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
In accordance with the authorisation obtained from the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo, which 
will be effective until the ex-right date of the dividend related to the financial statements for the year ending

--- Page 233 ---
10244042842-v58
- 223 -
47-41044778
 
 
31 December 2022, purchases will be made at a price identified on a case-by-case basis, net of accessory 
charges, within a minimum and a maximum price range. This price can be determined using the following 
criteria: 
- the minimum purchase price cannot be lower than the reference price the share recorded in the stock 
market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, less 10%; 
- the maximum purchase price cannot be higher than the reference price the share recorded in the stock 
market session on the day prior to each single purchase transaction, plus 10%. 
At any rate, the purchase price will not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent trade 
and the highest current independent bid on the market. Purchases may occur at one or more times. 
The maximum number of shares to be purchased daily will not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in May 2022, which was equal to 109 million shares. 
Purchases will be suspended during the period of execution of the share buyback programme relating to 
plans of assignment, free of charge, to employees of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares. The above-mentioned 
period will be duly disclosed to the market and will foreseeably fall in September 2022. 
Any subsequent changes to the programme will be duly communicated to the market in accordance with 
modalities and terms established by applicable regulations. 
The annulment of the own shares purchased will be carried out without nominal reduction of the share 
capital and may also be executed by means of several partial acts, before the purchase programme has been 
completed. Intesa Sanpaolo will notify the market of the own shares annulment transactions, in compliance 
with applicable regulations, and will update the Articles of Association and communicate the new 
composition of its share capital. 
On 11 October 2022, Intesa Sanpaolo concluded the programme launched on 4 July 2022, having purchased 
a total of 988,632,803 shares, equal to around 4.95% of its pre-annulment share capital, at an average 
purchase price of 1.7195 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 1,699,999,999.44 euro. 
On the dates of 3 August, 7 September and 14 October 2022, the own shares purchased during the period 
from 4 July to 29 July 2022 (322,814,884 shares), 1 August to 2 September 2022 (387,343,682 shares) and 
5 September to 11 October 2022 (278,474,237 shares), respectively, were annulled. As a result, the share 
capital (which before the launch of the programme was divided into 19,977,435,963 ordinary shares without 
nominal value) changed its composition, due to the reduction in the number of shares constituting it, while 
its amount remained unchanged at 10,368,870,930.08 euro. 
Intesa Sanpaolo launched ordinary share buy-back programme for free assignment to employees 
From 12 to 14 September 2022, on the other hand, a share buyback programme was implemented to service 
plans of assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to the employees and the Financial 
Advisors of the Group10. The purchases relate to: (i) the Intesa Sanpaolo Group share-based incentive plan 
for 2021 reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the so-called "materiality threshold"11, 
as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" amount12, and for those who, among Middle 
Management or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue "relevant bonuses"13; (ii) the Privredna Banka 
Zagreb (PBZ) Group share-based incentive plan for 2021 and the outstanding portions in financial 
instruments deriving from previous plans; (iii) the long-term incentive plans reserved for the Financial 
Advisors of the Networks of the Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking Group. In addition, the 
 
10  
During the period of execution of the programme, the purchases of own shares for annulment (buybacks) were 
suspended. 
11  Equal to 50 thousand euro or one third of the total remuneration (unless otherwise provided for by specific local 
regulations). 
12  Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2019-2021 a variable 
remuneration exceeding 400 thousand euro constitutes a "particularly high" amount. 
13  Exceeding 80 thousand euro (unless otherwise provided for by specific local regulations) and 100% of the fixed 
remuneration.

--- Page 234 ---
10244042842-v58
- 224 -
47-41044778
 
 
programme is implemented in order to grant, when certain conditions occur, severance payments upon early 
termination of employment. 
In the three days during which the programme was executed, a total of 46,216,652 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary 
shares were purchased, through the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division. These represent around 
0.24% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average price was 1.8932 euro per share, for a total 
countervalue of 87,496,321.48 euro. The Parent Company purchased 12,967,930 shares at an average price 
of 1.8938 euro per share, for a countervalue of 24,558,315.42 euro. 
The transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and following and 
2359-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits determined in the resolutions passed 
by the competent corporate bodies. Specifically, in the case of the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo, in 
accordance with the terms approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022. 
Pursuant to Article 132 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulation 
and subsequent amendments, purchases were executed on the regulated market Euronext Milan managed 
by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid down in the market rules for these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 5 
of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, and 
Articles 2, 3, and 4 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2022, which was equal to 108.1 million shares, and 15% of the 
volume traded on the Euronext Milan market on each of the days when purchases were executed - in 
accordance with the constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory conditions and 
restrictions. 
Recent Events 
Financial results for the nine months ended September 30, 2022 
Intesa Sanpaolo has published its unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. Such financial statements 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and is available on Intesa Sanpaolo's website 
(www.group.intesasanpaolo.com). 
November 2022 Dividend 
On 4 November 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo decided to distribute an interim dividend on the 2022 results equal 
to €7.38 cents per share, before tax, corresponding to €1,401 million in aggregate. The decision was based 
on the absence of limitations to dividend distributions, including recommendations from the regulators 
regarding capital requirements applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo, as well as on the basis of Intesa Sanpaolo's 
capital ratios. No distribution will be made to own shares held by the Bank at the record date. The interim 
dividend was paid on 23 November 2022. 
Exposure to Russia 
Intesa Sanpaolo has a direct presence in Russia, through its Russian subsidiary Banca Intesa Russia, which 
employs approximately 950 people spread in 27 branches. In addition, Intesa Sanpaolo has cross-border 
exposures stemming from its corporate and investment banking activities. In particular, in its lending 
activities, the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division has over time financed counterparties resident 
in the Russian Federation. Over two-thirds of the loans to Russian customers involve leading industrial 
groups, which have established commercial relationships with customers belonging to the main 
international supply chains, a significant amount of which derives from commodity exports. 
As of 30 June 2022, loans to Russian customers, net of guarantees by the export credit agencies ("ECA"), 
accounted for approximately 1% of the Group's total customer loans. As of 30 June 2022, loans to customers 
exposures amounted, in terms of gross values, to €949 million for Banca Intesa Russia (figures as at 30 
March 2022 updated to the exchange rate of 30 June 2022) and €3,851 million for cross-border exposures 
to customers resident in Russia, net of guarantees by the ECA. As of 30 June 2022, due from banks 
amounted to €581 million and securities amounted to €156 million. At the same date, Intesa Sanpaolo's

--- Page 235 ---
10244042842-v58
- 225 -
47-41044778
 
 
exposure to Russian counterparties included in the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons 
List ("SDN") amounted to €0.4 billion. 
As of 30 September 2022, loans to Russian customers, net of guarantees by the ECA, account for 
approximately 0.3% of the Group's total customer loans. As of 30 September 2022, loans to customers 
exposures amounted, in terms of net values, to €0.3 billion for Banca Intesa Russia and €1.05 billion for 
cross-border exposures to customers resident in Russia, net of guarantees by the ECA, taking into account 
a €0.4 billion sale finalized at the beginning of October 2022 (€0.3 billion net). As of 30 September 2022, 
in terms of net values, due from banks amounted to €711 million and securities amounted to €95 million. 
At the same date, Intesa Sanpaolo's exposure to Russian counterparties included in the SDN amounted to 
€0.4 billion. 
Exposure to Ukraine 
Intesa Sanpaolo operates in Ukraine through its subsidiary Pravex Bank, which employs approximately 760 
people spread across 45 branches. As of 30 June 2022, exposures to customers resident in Ukraine 
amounted to €242 million, of which €158 million related to the subsidiary Pravex Bank (figures as at 31 
December 2021 updated to the exchange rate of 30 June 2022) and €84 million for cross-border exposures. 
As of 30 June 2022, due from banks amounted to €57 million and securities amounted to €60 million. 
As of 30 September 2022, exposures to customers resident in Ukraine amounted, in terms of net values, to 
€97 million, of which nil book value related to the subsidiary Pravex Bank. As of 30 September 2022, in 
terms of net values, due from banks and securities amounted to €73 million. 
INTESA SANPAOLO comfortably meets the capital requirement set by the ECB 
On 15 December 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received notification of the ECB’s final 
decision concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 
January 2023, following the results of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP).  
The overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 
8.88%.  
 This is the result of:  
- 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.72% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.72%, of which 0.97% is Common Equity Tier 1 ratio applying the regulatory 
amendment introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020;  
- 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, relating to:  
o 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%,  
o 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 0.75%,  
o 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.16%14.  
Intesa Sanpaolo’s capital ratios as at 30 September 2022 on a consolidated basis - after the deduction from 
capital of €3.4bn of buyback15, €2,299m of dividends accrued in 9M 2022 (of which €1,400m paid as an 
interim dividend in November 202216) and the coupons accrued on the Additional Tier 1 issues - were as 
follows:  
 
14  Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2022 in the various countries where the Group has 
a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 2023, 
where available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for 
2022). 
15  Amount, approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting and authorised by the ECB, equivalent to the 2019 suspended 
dividend. 
16  Net of the portion not distributed to own shares held by the Bank at the record date.

--- Page 236 ---
10244042842-v58
- 226 -
47-41044778
 
 
• 12.6% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio,  
• 17.5% in terms of Total Capital ratio,  
calculated by applying the transitional arrangements for 2022;  
• 12.4% in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio,  
• 17.5% in terms of Total Capital ratio,  
calculated on a fully loaded basis;  
• 13.6% in terms of pro-forma Common Equity Tier 1 ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis17,  
• 18.9% in terms of pro-forma Total Capital ratio calculated on a fully loaded basis17.  
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 June 2022 Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign debt – including the 
insurance business – amounted to a total of €80,248 million, (30,861 million excluding the insurance 
business) in addition to loans for €9,140 million. The security exposures decreased compared to €88,327 
million as at 31 December 2021 (30,880 million excluding the insurance business). 
 
Management 
 
Board of Directors 
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chair 
Director of ABI Servizi S.p.A. 
Paolo Andrea Colombo 
(#) (##) 
Deputy Chair 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Humanitas 
S.p.A. 
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director 
and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
None 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chair of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chair of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
 
17  Estimated by applying the fully loaded parameters to the financial statements as at 30 September 2022, taking into 
account the total absorption of deferred tax assets (DTAs) related to goodwill realignment, loan adjustments, the 
first time adoption of IFRS 9 and the non-taxable public cash contribution of €1,285m covering the integration 
and rationalisation charges relating to the acquisition of the Aggregate Set of Banca Popolare di Vicenza and 
Veneto Banca, as well as the expected absorption of DTAs on losses carried forward and DTAs on the acquisition 
of UBI Banca and the agreement with the trade unions of November 2021, and the expected distribution on the 
9M 2022 net income of insurance companies.

--- Page 237 ---
10244042842-v58
- 227 -
47-41044778
 
 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Daniele Zamboni (##)(1) (#) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (##)(1) 
Director 
None 
Milena Teresa Motta (##) 
(#) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
Alberto 
Maria 
Pisani 
(##)(1) (#) 
Director 
and 
Chair 
of 
the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina 
Zoppo(##)(#) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Juventus Football Club 
S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Michelin Italiana S.p.A. - 
SAMI 
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chair of Equiter S.p.A. 
Maria 
Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(##)(1) 
Director 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of WizzAir Holdings PLC 
Fabrizio Mosca(##) (#) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Olivetti 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of DiaSorin 
Italia S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Mindicity 
S.r.l. 
Roberto Franchini (##)(1) (#) 
Director and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Bruno Maria Parigi(##) 
Director 
None

--- Page 238 ---
10244042842-v58
- 228 -
47-41044778
 
 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities  
Liana Logiurato (##) 
Director 
None 
Paola Tagliavini (##)(#) 
Director 
Director of Saipem S.p.A. 
Director of Interpump GroupS.p.A. 
Director of Rai Way S.p.A. 
______________ 
(*) 
Was appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 29 April 2022. He is the only executive 
director on the Board. 
(#) 
Is enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or been a member of the supervisory 
body of a limited company 
(##) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, the Corporate 
Governance Code and Article 148, paragraph 3, of the Consolidated Law on Finance (TUF), and banking regulations 
(1) 
Is a representative of the MinoritySlate 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuers' registered office in Piazza 
San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Intesa Sanpaolo's knowledge, no member of the Board of 
Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo has potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their 
office or employment with the Issuer or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other interests. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee compliance 
with the relevant regulation on board members conflicts of interest. 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 24 October 2022, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders of 
shares exceeding 3% (*)): 
Shareholder 
Ordinary shares 
% of ordinary shares 
Compagnia di San Paolo  
1,188,947,304 
6.261% 
Fondazione Cariplo
961,333,900
5.063%
_____________ 
(*) 
Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% threshold. 
Note: figures may not add up exactly due to rounding differences. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Finance "TUF") set forth that holdings 
exceeding 3% of the voting capital of a listed company should be communicated to both that company and 
CONSOB. Moreover, under Article 19 of the Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB", prior authorisation by 
the Bank of Italy is required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks that are either significant or 
make it possible to exercise significant influence, or confer a share of voting rights or capital equal to at 
least 10%. 
The Italian regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 120, paragraph 4-bis, of the "TUF" sets forth the obligation for investors who acquire 
holdings in listed issuers with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the relevant capital 
or a lower threshold as defined by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are pursuing.

--- Page 239 ---
10244042842-v58
- 229 -
47-41044778
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to anatocism and other current account and credit facility conditions, as well as usury 
During 2021, the disputes of this type – which for many years have been a significant part of the civil 
litigation brought against the Italian banking industry – decreased both in number and in total value of 
claims made compared to the previous year. Overall, the number of disputes, including mediations, with 
likely risk amounted to around approximately 3,250. The remedy sought amounted to 555 million euro with 
provisions of 191 million euro. As is the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk related 
to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the claims made, the defences 
submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-law decisions, for each dispute. 
You are reminded that in 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which governs 
the compounding of interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of the ban on 
anatocism and the delegation of the CICR (Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and Savings) to regulate 
this matter. In February 2017, the Italian Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo 
for alleged unfair business practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the above- 
mentioned authorisation from customers for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new 
regulations introduced in 2016. The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that 
Intesa Sanpaolo had implemented an "aggressive" policy aimed at acquiring the authorisation, by soliciting 
customers to provide it through various means of communications and without putting them in a position 
to consider the consequences of that choice in terms of the interest calculation on the compounded debt 
interest. As a result, the Authority issued a fine of €2 million against Intesa Sanpaolo. Intesa Sanpaolo has 
submitted an appeal with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, on the grounds that the ruling was 
unfounded. The proceedings are still pending. 
Disputes relating to investment services 
Also in this area, the disputes showed a slight downtrend in terms of number compared to the previous year. 
The most significant sub-group was disputes concerning derivatives, which remained substantially stable 
in number and value. The total number of disputes with likely risk for this type of litigation amounted to 
around 530. The total remedy sought amounted to around €279 million with provisions of €165 million. As 
is the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried 
out individually, taking into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the 
proceedings and the case-law guidance, for each dispute. The disputes deriving from UBI Banca also 
include approximately 188 disputes with a remedy sought of €143 million initiated by "wiped out" 
shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former "Old Banks" of Banca delle Marche, Banca 
Popolare dell'Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti, deemed to be of possible 
risk. Those disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by the Seller (National 
Resolution Fund) for the benefit of UBI Banca and therefore also cover any liabilities arising from the 
activities carried out by the Banks (the "Old Banks") before they were subject to the resolution procedure, 
in relation to, inter alia, risks of a legal nature or generally related to ongoing or threatened disputes, or 
violations of the law and any potential liabilities. 
Dispute regarding financial derivative instruments 
By way of judgement no. 8770/2020, handed down by its Joint Sections on 12 May 2020, the Court of 
Cassation affirmed the nullity of several OTC derivative contracts (Interest Rate Swaps with upfront 
payments) entered into by an Italian bank and a Municipality, essentially establishing that: 1) the upfront 
payment was a type of new debt resulting in long-term expenditure borne by the entity and, therefore, 
derivative contracts that comprise an upfront payment require the authorisation of the Municipal Council 
(not the Municipal Executive Committee), which, if lacking, shall invalidate the derivatives; 2) swap 
contracts have the form of a "legal bet", permitted only in the amount in which these contracts acquire the 
form of a "rational bet", concluded in terms which enable both parties to understand the risks underlying 
the contract, which thus, must indicate the mark to market, implicit costs and probabilistic scenario. 
Moreover, despite referring to a Municipality, the decision contains some general principles on the case 
and the subject matter of the swaps. In that regard, in July 2021, as part of proceedings initiated by an 
individual against Intesa Sanpaolo, the Court of Cassation, First Section, affirmed that the MTM constitutes 
an essential component of the purpose of the contract, declaring the IRS contract entered into by the parties 
null and void, due to the failure to specify the relative calculation formula.

--- Page 240 ---
10244042842-v58
- 230 -
47-41044778
 
 
Within this framework, in order to assess the impact of the decision of ongoing disputes in light of the 
evolution of case-law, a specific reassessment was conducted of risks connected with the proceedings 
regarding derivative contracts entered into with local entities, companies controlled by entities and private 
parties and, where deemed appropriate, specific provisions were allocated. 
Specifically, disputes are pending with 16 local authorities, with possible or probable risk, for total claims 
of 112 million euro, and disputes with 8 Companies controlled by public entities, with total claims of 71 
million euro. 
Disputes with individuals, assessed as having possible or probable risk, total around 270, and of these, 
around 70 positions also regard requests for refunds of amounts on other accounts held with the Bank. Net 
of those latter positions, the total value of the claims lodged in the proceedings regarding only derivatives 
amounts to around 114 million euro as at 31 December 2021. 
A summary of the most significant disputes is provided below: 
– 
Municipality of Perugia: at the end of 2020, the Municipality of Perugia served a 
summons relating to four derivative contracts entered into in 2006, asking for repayment 
of the amounts paid, to be quantified during the lawsuit. At the hearing on 4 November 
2021, the judge reserved the decision on the preliminary motions formulated by the 
parties. 
– 
Terni Reti Sud S.r.l.: the dispute concerns a derivative contract entered into in August 
2007 by the former Banca delle Marche18 with Terni Reti Sud S.r.l., whose share is 100% 
held by the Municipality di Terni. The opponent claims that the derivative is null and 
void due to failure to communicate probabilistic scenarios, and the breach of disclosure 
obligations, formulating a demand of 22 million euro. At the hearing of 5 October 2021, 
the judge postponed the proceedings to 22 February 2022 for witness testimony. In this 
last hearing, the judge heard witness testimony and reserved the decision on whether to 
permit an expert witness report. 
– 
EUR S.p.A. – In May, a writ of summons was served by EUR S.p.A., a company held 
by the Ministry of the Economy and Finance and Roma Capitale. In addition to Intesa 
Sanpaolo, the company is also suing other intermediaries due to derivative contracts 
governed by the ISDA, entered into in relation to a syndicated loan granted by those 
banks. The Court of Rome, lifting the reservation assumed at the hearing of 22 November 
2021, stated that the lawsuit was ready for a ruling, recognising the importance of the 
objection raised by the defendants regarding the lack of jurisdiction of the Italian court 
in favour of the English court. The lawsuit was adjourned until 8 November 2022 for the 
presentation of conclusions. Intesa Sanpaolo's risk amounts to 22 million euro. 
With regard to the disputes with local entities, four new disputes were recorded during the 2022 
half year: 
– 
the Province of Catanzaro ordered the cancellation through internal review of the 
executive decision approving the derivative transaction entered in a pool with other 
banks. The Bank, together with the other members of the pool, appealed to the Catanzaro 
Regional Administrative Court to have the measure cancelled. Intesa Sanpaolo’s 
potential risk amounts to 3.6 million euro; 
– 
the Province of Varese, following the unsuccessful closure of a meditation promoted in 
April, launched proceedings in July before the Court of Milan, to rule null and void two 
 
18  Note that those disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by the Seller (National 
Resolution Fund) for the benefit of UBI Banca in relation to the acquisition of the New Banks deriving from the 
resolution of Banca delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell'Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia 
di Chieti and therefore also cover any liabilities arising from the activities carried out by the Banks (the "Old 
Banks") before they were subject to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter alia, risks of a legal nature or 
generally related to ongoing or threatened disputes, or violations of the law and any potential liabilities.

--- Page 241 ---
10244042842-v58
- 231 -
47-41044778
 
 
derivatives entered into with the Bank, requesting that the Bank be ordered to pay 7.2 
million euro both as repayment and as compensation due to contractual or tort liability; 
– 
the Province of Imperia served a writ of summons with which the Authority alleged the 
invalidity of the derivative and requested the restitution of the differentials paid, as well 
as compensation for damages without quantifying its claim. This action followed the 
mediation proceedings that ended in November 2021 with a negative outcome. The 
potential risk for the Bank amounts to 5 million euro; 
– 
the Municipality of Marsciano brought an action before the Court of Perugia for the 
declaration of invalidity of the derivative entered into with the Bank, requesting the 
restitution of 81 thousand euro for differentials paid and implicit costs. 
Four rulings were also received in the following disputes: 
– 
Municipality of Faenza: with a decision dated 1 February 2022, the Court of Appeal of 
Bologna, recalling the principles expressed by the Joint Sections with ruling no. 
8770/2020, confirmed the invalidity of the contract due to failure to indicate the Mark to 
Market (MTM) and ordered the Bank to repay the differentials charged to the Entity. In 
execution of the first instance ruling, the Bank had already paid 2.8 million euro. An 
appeal was lodged with the Court of Cassation; 
– 
With regard to the dispute with the Municipality of Santa Maria Capua Vetere, the Court 
of Rome, in its ruling of 2 March 2022, rejected the claim of invalidity of the two 
derivative contracts, made by the Municipality, and upheld the Bank’s counterclaim for 
the unpaid amounts from the Municipality totalling 119 thousand euro. However, the 
court upheld the claim for implicit costs not disclosed at the time of signing and ordered 
the Bank to pay 1.1 million euro plus interest and revaluation.  Following the 
unsuccessful outcome of the discussions that took place, the Municipality enforced the 
ruling and, as a result, the sum of 1.9 million euro was paid to the bailiff, equal to the 
amount of 1.6 million euro claimed by the Municipality for principal, interest and 
revaluation, in addition to the two-tenths increase provided for by law for such 
circumstances. The Bank has reserved the right to file an objection to the enforcement, 
which is in the process of being initiated, to assert its claim for the amounts not paid. 
– 
Municipality of Vittorio Veneto: the Court of Venice, with non-final ruling of 29 March 
2022, voided two contracts due to lack of elements of the MTM and probabilistic 
scenarios, deemed essential in line with the unfavourable approach taken by the Joint 
Sections 8770/2020. In a separate order, the judge returned the lawsuit to the preliminary 
investigation phase, ordering a court-appointed expert’s report to determine the flows 
due to the Municipality. Thus, the proceedings were postponed to 26 October 2022. The 
potential risk to the Bank amounts to 5.8 million euro; 
– 
Province of Pavia: with decision dated 4 May 2022, the Court of Appeal of Milan, 
agreeing with the principles set out by the Court of Cassation, confirmed that the contract 
was null and void due to lack of indication of the MTM and the probabilistic scenarios. 
In execution of the first instance ruling, the Bank had already paid 10.1 million euro. An 
appeal to the Court of Cassation is being considered. 
It is noted that the dispute promoted in December 2013 by the Municipality of Mogliano Veneto reached 
the Court of Cassation and was settled in the wider context of a credit operation of renegotiation of the 
mortgage that represents the debt underlying the derivative that is the subject of the lawsuit. As a result of 
the agreement reached, the Bank and the Municipality of Mogliano filed waivers of the lawsuits and the 
Court of Cassation declared the proceedings extinct, with decree of 13 January 2022. The operation resulted 
in the termination of the derivative contract, with charges borne by the Bank for a total of 5.3 million euro. 
With regard to the pending dispute with Companies controlled by Public Entities, in the proceedings 
promoted by Azienda Socio Sanitaria territoriale Valle Olona, the Court of Busto Arsizio, with ruling of 6 
April 2022, declared the contract null and void due to an unspecified purpose, and ordered the Bank to 
return the amount of 1.8 million euro, already paid to the Entity. The ruling has been appealed.

--- Page 242 ---
10244042842-v58
- 232 -
47-41044778
 
 
In the proceedings promoted by Aler S.p.A., the Milan Court of Appeal, with a ruling dated 1 August 2022, 
confirmed that the contract entered into with the previous Entity, Banca OPI was null and void due to lack 
of indication of the mark-to-market and the criteria for its calculation, as well as the probabilistic scenarios. 
As a result of the first instance ruling, in November 2020 the Bank had paid 4.6 million euro equal to the 
amounts paid by the company, plus interest and legal expenses. It is ongoing the assessment of filing an 
appeal before the Court of Cassation 
With regard to disputes with local authorities, a mediation request was received from the Municipality of 
Soriano sul Cimino, challenging the validity of a contract with a negative mark-to-market of 1.1 million 
euro, which resulted in debit flows for the Municipality of 848 thousand euro (figures as at 31 August 2022). 
The Bank participated in the first meeting scheduled for 4 October 2022. 
With regard to the Municipality of Venice, the dispute, initiated in 2019, regards a contract governed by 
the ISDA, entered into in 2007 with a claim amount 71 million euro. After the publication of the ruling of 
the Court of Cassation, Joint Sections, no. 8770/2020 (the "Cattolica" case), in the proceedings before the 
High Court of Justice in London, the Municipality denied that it was aware of the nature of the transaction 
when it entered into it. Despite the fact that the preliminary investigation had not identified any particular 
issues, an unfavourable decision was issued on 14 October 2022. Specifically, the English Court held that 
the Municipality did not have the capacity to enter into speculative derivative contracts involving debt 
(contrary to Article 119, paragraph 6 of the Constitution), ruling that the Municipality was entitled to the 
restitution of the differentials paid to the Bank solely in the amount exceeding the outlays of the Bank 
incurred for the back-to-back hedging derivatives (at least until December 2020). In the present case, the 
application of the above principle could significantly reduce the restitutionary obligation towards the 
Municipality and a subsequent hearing is scheduled to quantify the sums to be restituted. This is the first 
unfavourable precedent for banks issued by the London Court in relation to derivatives governed by ISDA 
due to lack of capacity and an appeal of the decision is being considered. 
In the related proceedings pending before the Court of Venice, after the Court of Cassation recognised the 
jurisdiction of the Italian court, the Judge reserved the right to rule on the preliminary applications filed by 
the parties. 
Dispute relating to loans in CHF to the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Privredna Banka Zagreb ("PBZ") and seven other 
Croatian banks are defending themselves within an action brought by Potrošač (Croatian Union of the 
Consumer Protection Association)- in relation to loans denominated or indexed to Swiss francs granted in 
the past. According to the plaintiff, the defendant banks behaved improperly by allegedly using illegitimate 
interest rate forecasts, which could be changed unilaterally by the bank and by denominating the loans 
granted in Swiss francs (or indexing them to Swiss francs) without allegedly duly informing consumers of 
all the risks before the signing of the respective loan agreements. 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings, 
rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court ruling from 2018 and 
confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached collective interests and rights 
of consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions on the CHF currency clause. The 
decision of the Supreme Court was challenged by PBZ before the Constitutional Court, which rejected the 
claim at the beginning of 2021.The subsidiary thus lodged an appeal before the European Court of Human 
Rights. 
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of consumers, 
numerous individual proceedings have been brought by customers against PBZ, despite the fact that most 
of them voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated loans retroactively, 
in accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act (Croatian Official Gazette 
102/2015 "Conversion Law"). 
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within a model case proceedings (a Supreme Court 
proceedings with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case law), 
ruled that the conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the Croatian 
Conversion Law of 2015 produce legal effects and are valid even in the case when the provisions of the 
underlying loan agreements on variable interest rate and currency clause are null and void.

--- Page 243 ---
10244042842-v58
- 233 -
47-41044778
 
 
That ruling is favourable for the evolution of the dispute regarding loans in Swiss francs (or indexed to that 
currency) converted based on the Conversion Law, which will also be impacted by the outcome of a request 
for a preliminary ruling from the EU Court of Justice on the consistency of several aspects of the Conversion 
Law with the Unfair Contract Terms Directive, formulated as part of proceedings involving another 
intermediary. 
The number of new individual lawsuits filed against PBZ in 2021 was lower than those in 2020, At the end 
of 2021 the total pending cases still amounted to a few thousand. It cannot be excluded the possibility that 
additional lawsuits might be filed against PBZ in the future in connection with CHF loans. 
The amount of provisions recognized as at 31 December 2021 is reasonably adequate – according to 
available information - to meet the obligations arising from the claims filed against the subsidiary so far. 
The evolution of the overall matter is anyhow carefully monitored in order to take appropriate initiatives, 
if necessary, in consistence with any future developments. 
Dispute with the foreign subsidiary Banca Intesa Beograd (Serbia) 
The following areas of the mass disputes that have impacted the entire Serbian banking system shown 
below. 
1) Processing fees 
Legal dispute regarding processing fees applied by banks at the time of disbursing loans. The claimants, 
individuals and legal persons, are requesting the repayment of those charges, as they are deemed as not 
owed. The first claims arose in 2017, and a significant increase in lawsuits was recorded in the following 
years, though for modest amounts on average. As at 31 December 2021, Banca Intesa Beograd had been 
summoned in around 25,000 lawsuits (of which 19,000 arising during 2021), while the related total amounts 
requested to be repaid by the Bank totalled around 2 million euro. Most of the courts accepted the customers' 
requests, based on an interpretation of regulations that the banks oppose. In September 2021, the Supreme 
Court of Serbia recognised the legitimacy of the costs and fees applied to loans at the time of their 
disbursement, provided they are indicated in the contract proposal. That ruling is favourable for the 
evolution of the dispute on the matter. The first instance courts should gradually align with that ruled by 
the Supreme Court. In the last quarter of the year, the flow of new lawsuits decreased, and customers 
dropped some of those already pending. 
2) NKOSK 
Legal dispute relating to real estate loans insured through the National Housing Loan Insurance Corporation 
(NKOSK), whose premium is paid by the borrowers. The borrowers deem that, as the bank is the 
beneficiary of the insurance, the premium should be paid by the bank. As at 31 December 2021, Banca 
Intesa Beograd had been summoned in 967 lawsuits (of which 565 arising during 2021). The related total 
amounts requested to be repaid by the Bank totalled around 1.1 million euro. Most of the courts accepted 
the customers' requests, based on an interpretation of regulations that the banks o ppose. In September 2021, 
the Supreme Court of Serbia recognised the legitimacy of requiring the insurance premium to be paid by 
the borrowers, provided that the obligation is clearly described to the borrowers during precontractual 
procedures. That ruling is favourable for the evolution of the dispute on the matter. The first instance courts 
should gradually align with that ruled by the Supreme Court. In the last quarter of the year, the flow of new 
lawsuits decreased. 
The disputes mentioned above are covered by suitable provisions. 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers socalled-
Lexitor ruling 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 on credit agreements for consumers states that in the event of 
early repayment of the loan the consumer is "entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, such 
reduction consisting of the interest and the costs for the remaining duration of the contract". According to 
the Lexitor ruling, this provision must be interpreted as meaning that the right to a reduction in the total 
cost of the credit includes all the costs incurred by the consumer and therefore also includes the costs 
relating to services prior to or connected with the signing of the contract (upfront costs such as processing 
costs or agency fees).

--- Page 244 ---
10244042842-v58
- 234 -
47-41044778
 
 
Article 16, paragraph 1 of Directive 2008/48 has been transposed in Italy through Article 125 - sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking, according to which in the event of early repayment "the consumer is 
entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit, equal to the amount of interest and costs due for the 
remaining life of the contract". On the basis of this rule, the Bank of Italy, the Financial Banking Arbitrator 
and case law have held that the obligation to repay only relates to the charges that have accrued during the 
course of the relationship (recurring costs) and have been paid in advance by the customer to the lender. In 
the event of early repayment, these costs must be repaid in the amount not yet accrued and the obligation 
to repay does not include the upfront costs. 
 
Following the Lexitor judgment, the question has arisen as to whether Article 125-sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking should be interpreted in accordance with the principle laid down therein or 
whether the new principle requires a legislative amendment. According to the EU principle of "consistent 
interpretation", it cannot be (re)interpreted by the court in order to bring it into line with the various 
provisions of a European directive: the principles recognised by European Union law prevent the national 
court from being required to make an interpretation that goes against the provisions of the domestic law. In 
this regard, we note that Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking has always been interpreted 
as meaning that, in the event of early repayment, the obligation to repay relates only to recurring costs and 
therefore does not include upfront costs. 
 
In December 2019, following the Lexitor ruling, the Bank of Italy issued "guidance" for the implementation 
of the principle established by the EU Court of Justice, to the effect that all costs (including upfront costs) 
should be included among the costs to be refunded in the event of early repayment, both for new 
relationships and for existing relationships. Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy 
"guidance", even though it believes that the legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 
125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the 
Lexitor ruling are well founded. A provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and 
Charges corresponding to the estimated higher charges resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of 
Italy "guidance". 
 
On 25 July 2021, Article 11-octies of Law 106/2021 took effect, which modified paragraph 1 of Article 
125 sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking, with the intention of resolving the situation of 
uncertainty caused by the Lexitor ruling, with the following provisions: 
 
– 
with regard to the rules on mortgage lending to consumers, removal of the reference to Article 
125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking and insertion of a specific provision on the early 
redemption of this type of loan, limiting repayment to only the interest and costs due for the 
remaining life of the loan agreement; 
 
– 
with regard to the rules on consumer credit, the text of Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law 
on Banking is modified so as to implement the principles of the Lexitor ruling, indicating, 
however, the amortised cost criterion as the preferred criterion for calculating repayment; 
 
– 
these provisions only apply to loan agreements signed after the entry into force of the law 
converting the decree. Loan agreements signed before that date are expressly to be governed by 
the provisions of law ands Supervisory provisions previously in force. 
 
The new rule does not have significant impacts on new contracts: for personal loans, the contractual clauses 
already comply with the rule, and for salary-backed loan products, the companies in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group have adopted the "tutto TAN" (All APR) model, which does not apply incidental costs to the 
customer, aside from interest. As regards consumer credit agreements concluded before the date of entry 
into force of the new rule, even if the agreements expired after that date, the repayment of the upfront costs 
could be limited to the amount established in the agreement. 
 
The Coordination Board of the Banking and Financial Ombudsman (ABF), which was assigned the issue 
of repayment of the upfront costs following the entry into force of the "Lexitor amendment", issued 
Decision no. 21676 on 15 October 2021, stating the following principle: in application of the legislative 
change pursuant to Article 11 octies, paragraph 2, last sentence of Law Decree No. 73 of 25 May 2021, 
converted into Law no. 106 of 23 July 2021, in the event of early repayment of a loan entered into before 
the entry into force of the specific regulatory provisions, there must be a distinction between costs relating 
to activities over the course of the contractual relationship (recurring costs) and costs relating to the

--- Page 245 ---
10244042842-v58
- 235 -
47-41044778
 
 
fulfilment of preliminary obligations for granting the loan (upfront costs). This means that the former, but 
not the latter, can be repaid, limited to the portion not accrued due to the early repayment. 
 
The guidance from the Coordination Board of the Banking and Financial Ombudsman continues to be 
followed by the single panels, which reject the requests for pro rata repayment of upfront costs. The 
decisions were not suspended even after the issue of the legitimacy of the legislative change was referred 
to the Constitutional Court. This will be explained further be low. On 1 December 2021, the Bank of Italy 
also notified intermediaries that, as a result of the changes made by Law 106/2021 to Article 125 sexies of 
the Consolidated Law on Banking, its "guidelines" of 4 December 2019 are to be considered invalid. Those 
guidelines requested that, in the event of the early repayment of consumer credit loans, the reduction in the 
total cost of the loan be calculated, including all costs borne by the consumer (recurring and upfront costs), 
excluding taxes. 
 
Conversely, ordinary case law is divided over the application of the new rule. Several judges have applied 
the new provision by rejecting the claimant's request for pro rata repayment of upfront fees following early 
repayment. However, in a significa nt number of cases, particularly in disputes before Justices of Peace, 
the customer's right to pro rata repayment of the upfront costs was recognised, deeming that - with varying, 
questionable grounds - the Lexitor principles should be applied also following the entry into force of the 
legislative change. Those rulings have generally been challenged by the Bank. 
 
By order issued on 2 November 2021 in a lawsuit promoted against an intermediary specialising in salary-
backed loans, for repayment of the upfront costs, the Court of Turin promoted proceedings on the 
constitutionality of the "Lexitor amendment". 
 
Dispute between Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. and RB Holding S.p.A. and the Favaretto family 
In May 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. finalised an investment in RBM Assicurazioni Salute S.p.A., the 
leading Italian insurance company in the healthcare class held by RB Holding S.p.A. referring to the family 
of Roberto Favaretto, an operation that resulted in Intesa Vita S.p.A. currently controlling the insurance 
company, now named Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute S.p.A. 
On the last May, Intesa Sanpaolo Vita sent the minority shareholders RB Holding S.p.A. an indemnity 
request pursuant to and in accordance with the investment contract, in relation to the emerging situations 
that gave rise (or could give rise) to liabilities currently quantifiable at over 129 million euro, which 
substantially involve: 
− the increase in the charges for claims concerning the mètaSalute Policy due to the elimination of unfair 
business practices subject to proceedings launched by the AGCM (Italian Competition Authority); 
− credit positions (per 'premium settlements') posted to balance sheet assets at the time of closing and fully 
written down following the closing, due to their verified uncollectibility; 
− penalties for delays in payments of claims relating to the ASDEP – Healthcare for Employees of Public 
Entities Policy. 
RB Holding S.p.A. rejected all charges and, in the third week of July, along with the Favaretto family, 
submitted a petition to the Arbitration Chamber of Milan, claiming the invalidity of several clauses in the 
investment contract and shareholders' agreement of 2020 (including those relating to the put and call options 
on the minority interest and the non-competition agreement), breaches by Intesa Sanpaolo Vita of 
contractual commitments (such as the consultation clause relating to the renewal of the mètaSalute contract 
and the termination of the relationship with the previous Managing Director), the breach by the latter of the 
rules of good faith and fairness, with a request for compensation for damages totalling 423.5 million euro. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. filed its defence to the Arbitration Chamber by the assigned deadline of 5 
September 2022, fully contesting the adverse party’s arguments and also making a counterclaim for the 
payment of a total amount of 129.4 million euro, for the breach, by RB Hold S.p.A., of the representations 
and warranties issued and commitments undertaken through the investment contract, as well as the 
obligation to act in accordance with fairness and good faith, making full reference to the claims set out in 
the indemnity request of last May. The President of the Arbitration Board is due to be appointed shortly.

--- Page 246 ---
10244042842-v58
- 236 -
47-41044778
 
 
Where consultations between the parties lead to the identification of an interest in a settlement, the pending 
dispute would not prevent verification of the feasibility of this hypothesis. 
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation. 
Preliminarily, the following is noted: 
(a) 
based on the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and 
Intesa Sanpaolo (Sale Contract of 26 June 2017 and Second Acknowledgement Agreement of 
17 January 2018), two distinct categories of disputes have been identified (also relating to the 
subsidiaries of the former Venetian banks included in the sale): 
 
the previous disputes, included among the liabilities of the aggregate set 
transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, which include civil disputes relating to 
judgements already pending at 26 June 2017, with some exceptions, and in any 
case different from those included under the excluded disputes (see the point 
below); 
 
the excluded disputes, which remain under the responsibility of the banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation and which concern, among other things, 
disputes brought (also before 26 June 2017) by shareholders and convertible 
and/or subordinate bondholders of one of the two former Venetian banks, 
disputes relating to non-performing loans, disputes relating to relationships 
terminated at the date of the transfer, and all disputes (whatever their subject) 
arising after the sale and relating to acts or events occurring prior to the sale; 
(b) 
the relevant provisions were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo along with the previous disputes; 
in any case, if the allowances transferred prove insufficient, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be 
indemnified by the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, at the terms provided for 
in the Sale Contract of 26 June 2017; 
(c) 
after 26 June 2017, a number of lawsuits included within the excluded disputes were initiated 
or resumed against Intesa Sanpaolo. With regard to these lawsuits: 
(i) 
Intesa Sanpaolo is pleading and will plead its non-involvement and lack of capacity to 
be sued, both on the basis of the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017 (Article 3), and 
the agreements signed with the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation and in 
compliance with the European Commission provisions on State Aid (Decision 
C(2017) 4501 final and attachment B to the Sale Contract of 26 June 2017), which 
prohibit Intesa Sanpaolo from taking responsibility for any claims made by the 
shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former Venetian banks; 
(ii) 
if there were to be a ruling against Intesa Sanpaolo (and in any event for the charges 
incurred by Intesa Sanpaolo for any reason in relation to its involvement in any 
excluded disputes), it would have the right to be fully reimbursed by the banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation; 
(iii) 
the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation have contractually acknowledged 
their capacity to be sued with respect to the excluded disputes, such that they have 
entered appearances in various proceedings initiated (or re-initiated) by various 
shareholders and convertible and/or subordinate bondholders against Intesa Sanpaolo 
(or in any case included in the category of excluded disputes), asking for the 
declaration of their exclusive capacity to be sued and the consequent exclusion of 
Intesa Sanpaolo from those proceedings; 
(d) 
pursuant to the agreements between the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
and Intesa Sanpaolo, the disputes regarding the marketing of shares/convertible and/or 
subordinated bonds initiated against Banca Nuova and Banca Apulia (subsequently merged 
by incorporation into Intesa Sanpaolo) are also included in the excluded disputes (and 
therefore have the same treatment as described above, as a result of the above mentioned

--- Page 247 ---
10244042842-v58
- 237 -
47-41044778
 
 
provisions and based on the criteria set out in the retransfer agreements signed on 10 July 
2017, as subsequently supplemented). 
With regard to the Excluded Disputes, the Court of Cassation has issued its first ruling (Order no. 9945 of 
28 March 2022). The Court upheld the objection of lack of capacity to be sued raised by the Bank in a 
litigation concerning a loan already classified as “non-performing” at the date of the transfer and therefore 
not included in the Aggregate Set. The case had been brought, prior to the transfer, against Veneto Banca 
when it was a going concern and then resumed also against Intesa Sanpaolo after the initiation of the 
liquidation of the Venetian bank. 
The above-mentioned disputes in the excluded disputes include 84 disputes (for a total remedy sought of 
around €88 million) involving claims relating to loans sold to Intesa Sanpaolo and deriving from so-called 
"operazioni baciate"; this term refers to loans granted by the former Venetian banks (or their Italian 
subsidiaries Banca Nuova/Banca Apulia) for the purpose of, or in any case related to, investments in shares 
or convertible and/or subordinated bonds of the two former Venetian banks. 
The most recurrent claims relate to: 
- 
the violation by the former Venetian banks (or their subsidiaries) of the requirements of the rules 
on investment services; the customers claim that they were induced to purchase the shares on the 
basis of false or misleading information on the product's risk characteristics; 
- 
the invalidity of the "baciata" transaction due to the breach of Article 2358 of the Italian Civil 
Code, which prohibits companies from granting loans for the purchase of treasury shares, except 
in certain limited cases. 
The case law regarding such transactions is still very limited and does not provide a basis for inferring the 
destiny of the loans in question for Intesa Sanpaolo. Among the few judgments that have been rendered to 
date, six voided the loan sold to Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the part intended for the purchase of shares 
and were or will be appealed. In nine cases, the decision was favourable to Intesa Sanpaolo, which proved 
that there was no effective correlation between the loan and equity investment, or successfully claimed that 
it was not liable, since the disputes began after the sale but referred to events pre-dating it. 
– 
With regard to the risks arising from these disputes, it should be borne in mind that the Sale 
Contract establishes the following: 
– 
that any liability, charge and/or negative effect that may arise to Intesa Sanpaolo from actions 
disputes or claims made by shareholders and subordinated bondholders constitutes an excluded 
liability under the Contract and, as such, must be subject to indemnification by the banks in 
compulsory administrative liquidation; and 
– 
the obligation of each bank in compulsory administrative liquidation to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo 
against any damage arising from, or connected to, the violation or non-compliance of the 
representations and warranties issued by the two banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
with respect to the aggregate set transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo, and, in particular, those relating 
to the full propriety, validity and effectiveness of the loans and contracts transferred. 
On the basis of these provisions, Intesa Sanpaolo is entitled to be indemnified by the banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation against any negative effect incurred if these loans are totally or partially invalid, 
unrecoverable, or in any case not repaid as a result of legal disputes. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has already made a formal reservation in this regard to the two banks in compulsory 
administrative liquidation for all the loans acquired and arising from loans potentially qualifying as 
"operazioni baciate", even if they have not (yet) been formally contested by customers (see below 
"Initiatives undertaken with respect to the compulsory administrative liquidations"). 
In 2019 and 2021, Intesa Sanpaolo sent several claims to the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation 
containing 
requests 
(or 
reservations 
of 
the 
right 
to 
make 
subsequent 
requests) 
for 
reimbursement/indemnification of damages already incurred or potentially incurred and violations of the 
above-mentioned representations and warranties, in relation to previous disputes and excluded disputes, as 
well as in relation to the value and recoverability of several assets transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo. On several 
occasions, at the request of the banks in compulsory administrative liquidation, Intesa Sanpaolo granted

--- Page 248 ---
10244042842-v58
- 238 -
47-41044778
 
 
extension (with respect to the contractual provisions) of the deadline for contesting the claims made. The 
period is currently set to end on 31 October 2022. 
No disputes have emerged with regard to the claims already served, nor is there any reason to fear that the 
passage of time will weaken our claims. 
In this regard, it should also be noted that Paragraph 11.1.9 of the Sale Contract establishes that "the precise 
and timely payment of any obligations and liabilities assumed in favour of the Intesa Sanpaolo by Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca shall be guaranteed by the issuing body (i.e. the Ministry of the 
Economy and Finance): (i) with regard to the indemnification obligations assumed by Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca and relating to the previous disputes, up to the maximum amount of the 
remedy sought for each of the previous disputes as indicated in the case documents, net of the specific risk 
allowances transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo with the aggregate set; and (ii) with regard to the remaining 
obligations and liabilities assumed by Banca Popolare di Vicenza and/or Veneto Banca, up to the maximum 
amount of €1.5 billion" (the "Indemnification Guarantee"). 
This provision is consistent with and implements Article 4, paragraph 1, letter c) of Law Decree no. 
99/2017: the Ministry of the Economy and Finance "grants the Government independent first demand 
guarantee on the performance of the obligations of the entity in liquidation arising from commitments, 
representations and warranties issued by the entity in liquidation in the sale contract, for a maximum amount 
equal to the sum of €1,500 million plus the result of the difference between the value of the past disputes 
of the entities in liquidation, as indicated in the case documents, and the related risk provision, up to a 
maximum of €491 million". 
The Indemnification Guarantee is therefore an essential prerequisite of the Sale Contract. To date, this 
guarantee has not yet been formalised by a specific Decree from the Ministry of the Economy and Finance. 
The issuance of the guarantee by the government is a required procedure that is envisaged, not only by the 
Sale Contract of 26 June 2017, but also by the above mentioned Law Decree 99/2017. 
By order of 20 July 2021, in the proceedings relating to the Excluded Disputes brought for the alleged 
misselling of BPVi shares in which Intesa Sanpaolo (which claimed it lacks the capacity to be sued based 
on Law Decree 99/2017 and the sale contract) is also a party, the Court of Florence referred the question of 
the constitutionality of Law Decree 99/2017 to the Constitutional Court 
This is the first case of referral to the Constitutional Court of issues relating to Law Decree 99/2017. To 
date, the numerous applications for referral to the Constitutional Court formulated by the counterparties in 
proceedings relating to the Excluded Disputes have always been rejected by judges, as they were deemed 
immaterial or clearly unfounded. 
The issues raised and the supporting arguments do not seem to sufficiently consider the overall framework 
of European and Italian legislation concerning bankruptcy, bank restructuring and the governance of State 
aid (with specific reference to burden sharing). Law Decree 99/2017 is part of that regulatory framework, 
and its consistency with constitutional provisions seems to be supported by sound arguments. 
The Bank lodged an appearance in the proceedings on 13 December 2021. The Bank's defence brief 
challenges the order of referral, stating it lacks the essential requirements of specificity, clarity, correct 
illustration of the case, suitable justification for the considerations of unconstitutionality (aspects of 
inadmissibility). Moreover, the Bank acted in full compliance with the current regulatory framework and 
will support, in all instances (including the Constitutional Court, where it has filed an appearance), the 
correct application by the legal system of Law Decree 99/2017, of EU and national regulations on State aid 
as part of the operations on the Venetian Banks, the absence of discriminatory effects against the 
shareholders of the Venetian Banks, and the justification of the sacrifices required of certain categories of 
creditors. The Presidency of the Co uncil of Ministers intervened in the proceedings, asking that the 
question of constitutionality raised be declared inadmissible or unfounded. The same request was 
formulated by BPVi in liquidation in its filing of appearance. 
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market rigging 
and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect to officers 
and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo could be 
charged with civil liability. According to the judge, the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the 
debts, responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – envisaged

--- Page 249 ---
10244042842-v58
- 239 -
47-41044778
 
 
by Law Decree 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of the Italian 
Civil Code would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore take on those 
liabilities. 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or subordinated 
bonds joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo, therefore, entered an appearance requesting its exclusion 
from the proceedings, in application of the provisions of Law Decree 99/2017, of the rules established for 
the compulsory administrative liquidation of banks and, before that, of the principles and rules contained 
in the bankruptcy law, in addition to the constitutional principles and decisions made at EU level with 
regard to the operation relating to the former Venetian banks. In turn, Veneto Banca in compulsory 
administrative liquidation intervened voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial and procedural 
capacity to be sued. 
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring the 
files to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the civil 
parties were therefore removed. 
After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso, the former Managing 
Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for the offences of market-rigging, 
obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial reporting irregularities. 
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa Sanpaolo as 
civilly liable party. 
A similar motion was rejected in the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza against management 
board members and key function holders and executives of Banca Popolare di Vicenza. 
Disputes relating to bank guarantees 
This type of dispute derives from a decision of the Court of Cassation in 2017, based on a Bank of Italy 
measure of 2005 relating to a bank guarantee scheme submitted to it by the ABI (agreed with the main 
consumers' associations). The Bank of Italy deemed that three clauses in this scheme could have anti-
competition effects if applied in a standard manner by banks. Referring to that measure, the Court of 
Cassation formulated the following new principle of law: once the existence of an unlawful, and therefore, 
null and void anticompetitive agreement has been ascertained, bank guarantees that constitute the 
application of the unlawful agreement shall also be deemed unlawful, even if issued prior to the verification 
of the agreement. Recently, as part of recovery proceedings managed by Italfondiario on behalf of the Bank, 
the issue relating to the consequences of the principle stated by the Court in 2017 on individual bank 
guarantees issued based on the Italian Banking Association (ABI) scheme was referred to the Joint Sections. 
Specifically, they were asked to assess: 
a. 
whether the inclusion of the unlawful clauses in the contract justifies the declaration that 
the contracts are null and void or exclusively legitimises the claim for damages; 
b. 
in the event of nullity, what type of defect determines such nullity and which party is 
entitled to enforce it; 
c. 
whether the partial nullity of the bank guarantee is admissible; 
d. 
whether, in addition to verifying that the clauses match those deemed unlawful, the 
intention of the parties regarding the operation must be investigated and, that is, whether 
they would have gone ahead even knowing the clauses were unlawful. 
On 30 December 2021, the Joint Sections declared the partial nullity of the bank guarantees drawn up based 
on the Italian Banking Association (ABI) template, in relation to clauses 2, 6 and 8. 
An initial examination of the ruling shows that the Joint Sections opted for an intermediate solution, 
excluding the other two possible solutions: on one side, they ruled out the full validity of the bank guarantee, 
a solution which would have exclusively permitted compensation for damages as the only remedy to be 
used by the guarantor (as suggested in the conclusions of the General Prosecutor prior to the hearing of 23

--- Page 250 ---
10244042842-v58
- 240 -
47-41044778
 
 
November 2021); on the other side, they ruled out the possibility of deeming the entire bank guarantee 
contract null and void. 
The ruling of the Court of Cassation could result in an increase in disputes on this matter 
 Andrea Abbà and 207 
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. Abbà and 
207 subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche19. The claimants seek a declaration voiding the bonds 
and compensation for the damages suffered. The claim has been quantified at approximately €31 million. 
The bank filed its appearance, objecting that it lacked the capacity to be sued, arguing in particular that the 
bonds in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Bridge Entity to UBI. UBI also argued that the 
claimant's claims had become time barred and that the adverse parties lacked capacity, since they were not 
the "first borrowers" and thus by law were not entitled to claim that the original bonds were inherently 
flawed. Finally, the lack of grounds to void the bonds and of evidence of the causal relationship between 
the bank's conduct at issue and the damages was underscored. 
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the proceedings, upholding 
the arguments and conclusions formulated by UBI. Following its interruption due to the death of one of the 
claimants, the lawsuit was resumed and postponed to 15 February 2022. The Court of Milan, Business 
Section granted the terms for filing preliminary briefs and scheduled the hearing for 28 March 2023. The 
lawsuit risk is to be considered "possible". 
AC Costruzioni S.r.l. 
Proceedings brought by AC Costruzioni S.r.l. (subsequently declared bankrupt) and Aurelio Cava 
(deceased during the trial) seeking a declaratory judgment establishing contractual and/or extracontractual 
liability of the bank for the revocation of the credit facilities in1998 and a judgment ordering the bank to 
provide compensation for the damages resulting from revocation, quantified at a total of around €33 million. 
The adverse party's claims were rejected in full by both the Court of Cosenza and the Catanzaro Court of 
Appeal, which upheld the arguments made by the bank. The judgment of the second instance was appealed 
by Cava's heirs and then by the receiver to AC Costruzioni by counter-appeal and cross-appeal. 
By order filed at the end of July 2022, the Court of Cassation rejected the appeals filed by the adverse 
parties in their entirety and ordered them to pay the cost to the bank. 
Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly the Province of Rome) 
Criminal proceedings are pending before the Rome Public Prosecutor's Office against a former Banca IMI 
manager for co-commission of aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital (formerly 
the Province of Rome). 
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, through the real 
estate fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the Province of Rome), of the new EUR 
premises. 
The real-estate transaction received financing of €232 million from UniCredit, BNL and Banca IMI (each 
with 1/3). 
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of the two other 
lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages the provincial fund and 
two public officials – the fund's internal control bodies and representatives of the Province, allowing the 
lending banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus causing significant damages to the public authority. In 
addition, the Public Prosecutor claims that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a loan under 
different, more burdensome conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by the public 
entity for the transaction. 
 
19  See the previous note.

--- Page 251 ---
10244042842-v58
- 241 -
47-41044778
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo(as the company that absorbed Banca IMI) is investigated in the criminal proceeding 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 together with the other two lending banks and the real-estate fund 
management company. 
Based on early reconstructions, there is reason to believe that the correctness of the Bank's actions will be 
confirmed. 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies 
In the context of the government's decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa Sanpaolo 
sold to Equitalia S.p.A, now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full ownership of Gest 
Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, undertaking to indemnify the 
buyer against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried out up to the time of purchase of 
the equity investments. 
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes with tax authorities, taxpayers and employees 
and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the time of the sale. 
Overall, the claims made amount to € approximately 74.9 million. A technical roundtable has been formed 
with the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division in order to assess the parties' claims. 
Energy s.r.l. 
Energy s.r.l., to which the bankruptcy receiver of C.I.S.I. s.r.l. transferred all its rights towards third parties, 
brought a claim before the Court of Rome against Intesa Sanpaolo seeking to quash the revocation of the 
subsidised loan of approximately €22 million granted to C.I.S.I. S.r.l. in 1997 pursuant to Law 488/92 and 
a judgment ordering the Ministry of Economic Development, Intesa Sanpaolo (as the concessionaire for 
the procedural application process) and Vittoria Assicurazioni (guarantor of the payment of the second 
tranche of the loan), jointly and severally between them, to provide compensation for damages allegedly 
incurred, quantified at a total of approximately €53 million. The company justified its claim by citing a 
favourable judgment rendered in criminal proceedings originating from a complaint filed against C.I.S.I. 
and its director alleging grave irregularities and breach in the execution of the business plan to which the 
loan referred – proceedings that had led to the revocation of the subsidised loan. Intesa Sanpaolo entered 
its appearance, denying that there was any basis for the adverse parties' claims, arguing that all claims for 
compensation against the Bank had become time barred, the claims were groundless on the merits and the 
damages had been represented inappropriately. 
After the trial process was begun and the usual briefings were exchanged without the preliminary 
investigation being carried out, the pre-trial evidentiary hearing was held on 23 March 2021. 
The closing defence arguments and replies were filed by 8 September 2021, and the issue of the ruling is 
pending. 
Previous legal initiatives taken by C.I.S.I. and then by its bankruptcy receiver before the administrative and 
ordin ary courts were rejected with regard to Intesa Sanpaolo's position (in particular, a claim for 
compensation for alleged damages). Despite the favourable outcome of the previous disputes and the 
defences presented, the risk of the lawsuit is currently deemed possible. 
Engineering Service Srl 
In 2015, Engineering Service Srl brought a civil suit against the Ministry of Economic Development, BPER 
and UBI regarding the granting of public subsidies to businesses. The claimant accuses our bank (and 
BPER) of delays in managing the approval procedure and disbursements – delays that allegedly resulted in 
a liquidity crisis for the company and the consequent loss of the public contribution. 
A claim for damages for approximately €28 million was brought against our Bank. The Bank's defence 
counsel argued that the approval times depended on BPER, to which it thus submitted a claim for indemnity. 
Following the revocation of the order to carry out a court-appointed expert's report, the Court of Rome, 
with ruling dated 9 November 2021, which became final, due to lack of appeal, fully rejected the claimant's 
application, ordering it to pay the legal fees of all the parties summoned.

--- Page 252 ---
10244042842-v58
- 242 -
47-41044778
 
 
G.I.& E. Bankruptcy 
In November 2021, the G.I.& E. S.p.A. Bankruptcy Receiver initiated action for compensation of damages 
against Intesa Sanpaolo (as the absorbing company of Banca dell'Adriatico) and UBI (as the absorbing 
company of Banca Marche and Popolare di Ancona), as well as against other banks, claiming that they 
were liable for having contributed, along with the conduct of the directors and control bodies, to artificially 
keeping the company afloat and worsening its default. 
The alleged damages claimed were quantified by the counterparty at around 22.5 million euro. 
The first hearing is scheduled for mid to late March 2022. 
Isoldi Holding Bankruptcy 
The receiver to Isoldi sued UBI (which absorbed Nuova Banca Etruria and Centrobanca), Intesa Sanpaolo 
and five other banks in June 2020, before the Court of Bologna, claiming that they were liable, jointly and 
severally with the management body of Isoldi Holding, for a series of acts of diversion of assets that are 
claimed to have contributed to the company's artificial survival in the period June 2011 – June 2013, due 
to conduct claimed to have been implemented by preparing a turnaround plan pursuant to Article 67, para. 
3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy Law based on unlawful acts and a connected agreement governing the 
disbursement of new finance, acts that are argued to have artificially deferred the company's crisis and 
concealed the irreversibility of its default. 
The Isoldi Bankruptcy Receiver also formulated a joint claim against Intesa Sanpaolo (prior to the 
incorporation of UBI) and MPS, claiming their liability, jointly with the Sole Director of Isoldi Holding, 
for allegedly unlawful conduct connected with the bail-in of Aedes, in which Isoldi Holding was interested 
in taking over the majority shareholding. 
The total damages claimed by the counterparty do not seem to be accurately quantifiable as things stand, 
also taking account of the various conduct of the various banks challenged. 
By way of order served in August 2021, the Court of Bologna declared that it had no jurisdiction and, in 
November 2021, the counterparty resumed the proceedings before the Court of Turin, before which the 
Bank will file a new appearance by the deadline set for the first hearing, scheduled for March 2022. 
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro 
In 2018, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca (as 
the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer Banca Marche S.p.A.20) and PwC (the auditing firm that 
certified all the financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the defendants 
published data and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca delle Marche 
S.p.A. that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed to have 
led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank's shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. 
In later years, these shares went on to decline in value considerably, resulting in a loss quantified at 
approximately €52 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, 
by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca 
delle Marche. The Court rejected all preliminary applications filed and adjourned the case to 13 July 2021 
for the entry of conclusions. The parties have filed their closing briefs and the ruling is pending. Despite 
the fact that rulings are usually favourable to accepting UBI's objection that it lacks the capacity to be sued, 
the Bank has estimated a "possible" risk of a negative outcome. 
Fondazione Cassa Risparmio di Jesi 
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi brought a compensation claim against UBI Banca 
(as the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer Banca Marche S.p.A.21) and PwC (independentent auditors 
that certified all the financial statements and the figures presented in the Prospectus) alleging that the 
 
20  See the previous note 
21  See the previous note

--- Page 253 ---
10244042842-v58
- 243 -
47-41044778
 
 
defendants published data and information regarding the financial performance and position of Banca delle 
Marche S.p.A. that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This information, contained in the 
financial statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and included in the Prospectus, is claimed 
to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the bank's shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 
2012. The value of these shares then fell to zero, resulting in a loss quantified at approximately €25 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by UBI, 
by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for Banca 
delle Marche. 
By a judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack of capacity 
to be sued raised by the bank, rejecting the claims lodged. In the appeal proceedings initiated by the 
Foundation before the Ancona Court of Appeal, the terms for filing closing briefs are pending. Despite the 
fact that the first instance ruling accepted the claim of lack of capacity to be sued formulated by UBI and 
the rulings on this point are usually favourable to the Bank, the risk of a negative outcome is estimated as 
"possible". 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Macerata 
In February 2022, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Macerata sent a non-judicial letter of 
warning and notice to pay to Intesa Sanpaolo (as successor to UBI Banca, which in turn had absorbed the 
good bank Nuova Banca delle Marche22), and a former representative of Banca delle Marche, for the 
financial and image-related damage allegedly suffered for a sum quantifiable at no less than 50 million 
euro. 
The Foundation alleges that in 2012 it subscribed to the share capital increase resolved in October 2011 by 
the then Banca delle Marche, purchasing shares for a total amount of over 40 million euro, solely on the 
basis of its reliance on (i) the data contained in the bank's annual financial statements and (ii) the 
"Prospectus" produced for that capital increase, which later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. 
The Bank rejected the claim for damages in its entirety, arguing first of all that it lacked capacity to be sued 
and that the limitation period had expired, and also fully contesting the claims on the merits. 
Fondazi one Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
In 2014, Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena ("FMPS") brought an action for compensation for the 
damages allegedly suffered as a result of a loan granted in 2011 by a pool of 13 banks and intended to 
provide it with the resources to subscribe for a capital increase of MPS. The damages claimed were 
allegedly due to the reduction in the market value of the MPS shares purchased with the sums disbursed by 
the banks. In the proceedings, FMPS summoned eight former directors of the Foundation that were in office 
in 2011 and the 13 banks in the pool (including Intesa Sanpaolo and Banca IMI). The banks have been 
charged with non-contractual liability due to their participation in the alleged violation by the former 
directors of the debt-equity ratio limit set in the charter. The claim for damages has been quantified at 
around €286 million, jointly and severally for all the defendants. The defence adopted by the banks included 
the argument that the alleged breach of the aforementioned charter limit did not apply, because it was based 
on an incorrect valuation of the Foundation's balance sheet items. In addition, in the loan agreement, FMPS 
itself assured the banks that the charter limit had not been breached and, therefore, any breach of the charter 
would at most give rise to the sole responsibility of the former directors of the Foundation. 
In November 2019, the Court of Florence, before which the trial is currently pending, handed down a non- 
definitive judgment rejecting some preliminary arguments/arguments as to jurisdiction raised by the banks, 
while reserving the parties' preliminary applications for decision. The banks appealed the judgment before 
the Florence Court of Appeal in respect of the rejection of the argument as to lack of jurisdiction, finding 
there to be solid arguments for the judgment in question to be overturned. The judge of the first instance 
lifted the reserve to decide the preliminary applications and admitted the court-appointed expert witness 
testimony requested by the Foundation on exceeding the debt limit set by the Articles of Association when 
the loan was granted. 
In the second half of 2021, contacts were initiated for settlement with the Foundation to verify the 
possibility to amicably settle the dispute through a minimum payment, if compared to the initial claim by 
 
22  See the previous note

--- Page 254 ---
10244042842-v58
- 244 -
47-41044778
 
 
the claimant, taking account of the hi gh costs of continuing the proceedings, increased by the approval of 
the expert witness report. Following extensive negotiations, an agreement was reached that entails a charge 
to be divided among the banks in the pool, based on their portions of the loan disbursed in 2011. Intesa 
Sanpaolo's portion amounts to around 922 thousand euro. The agreement was formalised on 20 December, 
and payment was made on 17 January 2022. 
As regards the appeal proceedings promoted by the banks regarding the lack of jurisdiction, with order 
dated 29 April 2022, the Court of Appeal of Florence declared the expiry of the proceedings between the 
banks and the Foundation. 
Alitalia Group: Claw-back actions 
In August 2011, companies of the Alitalia Group under Extraordinary Administration– namely Alitalia 
Linee Aeree, Alitalia Servizi, Alitalia Airport and Alitalia Express – brought five bankruptcy claw-back 
proceedings against the Bank before the Court of Rome (of which one against the former Cassa di 
Risparmio di Firenze), requesting the repayment of a total of €44.6 million. 
When the proceedings were initiated, a line of defence was adopted based mainly on the grounds that the 
actions were invalid due to the vagueness of the claims, that the condition of knowledge of the Alitalia 
Group's state of insolvency (subject first of the Air France plan and then of the subsequent rescue conducted 
by the Italian Government) did not apply, and that the credited items were not eligible for claw back, due 
to the specific nature of the account movements. 
In March 2016, the Court of Rome upheld Alitalia Servizi's petition and ordered the Bank to repay around 
€17 million, plus accessory costs. In addition to being contestable on the merits, the ruling was issued before 
the deadline for filing of the final arguments. 
Accordingly, in the appeal subsequently lodged, a preliminary objection was made regarding the invalidity 
of the judgment, together with an application for suspension of its provisional enforceability, which was 
upheld by order of 15 July 2016 of the Court of Appeal. The final arguments have been filed in the case 
and the judgment is pending. The lawsuit brought by Alitalia Linee Aeree was won in the first instance and 
is in the appeal phase, whereas the lawsuits brought by Alitalia Express and Alitalia Servizi against the 
former C.R. di Firenze were favourably concluded in the first two instances followed by appeals to the 
Court of Cassation, still pending, by the two Bankruptcy Proceedings. For Alitalia Airport, which was also 
won at first instance, the favourable judgment has become final. 
Note that negotiations with the Extraordinary Receivers are under way, in an advanced phase, regarding 
the settlement of the entire dispute, contemplating an outlay that is already fully covered by provisions 
Gruppo Elifani 
Lawsuit brought in 2009 by Edilizia Immobiliare San Giorgio 89 S.r.l. (now incorporated into Eselfin, 
which filed an appearance as its replacement), San Paolo Edilizia S.r.l., Hotel Cristallo S.r.l. and the 
guarantor-shareholder Mario Elifani seeking compensation for damages suffered due to alleged unlawful 
conduct by the Bank for having requested guarantees disproportionate to the credit granted, enforced pledge 
guarantees, applied usurious interest to mortgage loans and submitted erroneous reports to the Central 
Credit Register. The initially claimed amount was approximately €116 million and the dispute refers to the 
same circumstances mostly already cited in the disputes regarding anatocism and interest in excess of the 
legal amount brought by the aforementioned companies in 2004 and settled in early 2014. The lawsuit had 
a favourable outcome for the Bank in both the first and second instances. By order of 27 December 2019, 
the Court of Cassation partially granted the adverse parties' petition, with referral of the matter. The adverse 
parties resumed the lawsuit before the Milan Court of Appeal, quantifying the claim at approximately €72 
million, in addition to interest and inflation, and thus at a total of approximately €100 million. At the hearing 
19 January 2022, scheduled for an evidentiary hearing, the Court deferred judgement, granting terms for 
closing briefs (7/3/2022) and replies (28/3/2022). 
The Bank also has a valid basis for its defence in this stage of the dispute, given that in the previous instances 
of the trial the disputed conduct was essentially found to be correct. At present, the risk of a lawsuit is 
deemed possible. Further evaluation may be made as a result of the upcoming hearing.

--- Page 255 ---
10244042842-v58
- 245 -
47-41044778
 
 
Lastly, with a ruling of June 2022, the Court of Appeal of Milan, reviewing the case, rejected the claims 
made by the claimants, ordering them to pay the legal fees. 
Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.A. in liquidation and bankruptcy 
In January 2018 the receiver to Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.a. sued its former directors and statutory 
auditors, its independent auditors and UBI Banca (as the company that absorbed Centrobanca), seeking a 
judgment ordering compensation for alleged damages suffered due to the many acts of mismanagement of 
the company while in good standing. 
According to the claimant's arguments, Centrobanca, which was merged into UBI, provided financial 
support to the parent company of the bankrupt company (Mariella Burani Holding S.p.A.) in 2008, in an 
operation on its subsidiary, despite the signs of insolvency that the latter began to show in September 2007, 
causing damages quantified at approximately €92 million. 
On a preliminary level, the bank argued that the receiver lacked capacity to sue since the disputed loan had 
been disbursed to the parent company of Mariella Burani Fashion Group S.p.a.; moreover, the alleged 
damages for which the receiver claims compensation were argued to have been in fact sustained by the 
company's creditors (and not by the procedure). 
With regard to the merit of the claims, the bank stressed that it had acted properly and the borrower in good 
standing was solely liable since it bore exclusive responsibility for preparing the untrue financial 
statements, circulating the misinformation and continuing to operate the company in an alleged state of 
insolvency. 
The proceedings are currently in the preliminary phase 
Offering of diamonds 
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of this 
initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a "safe haven 
asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had already been 
sold for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from 
the end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total of around €130 
million. The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards progressively 
enhanced over time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the prices applied by 
DPI. 
In February 2017, the AGCM (the Italian Competition Authority) brought proceedings against companies 
that marketed diamonds, (DPI and other companies), for alleged conduct in breach of the provisions on 
unfair business practices. 
In April, those proceedings were extended to the banks that carried out the recommendation of the services 
of those companies. 
At the end of those proceedings, on 30 October 2017, the AGCM notified the penalties imposed for the 
alleged breach of the Consumer Code through the conduct of DPI and of the banks which the proceedings 
had been extended to, consisting - in short - of having provided partial, deceptive and misleading 
information on the characteristics of the diamond purchases, the methods used to calculate the price - 
presented as being the market price - and the performance of the market. The Authority issued a fine of €3 
million against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of €3.5 million, after the Authority had 
recognised the value of the measures taken by Intesa Sanpaolo from 2016 to strengthen the safeguards on 
the offering process aimed, in particular, at ensuring proper information was provided to customers. 
Following the order by the AGCM, the Bank paid the amount of the fine and filed an appeal with the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court against the order. There were no developments regarding this appeal during 
2021. 
From November 2017, the Bank:

--- Page 256 ---
10244042842-v58
- 246 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
terminated the partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment (DPI) and ceased the 
activity, which had already been suspended in October 2017; 
 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for 
the purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the 
customers' resale needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met 
by DPI; and 
 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature 
of the stones as durable goods, and confirming the Bank's willingness to intervene directly in 
relation to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI. 
In 2021, 99 requests were received for around 1.6 million euro. At the end of the year, a total of 6,822 
repurchase requests had been received from customers and met by the Bank, for a total value of 115.8 
million euro. The valuation of the repurchased diamonds is carried out using the values provided by the 
IDEX Diamond Retail Benchmark, one of the main online trading platforms used in the main markets by 
over 7,000 traders. 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of €11.1 million was served, corresponding to 
the fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank. The preliminary investigations initiated by the 
Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan also concern four other banks (more involved) and two companies that 
sell diamonds. In October 2019, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was served, which stated that 
two of the Bank's operators were currently under investigation for alleged aggravated fraud (in collusion 
with other parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified for allegations of self-laundering, 
while ISP is being charged with the administrative offence pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 
in relation to this latter predicate offence. 
In reaction to the latter claims, in July 2021, the hearing was held, in which the Preliminary Investigation 
Judge accepted the plea bargain request which Intesa Sanpaolo had submitted solely to bring to an end the 
lengthy legal proceedings and which had been supported by the Public Prosecutor's Office – issuing a ruling 
which ordered only a financial penalty of €100,000, and the confiscation of only the sums constituting the 
profit from the offence of self-laundering, calculated at €61,000. 
Following the plea bargain ruling of July 2021, which defined the Bank’s position in the well-known 
criminal proceedings before the Court of Milan, the proceedings were partially transferred for reasons of 
territorial jurisdiction to the Court of Rome, and in August 2022 the order was issued for the revocation of 
the preventive seizure executed in February 2019 concerning the profit from the alleged crime of fraud, as 
well as the full restitution to the Bank of the sum of around 11 million euro. 
Now, we are confident that the Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan will request the dismissal against the 
two operators investigated. 
Reyl & Cie (Switzerland) 
The Public Prosecutor’s Office of Milan initiated criminal proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 
231/2001 against Reyl & Cie (a Swiss subsidiary of Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking) for the 
predicate offence of money laundering, allegedly committed by one of its former employees (dismissed in 
2020), and ordered the seizure of securities owned by Reyl for around 1.1 million euro. The proceedings 
also involve the Swiss bank Cramer & Cie. Neither Fideuram ISPB nor ISP are currently involved in the 
proceedings. The circumstances alleged relate to events that took place in 2018, before Reyl & Cie joined 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group in May 2021. According to the prosecution, the former employee, together with 
his brother, an employee of the bank Cramer & Cie, and an external advisor, allegedly engaged in practices 
aimed at facilitating tax evasion by Italian customers through the transfer of accounts from Switzerland to 
branches located in the Bahamas, in order to allow those customers to withdraw money from those accounts 
without the possibility of being traced by the Italian authorities. The possibility is being evaluated of filing 
a petition with both the Swiss and Italian authorities to revoke and/or reduce the amount of the seizure. 
Indeed, an examination of the documents of the proceedings has revealed elements indicating that it may 
be considered reasonable that such a petition would be upheld. A request for disqualification from operating 
in Italy has not been made against Reyl & Cie, although investigations are still pending and it is not yet 
possible to access the related documents.

--- Page 257 ---
10244042842-v58
- 247 -
47-41044778
 
 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest) 
An inspection conducted by the Audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of 
Sanpaolo Invest. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities affecting several customers, 
including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental amounts. On 28 June 2019, the 
company terminated the agency contract with the private banker due to just cause and communicated the 
findings to the Judicial Authority and the Supervisory Body for financial advisors, which first suspended 
and then removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in December 2019. 
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 278 compensation claims (including 
complaints, mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of approximately €62.7 million, mostly 
based on alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed transactions in financial instruments, false account 
statements and the debiting of fees relating to advisory service. There are currently 47 pending claims, with 
a present value of approximately €17 million, following the resolution of 231 positions. 
The total amount of €4.2 million was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and already 
returned to the customers harmed) and there are pending attachments of approximately €4 million. 
A precautionary attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the balance 
found in the accounts and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security position with 
Enasarco. In the ensuing case on the merits, the former private banker filed a counterclaim in the total 
amount of €0.6 million by way of non-payment of indemnity for termination of the relationship. 
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private bankers to recover the claims arising from 
withdrawal from the agency contract, in the total amount of €1.6 million, in addition to interest by way of 
indemnity in lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and reimbursement of advances of bonuses. 
Adequate provisions have been set aside for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct discussed above, 
mainly for the damages verified relating to compensation claims and pending lawsuits. 
The above provisions do not consider the coverage envisaged by the specific insurance policy in force, 
under which the insurance company has already paid an initial advance of 744 thousand euro. 
Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. (Extraordinary Administration): Claw-back actions 
In July 2013, Tirrenia di Navigazione in A.S. filed two bankruptcy claw-back actions before the Court of 
Rome against the former Cassa di Risparmio di Venezia for €2.7 million and against the former Banco di 
Napoli for €33.8 million. 
In both cases, the plaintiff claimed that there was knowledge of the state of insolvency for the entire half 
year prior to admission to extraordinary administration on the basis of media reports, the non-renewal of 
shipping concessions, the absence of state subsidies (because they were considered state aid), and the 
information from the central credit register. 
The claim was quantified on the same basis as the so-called "return of profits" earned on Tirrenia's accounts, 
corresponding to the difference between the maximum debt exposure and the final balance of the accounts 
generated in the half year prior to the declaration of insolvency. The case against the former CR Venezia 
was concluded at first instance in 2016 with an order for payment of €2.8 million. That lawsuit against the 
former Banco di Napoli, was concluded in November 2021 with the Bank ordered to pay 14.5 million euro. 
In that regard, adequate provisions have been set aside, considering the possibility to settle the proceedings, 
which are now both in appeal. 
Selarl Bruno Raulet (formerly Dargent Tirmant Raulet) dispute 
The claim was filed before a French Court in 2001 by the trustee in bankruptcy for the bankruptcy of the 
real estate entrepreneur Philippe Vincent, which made a request to the Bank for compensation of €56.6 
million for the alleged "improper financial support" provided to the entrepreneur. The claim of the trustee 
in bankruptcy has consistently been rejected by the courts of different instance which dealt with the case 
over 17 years, until the Court of Colmar, in May 2018, ordered the Bank to pay compensation of the around 
€23 million. The Colmar judgment was appealed before the French Supreme Court of Cassation, which in 
January 2020 overturned and quashed the decision of the Court of Appeal of Colmar and referred the matter 
to the Court of Appeal of Metz.

--- Page 258 ---
10244042842-v58
- 248 -
47-41044778
 
 
Consequently, in the first quarter of 2020, the Bank obtained the refund of around €23 million paid 
according to the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Colmar in 2018, which was credited to the restricted 
current account held at CARPA (Cassa dell'Ordine degli avvocati). 
At the end of July 2020, the bankruptcy receiver referred the dispute to the Court of Appeal of Metz, 
requesting payment of €55.6 million (equal to the entire amount of insolvency liabilities, minus the amount 
obtained from the sale of the property whose purchase was financed by the Bank). In turn, the Bank filed 
an appearance and challenged the opposing party's claims. 
In a ruling delivered on 27 July 2021, the Metz Court of Appeal partially upheld the receivership's claim 
for €55.6 million for wrongful granting of credit and ordered the Bank to pay around €20 million, plus legal 
costs of the various instances of the proceedings (amounting to a total of €20.6 million). 
The Court quantified the damage suffered by the insolvency estate as being equal to the loan granted by the 
Bank, less the proceeds from the sale of the asset given as security. 
In December 2021, an appeal was initiated before the French Court of Cassation, as in the opinion of the 
external lawyers assisting Intesa Sanpaolo, there are grounds for a revision of the ruling. 
In parallel, the receivership autonomously challenged the decision of the Court of Appeal, insisting that the 
Bank be ordered to pay all the insolvency liabilities. The Bank deposited its counterclaims in these 
proceedings.  
In November 2021, payment was made to the receivership of the amount ordered, using the same methods 
as those adopted for the previous ruling made by the Colmar Court of Appeal. Also in this case, the amounts 
were temporarily deposited at CARPA and unavailable until the Court of Cassation issues its ruling. 
A hearing was held on 4 October 2022 and the decision is expected to be filed in the coming months. 
Lawsuit against two Hungarian subsidiaries of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The lawsuit is connected with a lease agreement terminated by one of the subsidiaries in 2010. During 
2011, the tenant initiated proceedings in civil court, and during 2021, it supplemented its initial claim, 
formulating new claims and, as a result, increasing the total of the claims to around 31 million euro. The 
subsidiaries firmly object to all the claims submitted by the claimant, both in fact and under law. 
The defense attorneys of the defendant companies deem that the additional claims formulated during the 
lawsuit are unfounded and do not entail changes in the total level of risk of the dispute. 
In July 2022, the Court rejected all of the plaintiff company’s claims, finding that it lacked standing. The 
adverse party brought an appeal before the Budapest Court of Appeal. 
Intesa Sanpaolo's subsidiaries took action in 2012 for the recognition of their receivables claimed against 
the tenant resulting from unpaid lease rentals. These proceedings are currently pending. 
Società Italiana per le Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. under Extraordinary Administration 
In June 2022, the letter of warning and notice to pay was received from the Receivers of the Extraordinary 
Administration of Società Italiana per le Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. admitted to the "Marzano" proceedings 
by way of Italian Ministerial Decree of 6 August 2018. 
The counterparty alleges the Bank's liability for unlawfully granting credit to the company, contributing to 
the continuation of itsb usiness at a loss and the aggravation of its failure. 
The Receivers have formulated a request for compensation, currently out-of-court, for 380 million euro, 
reserving the right to provide a more accurate quantification of the damages. The preliminary investigation 
of that request is under way and, in the current phase, no risk forecast can be formulated, also due to the 
fact that the warning alleges the contribution by other banks in causing the failure, without identifying their 
specific wrongdoing. 
The Extraordinary Administration has also promoted against Intesa Sanpaolo three bankruptcy revocatory 
actions before the Court of Rome, with a request to reimburse amounts of around 16 million euro.

--- Page 259 ---
10244042842-v58
- 249 -
47-41044778
 
 
Labour litigation 
In line with the situation as at 31 December 2021, as at 30 June 2022 there were no significant cases of 
labour litigation, also with respect to the former UBI Banca Group, from either a qualitative or quantitative 
standpoint. In general, all labour litigation is covered by specific provisions adequate to meet any outlays. 
Contingent assets 
As for contingent assets, and the IMI/SIR dispute in particular, it should be recalled that following the final 
judgement establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices Rovelli, 
Acampora, Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation for damages, with the 
determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then brought a case before the 
Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages from those responsible. 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for Intesa 
Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime Minister's Office 
(pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa Sanpaolo €173 million 
net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final payment, plus legal 
expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the meantime by the Bank as part 
of the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the counterparties Previti and Pacifico. In July 2016, 
the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with respect to the 
amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses, and adjourned the hearing 
of the final pleadings to June 2018. As a result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office of the President 
of the Council of Ministers credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of €131,173,551.58 (corresponding to 
the €130 million of the order, in addition to legal interest and reimbursement of expenses). To avoid dispute, 
only the exact amount of the order, without applying the gross-up, was demanded and collected. On 16 
April 2020, the ruling of the Court of Appeal of Rome was filed, which essentially upheld the Court's ruling, 
while reducing the amount of non-financial damages to €8 million (compared to €77 million that had been 
quantified by the court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at €108 million, to be considered net 
of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. 
In the second quarter of 2020 the bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error contained in the 
finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the bank's petition 
by ruling filed on 7 December 2020. Last May the Bank filed an appeal with the Court of Cassation against 
the Rome Court of Appeal's ruling of 16 April 2020. The appeal sets out two main grounds: 
a) the reduction to € 8 million of the non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal, compared 
to the 77 million euro recognised in the first instance ruling is arbitrary and devoid of any sound 
legal or logical reasoning; and 
b) even accepting the reduction under point a), the Court made a miscalculation when redetermining 
the amount of total damages That aspect was already the subject of an application for material 
correction filed in 2020, rejected by the Court as the Court deemed it an issue that could be 
remedied through appeal 
Tax litigation 
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks and 
charges.  
No new disputes of a significant amount involving Intesa Sanpaolo arose during the third quarter of 2022. 
The only event to report was a VAT claim for the year 2016 for the former Mediocredito Italiano in 
relation to nautical leases (1.5 million euro). There are also no significant events for the Italian and 
international subsidiaries. 
Tax Proceedings related to the Issuer 
As at 30 September 2022, the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo had 516 proceedings pending (579 as at 
30 June 2022) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of €127.6 million (€128.6 
million), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings in both the lower and higher courts.

--- Page 260 ---
10244042842-v58
- 250 -
47-41044778
 
 
Compared to 30 June 2022, the main events that influenced the reduction in the amount claimed (-1 
million euro) were: 
– 
an increase (around €3.5 million), due to: i) new claims of €2 million, mainly for the above-
mentioned VAT claim for the year 2016 for the former Mediocredito Italiano relating to nautical 
leases (€1.5 million) and for registration tax on judicial acts (€0.3 million); ii) adjustment of the 
value of the former Sudameris dispute of €1 million, due to the appreciation of the Brazilian 
currency against the euro; and iii) interest accrued on the outstanding disputes of €0.5 million; 
– 
a decrease (around €4.5 million), due to: i) the closure of disputes concerning registration tax for 
€1.9 million, mainly relating to the sale of a business unit (€1.7 million – sale of bank branches 
to the then Credito Piemontese) and to the registration tax on judicial acts (€0.1 million); ii) the 
closure of disputes concerning municipal property tax (IMU) on properties from leases, both 
following settlement and cancellation by the municipalities for €0.3 million; and iii) €2.3 million 
for the settlement of various disputes individually involving small amounts, except for a VAT 
claim for nautical leases for €1.4 million. 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at €57.8 million as at 
30 September 2022 (€55.2 million as at 30 June 2022). 
In the three months ended September 30, 2022, 76 disputes were closed at the level of the Issuer for a 
total of €4.5 million with a disbursement of approximately €0.6 million. 
Compared to 30 June 2022, the increase in provisions (+€2.6 million) was due to the above-mentioned 
VAT claim for the year 2016 for the former Mediocredito Italiano relating to nautical leases (€1.5 
million), together with the penalty and related surcharges (€2 million) included in a payment notice of 
€10 million for an unfavourable ruling by the Court of Cassation in connection with the dispute on the 
registration tax for the demerger of a business unit from ISP to State Street Bank (the proceedings on the 
payment notice for registration tax related to this transaction are still pending). 
With regard to the main outstanding disputes, there were no significant changes in the quarter, except for 
the above-mentioned VAT claim for the year 2016 for the former Mediocredito Italiano relating to 
nautical leases (1.5 million euro) to which the tax exemption was applied due to the vessel’s use for 
navigation on the high seas, which has been fully provisioned, but is nevertheless being appealed (appeal 
filed in August 2022). 
Tax Proceedings related to Group Companies 
With regard to Group companies, the following developments occurred during the first half-year 2022 in 
the tax proceedings in which we are a party (Group companies data are updated to 30 June 2022 except 
for Banco Sudameris Brasil Dispute, related to a subsidiary sold in 2003 so that the dispute is managed at 
parent level).  In all cases, we have determined the amounts not to be material and therefore have not 
made any specific provisions, unless otherwise stated below.  
 
IMI SEC Tax Audit:  The tax audit on Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities is still underway for 
the year 2017, for which the U.S. tax authorities are contesting the composition of IMI 
Securities’ revenues, which have a high level of income originating from outside the State 
of New York and would therefore be subject to lower tax.  The tax audit for the years 2015 
and 2016 closed without findings.  
 
Banco Sudameris Brasil Dispute: We are also involved in a dispute pending in Brazil in 
relation to our former subsidiary Banco Sudameris Brasil (now Banco Santander Brasil), 
sold in 2003 to ABN AMRO Brasil (now the Santander Group), due to the commitments 
undertaken with the transferee.  This dispute regards a charge that was not settled 
concerning taxes on income and social security contributions for 1995. In April 2021, the 
first instance judgement ruled in favor to the Brazilian tax authorities.  On May 10, 2021,

--- Page 261 ---
10244042842-v58
- 251 -
47-41044778
 
 
the judgment was appealed, and the case is now pending before the court of second 
instance.  The remedy sought amounts of €41.6 million, corresponding to the amount of 
the security deposit paid to bring the case before the civil courts and accounted for in the 
relevant balance sheet assets.  The related risk of unrecoverability has been allocated to 
the provision for disputes for €8 million (+ €0.2 million compared to 30 June, 2022). The 
increase is due to the appreciation of the Brazilian currency on the Euro compared to the 
last exchange rate.  Local legal advisors consider the risk of a negative outcome in the 
proceedings to be remote for the component of interest equal to approximately €25.6 
million.  We set up an allowance in provisions for risks for 50% of that relevant amount 
for taxes and penalties, equal to €16 million.  
On 13 June 2022 Prof. Tercio Sampaio Ferraz released a legal opinion in which, inter alia, he confirms 
the argument put forth by Intesa Sanpaolo that the settlement with regard to the year 1995, based on 
specific local Brazilian law (Art. 17 of Brazilian Law no. 9799/1999), the subject of an administrative 
dispute closed in favour of the taxpayer with two decisions of the Administrative Court (CARF), cannot 
be put under discussion once again. 
 
UBI Trustee S.A. Dispute: In December 2021, the Provincial Tax Office of Monza and 
Brianza served UBI Trustee S.A. with notifications of penalties for the years 2014 and 
2015 regarding four trusts managed by UBI Trustee S.A. and established by a holding 
company.  According to the Revenue Agency, these trusts were established by the 
beneficial owners of that holding company.  The notifications of the Provincial Tax Office 
of Monza and Brianza impose penalties totaling €2 million for breaches of the rules on the 
tax monitoring of capital held abroad by taxpayers resident in Italy.  Following the 
reclassification of the four trusts as having tax residency in Italy, the Revenue Agency 
claimed the failure to report in the years 2014 and 2015 the ownership of bonds (and 
related interest) abroad, subscribed by certain American limited liability companies 
wholly owned by these trusts.  The minimum amount of penalties for breaches of the 
relevant tax regulation equals 3% of the nominal value of the bonds and their interest.  On 
December 30, 2021, the tax advisor assigned by UBI Trustee S.A. classified the risk of 
liability as possible.  Both UBI Trustee and the four trusts appealed to the Milan Tax 
Justice Court of first instance: the hearing for discussion in front of said Court, initially 
scheduled on October 7, 2022, has been postponed to January 13, 2023.  
 
Cargeas Assicurazioni Tax Audit: On May 27, 2021, we acquired Cargeas Assicurazioni 
(“Cargeas”), which underwent a tax audit by the Italian Revenue Agency.  This tax audit 
was aimed at verifying the correct application, for the years from 2010 to 2018, of the tax 
rules on private insurance and life annuity contracts.  On May 25, 2021 Cargeas received 
a notice of assessment for 2010, claiming an additional tax of €1.7 million, €0.7 million 
in interest and €3.4 million in penalties, equal to the minimum penalty prescribed by law, 
for a total of €5.7 million.  On July 21, 2021, the notice was appealed before the tax judicial 
bodies and the hearing for discussion of the dispute before the Provincial Tax Commission 
of Milan was held on 25 February 2022 and to date, we are awaiting the filing of the ruling.  
Moreover, on 6 June 2022, the company received a notice of assessment for 2011 claiming a higher tax of 
1.3 million euro, 0.5 million euro in interest and 2.8 million euro in penalties, equal to 200% of the 
assessed tax (minimum penalty prescribed by law), for a total of 4.6 million euro. The grounds set out in 
the tax document indicated for the year 2011 are identical to those indicated in the previous deed 
mentioned referring to the year 2010, as the Italian Revenue Agency did not make any changes or 
additions thereto. 
For this reason - and pending the outcome of the decision that will be taken by the Provincial Tax 
Commission of Milan regarding the hearing held on 25 February 2022 with regard to the dispute on the 
year 2010 - the Company deems that the risk of a negative outcome regarding the year 2011, equivalent to 
that for the year 2010, should be deemed possible, but not probable. On this behalf, no allowances were 
made to risk provisions for taxes, penalties or interest, while the costs relating to legal fees were set aside, 
amounting to €0.2 million.

--- Page 262 ---
10244042842-v58
- 252 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania: the company is mainly involved in a dispute pending 
before the Court of Cassation on appeal by the Bank, concerning the write-off of loans 
that were no longer recoverable that, according to the tax authorities, led to an unjustified 
reduction in the taxable amount for direct tax purposes for the years 2003 to 2007 (1.3 
million euro). The risk has been fully provisioned for. The dispute relating to the tax 
returns for the tax period 2011 was settled with the payment of 1 million euro, using 
provisions. 
 
Alexbank has two pending tax audits concerning corporate income tax, referring to tax 
year 2018. At present no claims have been put forward. In addition, there is a pending 
dispute concerning the non-payment of stamp duty. The quantification of potential 
liabilities was updated (€2.1 million up to date), and is fully provisioned for. The tax audit 
on stamp duty relating to the tax period 2019 was closed with no findings.

--- Page 263 ---
10244042842-v58
- 253 -
47-41044778
 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Italian Securities and Exchange Commission ("CONSOB"), the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and 
the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board 
("SRB"). Certain entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also subject to supervision by the Italian 
Institute for the Supervision of Insurance and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A is also subject to rules applicable to it 
as an issuer of shares listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety 
and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of 
legislation and regulations may be introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
"Basel Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place specific 
procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the 
prevention and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in 
customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and 
policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant 
implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV") 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD 
IV, the "CRD IV Package"), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of 
time (the requirements have been largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform Package 
(as defined below) are provided in the paragraph "Revisions to the CRD IV Package" below. 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented, in Luxembourg, by the CSSF Regulation N°18-03 on the 
implementation of certain discretions contained in the CRR and implementing Guideline (EU) 2017/697 of 
the European Central Bank of 4 April 2017 on the exercise of options and discretions available in Union 
law by national competent authorities in relation to less significant institutions (the "CSSF Regulation 
N°18-03") and by technical regulatory and execution rules relating to the CRD IV and the CRR published 
through delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the European Banking 
Authority (the "EBA"). The CRD IV was implemented into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act of 23 
July 2015 amending, among others, the Luxembourg act of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as amended 
(the "Banking Act 1993"). 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented in Ireland by the European Union (Capital Requirements) 
(No. 2) Regulations 2014 of Ireland with respect to technical requirements and offences in order that the 
CRR can effectively operate in Irish law. The CRD IV was transposed into Irish law by the European Union 
(Capital Requirements) Regulations 2014 of Ireland. The CRR and CRD IV are also supplemented in

--- Page 264 ---
10244042842-v58
- 254 -
47-41044778
 
 
Ireland by the document published by the Central Bank of Ireland in 2014 entitled "Implementation of 
Competent Authority Discretions and Options in CRD IV and CRR" (with respect to implementation in 
Ireland of certain discretions and options available to Member States under the CRD IV Package) and by 
technical rules relating to the CRD IV and the CRR published through delegated regulations of the 
European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
In Italy the CRD IV was implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015 which impacted, inter 
alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and members of the management 
body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 CRD IV); 
(ii) 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 
CRD IV); 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so-called whistleblowing, Article 
71 CRD IV); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 CRD IV). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the "Circular No. 285")) which came into force on 1 
January 2014 and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia, the CRD IV Package and 
set out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 285 
has been constantly updated after its first issue, the last update being the 40th update published on 3 
November 2022. The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and 
guidelines relating to the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs), 
mainly the EBA and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the 
EBA. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own funds 
requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%; 
(iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8% and; (iv) a leverage ratio of 3%. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of 
CRD IV, these minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 
capital, reported below: 
 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority 
considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 
January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge 
the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, 
Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB 
(relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2022; 
 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G-
SII buffer of 1 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of 
the CRR and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0,5 % 
of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR. G-SIBs 
is. determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the 
services provided, global cross border activity and complexity); and being phased in from 1 
January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of 
Circular No. 285), became fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated 
list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") on 23 November 2021, neither 
the Issuer (nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not 
need to comply with a G-SIB capital buffer requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and

--- Page 265 ---
10244042842-v58
- 255 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): (the category 
to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 3.0% as set by the relevant competent authority 
(reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the 
financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of 
Circular No. 285). Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII 
authorised to operate in Italy in 2022 and has imposed on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital 
buffer for O-SII of 0.75%, to be achieved according to a transitional period, as follows: 0.75% 
from 1 January 2021 and at 0.75% from 1 January 2022. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro- 
prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. 
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 was amended in order 
to provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
i. 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) for banks and 
banking groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk 
buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or 
systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-prudential instruments provided for by 
the CRR, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The 
buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and 
to all banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
ii. 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-
called "borrower-based measures"). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised 
at European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments 
in the real estate market and from high or rising levels of household and non-financial 
corporate debt. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the amendments introduced to 
Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
i. 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective 
and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory 
authorities may require banks to hold; and 
ii. 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of 
excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio 
and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement") may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum 
Distributable Amounts ("MDA") and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or take 
remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV). 
A further rule introduced by the CRR II, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, 
allows for the "grandfathering" of instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 2 
instruments and eligible liabilities, even if they do not fully comply with certain requirements of the CRR 
II. This treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the latest. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR"). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions 
(the "LCR Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published 
in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has 
applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced to better allow the credit institutions 
issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity coverage requirement for a 30 
calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement, as laid

--- Page 266 ---
10244042842-v58
- 256 -
47-41044778
 
 
down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Net Stable Funding 
Ratio ("NSFR") is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon 
(1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an 
on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and 
is applicable from June 2021. 
Revisions to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the "EU Banking Reform Package"). The 
EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD 
and the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European 
Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions are applicable 
as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) 
published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as of 
1 January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop 
to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and 
regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The 
NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an 
institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under 
both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a 
consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities waive the application 
of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry into force of the EU 
Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
Changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) 
Improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory 
framework to international developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among 
jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and 
BRRD 2 shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which 
will be applicable subsequently. On 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021, 
implementing the BRRD 2, was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 
2021.

--- Page 267 ---
10244042842-v58
- 257 -
47-41044778
 
 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") concluded 
the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the 
calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the 
basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis 
of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. 
The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new 
framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Basel III and Basel IV (as 
defined below) should be fully implemented with the reform package proposed by the European 
Commission in October 2021. 
In August 2021, the European Commission required the EBA to update its assessment in the light of 
COVID-19, which was published in December 2020. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes 
also amendments to CRD IV, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II ("CRR III"). In particular, the 
CRR III legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements 
not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing 
of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general objective can be broken 
down in four more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital 
requirements overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools; and 
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data. 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for 
internal MREL (i.e. "daisy chain approach"). 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the 
capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the European Banking 
Authority ("EBA"), published in December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, shows that 
the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase minimum capital requirements 
(MCR) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 August 2020, the EBA was 
requested by the European Commission to update further its Basel III impact study and published the new 
impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two implementation 
scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice (CfA) reports (the 
Basel III scenario); the second one (the "EU-specific scenario") considers the additional features requested 
by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel SME 
preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment (CVA) exemptions; 
exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific 
historical loss component from the calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier 
(ILM)=1). Under the Basel III scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled 
for January 2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar 2 
requirements and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the 
EU-specific scenario, steady-state implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could 
increase the MRC amount by +13.1% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the 
impact of various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS 
(Basel III Monitoring Exercise). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments

--- Page 268 ---
10244042842-v58
- 258 -
47-41044778
 
 
at BCBS level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking 
systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio 
framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 capital shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital 
amount that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for the monitoring of 
Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 (EBA Decision), the Basel III Monitoring 
Exercise, which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a 
voluntary basis, should be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order 
to ensure consistency, accuracy and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit 
institutions whose Tier 1 capital equals or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 billion, 
should be included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become 
mandatory and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the 
impact that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the 
full Basel III implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum 
required capital. Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional 
Tier 1 capital. 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT 
solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a 
reporting requirement. Based on the ITS submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the 
Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach 
and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated 
only by using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets ("RWA") 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, 
with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as 
of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date 
for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel Committee

--- Page 269 ---
10244042842-v58
- 259 -
47-41044778
 
 
to January 2023 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the 
implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and the 
EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which 
represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU 
securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") which entered into force in January 2019, while a number of 
underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and ESMA are being 
adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing securitisation framework in 
relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence requirements, the introduction of an 
adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for so-called "simple transparent and 
standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital treatment subject to a number of 
conditions. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum 
amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from 
TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. 
The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the form of 
an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC 
requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as 
of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), 
and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and 
instruments that are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" 
(including insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity 
by relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or 
successful legal challenges. 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD2 introduce minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL"), which apply to EU credit institutions, including G-SIIs (global systematically important 
institutions). Consistent with the TLAC standard, MREL requirements allow resolution authorities, on the 
basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement 
strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-SII. Based on the most recently updated list of G-
SIIs published by the FSB on 23 November 2021, neither the relevant Issuer nor any member of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2019 list of global systematically important banks 
published by the FSB on 11 November 2020. 
The BRRD2 includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-called top-tier 
banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose 
total assets exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose. At the same time, the BRRD2 
introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement") which applies to G-SIIs and top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities will be able, 
on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top- tier banks comply with a 
supplementary MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination requirement is 
also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD2, but exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD2 provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, 
BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders 
of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach 
of the combined capital buffer requirement. Delegated regulation 2021/763 (EU), applicable since 28 June 
2021, lays down implementing technical standards for the application of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council and Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of

--- Page 270 ---
10244042842-v58
- 260 -
47-41044778
 
 
the Council with regard to the supervisory reporting and public disclosure of the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities. 
On 12 March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the On 12 
March 2018, the Commission published a proposal for a directive on covered bonds (the "CB Directive 
Proposal") laying down the conditions that these bonds have to respect in order to be recognised under EU 
law and a proposal for amendments to art. 129 of the CRR, concerning the prudential treatment of covered 
bonds. The CB Directive Proposal together with amendments to art 129 of the CRR have been approved 
and published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019. Member States have an 18 month period to 
implement the directive. The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, No. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, No.130 and entered 
into force on 1 December 2021. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single 
Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, in conjunction with the 
national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with direct supervisory 
responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of significant 
importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 
billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the 
national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions 
established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to 
be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating 
Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant 
supervised entity and a significant supervised group pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) 
No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, 
as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo and 
its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is 
exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter alia, 
the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) 
ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where 
necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU 
law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy 
assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in 
coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise options and discretions under 
the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "BRRD") entered 
into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure 
on the economy and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be 
used alone (except for the asset separation tool) or in combination where the relevant resolution authority 
considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution 
authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset

--- Page 271 ---
10244042842-v58
- 261 -
47-41044778
 
 
separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - 
which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other 
instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares 
or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the "general bail-in tool"). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject 
to any exercise of such powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership (including the 
Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non- 
viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion 
may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. The point of non-viability under the BRRD 
is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution 
(but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as 
the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution 
under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the 
interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the 
termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having 
assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take 
the institution into public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid 
framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write-
down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to 
be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly 
issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case 
of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such 
as holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
The SRM provides for the setting up of a Single Resolution Fund in the relevant Member State (the "SRF" 
or the "Fund"), established under the control of the SRB, as of 1 January 2016 in which the national 
resolution funds had been pooled together. The SRF is intended to ensure the availability of funding support 
while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if, and only after, at least 8 % of the total liabilities 
(including own funds) of the bank have been subject to bail-in. The SRF is expected to reach a target of 
around €80 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the 
Eurozone). Once this target level is reached, in principle, institutions will have to contribute only if the 
resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal with resolution action taken by the relevant authorities. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD Decrees"), 
both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating 
to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Law (Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and deals principally with recovery plans, early 
intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on 16 November, 
2015, save that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted 
for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals 
and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities 
may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related

--- Page 272 ---
10244042842-v58
- 262 -
47-41044778
 
 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of 
the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that 
pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes of a particular Series may be subject to write-
down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari 
passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. 
Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application 
of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by 
shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool 
than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible 
not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded from the 
application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims receive a treatment which is 
more favourable than that received by holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) 
treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims. This is due to the fact that the 
safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders 
or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would 
have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured 
creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States 
modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium 
sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created 
pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking 
which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national 
insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy 
in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory 
liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by 
the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference 
in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for 
individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 
2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on elements of the review 
of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member 
States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary 
to comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new 
class of so-called "Senior Non-Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been 
implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights 
of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in 
the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes and the 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear that 
the statutory right of set-off available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion into 
shares or other instruments of ownership on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, non- viability loss absorption.

--- Page 273 ---
10244042842-v58
- 263 -
47-41044778
 
 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under Article 
45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as 
a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution or based on the leverage ratio exposure 
measure, according to Article 429 and 429a of the CRR II. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD2"). BRRD2 provides that Member States are required 
to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the 
implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full 
compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear 
build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the 
introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (Decree No. 193), implementing 
the BRRD2 into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 
(Decree no. 180) and the Banking Law. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determinated, to the provisions set forth in 
BRRD2. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by 
the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to meet 
the resolution's objectives; 
(b) the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate group 
subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in tool or write-
down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could be absorbed and that it 
is possibile to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level necessary to 
enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the regulatory 
framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of 
eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial 
transfer; 
(c) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to 
the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial system.

--- Page 274 ---
10244042842-v58
- 264 -
47-41044778
 
 
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD2. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify 
(and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own 
funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also apply to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree 
No. 193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Banking Law, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 
200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non Preferred 
debt instruments ("strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
Any contracts entered into with non professional investors and relating to investment services having as 
their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Banking Law issued after 1 December 2021, 
that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the 
Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in 
force on the placemement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non qualified investors has been 
repealed by Article 5 of Decree No. 193. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single Resolution 
Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
"SRM Regulation") entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 2016. There 
are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and 
provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU Banking Reform 
Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to 
all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM II 
Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there 
will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks 
being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD2 described above, 
revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
In such a context, it is worth to mention the process to review - started by the European Commission in 
November 2020 – the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance ("CMDI") framework. Following this 
revision, new and different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the 
intention of the European legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
Directive ("DGSD"). 
Transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive in Luxembourg law – Intesa Luxembourg 
The Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 (ATAD I) was transposed into Luxembourg 
domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019. ATAD I was 
amended by the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 (ATAD II, and together with ATAD I, 
ATAD), which was implemented into Luxembourg law on 20 December 2019.

--- Page 275 ---
10244042842-v58
- 265 -
47-41044778
 
 
ATAD may limit the deduction of interest and other deductible payments as well as expenses for 
Luxembourg companies subject to corporate income tax (such as the Issuer). Whilst (i) the Luxembourg 
laws implementing ATAD may be subject to future amendment by the relevant Luxembourg authorities 
and (ii) the impact of ATAD on the Issuer is not yet entirely clear, ATAD may result in corporate income 
tax being effectively imposed and due on the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer derives income other than 
interest income or income equivalent to interest from its underlying assets and transactions or, for instance, 
if the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes qualify for tax purposes 
as hybrid financial instruments or if the Issuer or holder of such notes qualifies as a hybrid entity for tax 
purposes. 
In addition, the European Union (EU) released on 22 December 2021 a directive proposal which aims to 
fight against the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes and ensure that EU entities with no or minimal 
economic activity are unable to benefit from certain tax advantages (the so-called ATAD III). These new 
rules would mainly apply to EU entities (i) deriving passive income, (ii) engaged in cross-border 
transactions and (iii) which outsourced the administration of day-to-day operations and the decision-making 
on significant functions. EU entities that meet these three conditions would need to declare in their annual 
tax returns whether they meet indicators of minimum substance and provide related documentary evidence. 
Entities not meeting those indicators of minimum substance will be presumed not to have sufficient 
substance for tax purposes (unless they can rebut this presumption by providing evidence (i) of the business 
activities which they perform to generate their passive income or (ii) that they do not serve the objective of 
obtaining a tax advantage). In this case and in the absence of rebuttal of the presumption, such EU entities 
would not be allowed to benefit from the provisions of double tax treaties or certain EU Directives (such 
as the Interest and Royalties EU Directive). In addition, they would not be entitled to a certificate of tax 
residence to the extent that such certificate serves to obtain the benefit of the aforementioned provisions. 
Although it is too early to anticipate how these rules will be transposed in the EU (and interpreted by the 
relevant tax authorities), it should be kept in mind that these rules (if and when implemented) would 
possibly increase the withholding tax cost of investments structured via an intermediate vehicle that (i) does 
not meet the indicators of minimum substance and (ii) cannot rebut the above presumption of lack of 
substance. 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce the amount of non-performing exposures 
in banks balance sheets within adequate levels, the following are worth mentioning: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank's approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures ("NPEs"), 
as well as foreclosed assets, and touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-
performing, such as "watch-list" exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, 
the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self assessment of 
the internal capabilities to effectively manage; the external conditions and operating environment; and the 
impaired portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to nonperforming exposures 
(NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the "ECB Addendum"). In addition, the ECB's bank-specific supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from 
these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of 
new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of Regulation 
(EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards minimum loss coverage for 
non-performing exposures published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019, also known as the 
"Pillar 1 Backstop Regulation", which introduces Pillar 1 provisioning requirements, following principles 
similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB Addendum.

--- Page 276 ---
10244042842-v58
- 266 -
47-41044778
 
 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission's requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore the above mentioned guidelines 
result in three "buckets" of NPEs based on the date of the exposure's origination and the date of NPE's 
classification: 
 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as 
communicated in SREP letters; 
 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs after 31 
March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured 
by an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 
100% is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status; 
 
 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified as NPEs: 
3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by 
immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is applicable to 
export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published by 
the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four policy 
actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the development of 
secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An updated Action Plan was 
published in December 2020. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 31 October 
2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place to 
manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to substantially reduce the presence of 
NPEs on the balance sheet. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per cent., the EBA 
asked to introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and 
operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 17 December 
2018 (as amended on 12 October 2022): in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced 
disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure 
of information regarding nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. The 
amending Guidelines published on 12 October 2022 will apply from 31 December 2022. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures for loans originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from own funds 
where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation's purpose is 
to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets of 3/7/9 
years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is applicable to: (i) 
unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by 
immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in CRR, 
from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the seventh year after 
the classification as NPE. 
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the 
efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated 
extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE); (ii) the development of secondary markets for 
NPLs in the EU's markets by harmonizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. 
The European Commision finalized and published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal of the 
European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (NPLs Directive). 
The NPLs Directive enteres into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official 
Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and is expected to be implemented by the Member States by 29 
December 2023.

--- Page 277 ---
10244042842-v58
- 267 -
47-41044778
 
 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by the EBA on 
23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the European Commission, the EBA outlined the fact that the 
securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger 
rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations' structure in 
tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse investor pool with 
a different Risk Appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of non-
performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different risk 
weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 6 April 
2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation and 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation 
framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were published on the 
Official Journal of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. 
In order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the European Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop 
secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular by finalizing the Directive on credit servicers, credit 
purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level and reviewing the EBA 
templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt 
recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management 
companies at EU level; (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the 
continued funding of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and State 
aid frameworks. As a result, the European Commission published on 18 October 2022 the Communication 
on the guidelines for a best-execution process for sales of non-performing loans on secondary markets. The 
main objectives of such communication are to (i) encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL 
transactions in EU secondary markets and, in particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less 
experience with secondary market transactions throughout the sale process. 
To further improve the transparency and efficiency of secondary market for NPLs, on 16 June 2021 the 
European Commission released a public consultation aimed at identifying and gathering information on 
remaining obstacles to the proper functioning of secondary markets for NPLs as well as possible enabling 
actions that could be taken to foster these markets by improving the quantity, quality and comparability of 
NPL data. The public consultation ended on 8 September 2021. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial 
market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking 
Association ("ABI") and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension 
was extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and 
medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment 
instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The 
suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the 
issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the 
suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement 
entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to households, 
including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable 
in instalments.

--- Page 278 ---
10244042842-v58
- 268 -
47-41044778
 
 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial 
markets, issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market 
disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
1. 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be 
ready to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory 
obligations. 
2. 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), 
as a disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which 
issuers are required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly 
concerning them. 
3. 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 
year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial 
reporting disclosures. 
4. 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements 
on risk management and to react accordingly. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the 
banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, 
protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted 
longer term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for 
the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during 
the period from June 2020 to June 2022 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. 
Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 50 basis points below the 
average rate applied in the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of €120 
billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the €750 billion Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), increased with a further €600 billion on 4 June 2020. Net asset 
purchases under the PEPP ended as of April 2022. Principal payments from maturing securities purchased 
under it are being reinvested in full. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), 
published the first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. 
According to the ECB statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also 
national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to 
meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) banks 
will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and deadlines 
(e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application of the 
ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's specific situation due to COVID-19. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced to see no needs to allow banks to operate below the level of 
capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, 
banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank 
exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital aNd leverage 
ratio requirements.

--- Page 279 ---
10244042842-v58
- 269 -
47-41044778
 
 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency 
due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) was adopted. The 
Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen 
the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA 
relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE ("Aiuto 
alla Crescita Economica") notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of 
the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 
12 March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related 
economic shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted 
with the aim of updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by 
extending to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed 
or insured; 
 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues 
due to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and governments to 
address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default 
(DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to 
the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance 
with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential 
framework concerning: 
 
the classification of exposures in default; 
 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of 
adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for 
credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) 
under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing 
the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the 
"Public Statement"). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by 
ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may require 
issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports while not 
unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information included in the 
latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in 
relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial assets and 
presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on the past 
and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, performance 
of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The Public 
Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS

--- Page 280 ---
10244042842-v58
- 270 -
47-41044778
 
 
34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and supervisory 
bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due 
consideration of the recommendations included within the statement.". 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads 
of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks 
and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the 
COVID-19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of 
the outstanding Basel III standards: 
 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks 
to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the 
duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation 
on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2020/35 that repeals the previous 
Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and 
share buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting 
uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share 
buy-backs to remain below 15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis 
points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and 
have robust capital trajectories. They are expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss 
whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The recommendation remained valid until the end of 
September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend its dividend recommendation beyond 
Septemeber 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In particular, the ECB considered that the 
reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment of the prudence of bank's plans 
to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-looking 
assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for 
applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time 
Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative and 
non-legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member States 
have implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-term 
economic impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA 
Guidelines clarify several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the 
classification as forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable 
national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant 
credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three 
months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, 
on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated until 31 March 2021. 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 
policies", which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the 
interpretation of the EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred

--- Page 281 ---
10244042842-v58
- 271 -
47-41044778
 
 
payment to fall within the scope of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did 
not concern the hypothesis in which the moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 September, 
was extended for more than 9 months due to a subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules 
for accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as 
increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further 
exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 
December 2020. The Government is going to extend such measures until 31 December 2021 (the 
prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of April 2021). 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to 
ease banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and 
businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19 related developments, and they imply: 
 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the 
markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the 
portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period 
January 2020 and December 2021); 
 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the 
calendar provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar 
provisioning applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration 
for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of 
software; 
 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' 
capital (IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU 
Member State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR 
Quick-Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the 
following day (27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was published 
in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, 
as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 
December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. 
Particular reference is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing new 
bonds issued by SME corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a

--- Page 282 ---
10244042842-v58
- 272 -
47-41044778
 
 
turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 
per cent. of the investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered 
losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 
per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so-called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP) 
which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to support the real 
economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 
104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of health, 
work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the 
extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist 
sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the 
beneficiary company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura 
Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated 
and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, 
extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to 
temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial intermediation and holding financial assets 
activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to 
the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their 
exposures are not classifiable as non-performing exposures (at the date of submission of the application), 
they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume the full repayment of the 
exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law 
Decree 28 October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 
149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production 
sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non-
refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit 
to October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding €5 million and which 
have had a 50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the 
"Support" Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure 
regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such 
decree introduces a new non-refundable aid for enterprises and professionals which have had a 30 per cent. 
reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital 
Markets Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, 
which proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the Securitization 
Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging 
from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to MiFID2, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity 
derivatives and iii) research regime for SMEs. 
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form prospectus 
to facilitate the raising of capital in public markets. 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the securitisation of 
NPEs, the amendments in particular also extends the preferential treatment to all synthetic on-balance sheet 
securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) criteria in order to help banks free 
up capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in particular to SMEs. 
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 11 February 2021 
and included in Regulation (EU) 2021/337 – entered into force on 18 March 2021. 
The MiFID amendments, voted on 11 February 2021 as well, as being part of Directive (EU) 2021/338, 
should have been transposed into national laws by 28 November 2021 and are to be applied from 28 
February 2022. 
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and Regulation

--- Page 283 ---
10244042842-v58
- 273 -
47-41044778
 
 
(EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation 
framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, were published on the 
Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
Green Finance Regulation 
The banking system needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable activities and 
projects to contribute to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, which are 
the basis for green finance decision-making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall comply with the 
regulations on the disclosure of financial and non-financial information. 
The EBA Action plan on the implementation of the ESG risks in the prudential framework aims to amend 
the European legislation not before 2025. In May 2018, the European Commission published a package of 
legislative measures in order to promote a sustainable finance in line with the objectives of its action plan 
of March 2018. In such context, the European Commission has started preparatory works in order to amend 
MiFID II. In such regard, ESMA submitted technical advice on sustainable finance to the European 
Commission. 
The Non-Financial Reporting Directive (Directive (EU) 2014/95 – NFRD), came into effect on 1 January 
2017. It requires listed large corporates, banks, and insurance companies with more than 500 employees to 
publicly report on ESG matters including employment, board diversity, human rights, anti-corruption and 
bribery. On 20 February 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation with a view to 
align the non-financial reporting requirements with the EU legislation in the area of ESG disclosure (e.g. 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (as defined below) and the EU Taxonomy Regulation). On 21 
April 2021, the Commission published a proposal for the review of the NFRD. The new Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) proposes to extend the scope to listed SMEs (excluding listed 
microundertakings) and to not  listed large companies; introduces the requirement to report according to 
common EU sustainability reporting standards envisaging specific standards for listed SMEs while non-
listed SMEs may decide to use those standard on a voluntary basis, and a transition period of three years 
since the application of the Directive; requires mandatory assurance of the reported information that should 
be published as part of the company's management report and in machine readable format. On November 
2022 the CSRD text has been adopted by both the co-legislators and the text will entry into force 20 days 
following the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
On 9 December 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability ‐ related disclosures in the financial 
services sector (SFDR - Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) has been published, which lays down 
harmonised rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on transparency. 
As the SFDR applies from 10 March 2021, the ESAs issued a joint declaration on 25 February 2021, as 
updated on 24 March 2022, offering guidance to financial market participants (e.g. banks, investing firms, 
insurance companies) for application of the draft ITS in the interim period until the formal adoption by the 
European Commission. 
On 25 July 2022, the European Commission published, in the Official Journal of the European Union, the 
Delegated Regulation 2022/1288, which sets out certain regulatory technical standards supplementing the 
SFDR (Regulation 1288). The Regulation 1288 entered into force on 14 August 2022 and will be 
applicable from 1 January 2023. 
In particular, the Regulation 1288 contains the regulatory technical standards specifying the details of the 
content, methodologies and presentation of the information in relation to the principle of  “do no significant 
harm”, sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts as well as the promotion of the 
environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, 
on websites and periodic reports. 
On 9 March 2020, the European Commission Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (TEG) 
published its final report on the taxonomy, following the public consultation launched after the publication 
of the June 2019 report. The EU Taxonomy Regulation, which is part of the Action 1 of the Action Plan on 
financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018 by the Commission, aims to establish a unique 
classification system for the economic activities which can be classified as sustainable. The EU Taxonomy 
Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into 
force on 12 July 2020. So far three delegated acts under the EU Taxonomy Regulation have been adopted

--- Page 284 ---
10244042842-v58
- 274 -
47-41044778
 
 
by the European Commission: a first delegated act on technical screening criteria on climate change 
mitigation and adaptation objectives has been adopted in April 2021; a second delegated act, supplementing 
Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, on taxonomy-related disclosures has been adopted in July 2021 
(specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-
financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in 
their business, investments or lending activities); a third delegated act, complementary to the first, including 
technical screening criteria on nuclear and gas energy activities has been adopted in February 2022. As 
further delegated act establishing technical screening criteria for the other four environmental objectives – 
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to circular economy, pollution 
prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems, will be adopted 
in 2023. 
Together with EU Taxonomy final report, TEG has released a guide for how to use the EU's Green Bond 
Standard (EU GBS). The document incorporates several updates related to the political agreement on 
Taxonomy reached in December 2019 by the Commission, Council and European Parliament, and the 
Green Deal launched by the Commission. The EU GBS regulation is included in Commission's initiatives 
set out in Action 2 of the Action Plan, which envisages to create standards and labels for green financial 
products. In July 2021, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal for EU GBS. 
On 12 March 2020, CONSOB has drawn attention to the current investor protection safeguards applicable 
to intermediaries that provide investment services, when they address clients with an offer characterized as 
sustainable. 
On 8 April 2020, European Commission launched a public consultation to collect opinions in relation to 
the Commissions renewed strategy on sustainable finance, until now based on the Action Plan on financing 
sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018. The aim of the Commission is to reach a proposal for the 
implementation of a new strategy on sustainable finance in June 2021. Additionally, the Article 20 of the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation creates a "Platform on sustainable Finance", an advisory body composed of 
experts from the private and public sector that will provide advice to the European Commission on the 
technical screening criteria for the EU Taxonomy and will monitor and report on capital flows towards 
sustainable investments. 
On 20 January 2021, the European Commission opened a targeted consultation on the establishment of a 
European single access point (ESAP) for financial and non-financial information publicly disclosed by 
companies. The establishment of ESAP is the first point of the new action plan on the Capital Markets 
Union 2020 aiming to create a register of ESG data at EU level to provide easily accessible, comparable 
and machine readable information through standardization of formats to remove the difficulties encountered 
by the various stakeholders in accessing, comparing and using companies' financial and sustainability 
related information. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, 
which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID II. The financial advisors are 
required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients and take them into consideration when 
providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial institutions are requested to 
integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and operational processes. The 
delegated acts, namely Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1253 and Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2021/1269, were published in the Official Journal of the Europena Union on 2 August 2021 and 
applied from 22 November 2022.

--- Page 285 ---
10244042842-v58
- 275 -
47-41044778
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Audited Financial 
Statements") and from the unaudited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 presented for comparison in 2021. 
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half-yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2022 and for the 
six months ended on 30 June 2021 has been derived respectively from the unaudited condensed 
consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months 
ended on 30 June 2022 (the "2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements") and from the unaudited 
condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six 
months ended on 30 June 2021 (the "2021 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements"). 
Incorporation by Reference 
Both the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred to above 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated by Reference"). The 
financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in conjunction with and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the above-mentioned audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated 
half-yearly financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' reports. 
Accounting Principles 
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred to 
above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as International Accounting Standards and International 
Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. The 
half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above have been prepared in 
compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the 
relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 
endorsed by the European Commission, as provided for by EU Regulation 1606 of 19 July 2002 and in 
force as at 30 June 2022. 
In particular, the 2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with IAS 
34 requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting. 
The accounting standards adopted in preparation of these 2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial 
Statements, with regard to the classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of the financial 
assets and liabilities, and the recognition methods for revenues and costs, have remained unchanged 
compared to those adopted for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2021 Audited Financial Statements, which should 
be consulted for the complete details.  
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application decisions 
made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 2022", should be consulted on the 
consequences of the impact of the COVID-19 health emergency and on the impact for the ISP Group of the 
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, together with the update reported in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group 2022 Interim 3rd Quarter Report. Some amendments to existing accounting standards, endorsed by 
the European Commission in 2021, were applicable on a mandatory basis for the first time starting in 2022, 
but none of them is particularly significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations is provided below: 
 
Regulation 1080/2021: this Regulation dated 28 June 2021 implements several less material 
amendments, published by the IASB on 14 May 2020, to the international accounting standards

--- Page 286 ---
10244042842-v58
- 276 -
47-41044778
 
 
IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment, IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets and IFRS 3 Business Combinations are effective. The amendments relate to: 
 IAS 16 – Cost components: the amendments, which are not pertinent to the Group, introduce 
a prohibition on deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment the amounts received 
from the sale of articles produced while the company was preparing the asset for the intended 
use. The company must recognise such proceeds from sales and the related costs in the income 
statement;  
 IAS 37 – Onerous contracts: it is clarified that to assess whether a contract is onerous, all costs 
directly related to the contract, rather than incremental costs necessary for fulfilling the 
contract, must be included in the estimate. Accordingly, the assessment of whether a contract 
is onerous includes the incremental costs (for example, the cost of the direct materials used in 
processing), as well as all costs that the entity cannot avoid as a consequence of entering into 
the contract (for example, the portion of personnel expenses and depreciation of the machinery 
employed to fulfil the contract);  
 IFRS 3 – References to the Conceptual Framework: several references were updated to the new 
version of the Conceptual Framework of 2018 which, nonetheless, do not entail changes to the 
pre-existing accounting methods. In addition, the prohibition on recognising contingent assets 
(i.e., assets whose existence will only be confirmed by uncertain future events) in business 
combinations was explicitly stated (previously, this prohibition was explicitly stated only in 
the Basis for Conclusion).  
The Regulation in question also endorses the customary annual improvements - the Annual 
Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 Cycle - which clarify the formulation or correct 
errors, oversights or conflicts between the requirements of the Standards. Those minor 
amendments included changes to IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, providing several clarifications on 
the fees and commissions to be included in the 10% test for derecognising financial liabilities. In 
that regard, it is specified that only fees paid or collected between the parties are to be included, 
not fees directly attributable to third parties.  
The 2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, are 
prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the consolidated Balance sheet at 30 June 
2022, the consolidated Income statement, the Statement of consolidated comprehensive income, the 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows for the six month 
period then ended and the explanatory notes. They are also complemented by information on significant 
events which occurred in the period, on the main risks and uncertainties to be faced in the remaining months 
of the year, as well as information on significant related party transactions. In connection with the 
introduction of IFRS 9 in 2018, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group decided to exercise the option of adopting the 
deferral approach, also provided for banking-led financial conglomerates, specific balance sheet and 
income statement captions have been added to the consolidated financial statement layouts established in 
Circular 262 to present the valuation of assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies and the 
related profit or loss effects measured in accordance with IAS 39. The amounts indicated in the financial 
statements and explanatory notes are expressed in millions of euro, unless otherwise specified. 
As reported in the “2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements”, the assets held for sale mainly 
include portfolios or single positions, classified as bad loans or unlikely-to-pay loans, which are soon to be 
sold as part of the Group’s de-risking strategies. This caption also includes the equity investment in Zhong 
Ou Asset Management Co. Ltd., for which the sale is expected to be finalised once the authorisation process 
has been completed, and the assets and liabilities relating to PBZ Card’s merchant acquiring business line, 
which will be transferred to the Nexi Group. Lastly, the assets held for sale as at 30 June 2022 included the 
equity investment in Innolva, which have been sold in August to a leading global company specialising in 
credit and business information systems.  
 
 
The 2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of the Managing 
Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial reports 
pursuant to Article154-bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 (Consolidated Law on Finance) and have been 
subject to limited review by the Independent Auditors EY S.p.A..

--- Page 287 ---
10244042842-v58
- 277 -
47-41044778

--- Page 288 ---
10244042842-v58
- 278 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2020. 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Assets  
Audited 
Unaudited 
(in millions of €)
Cash and cash equivalents..........................................................................................................
14,756
13,733
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.....................................................
52,731
58,246
a) financial assets held for trading.............................................................................................
47,181
53,165
b) financial assets designated at fair value ................................................................................
4
3
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value.....................................................
5,546
5,078
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ...........................
67,580
57,858
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 39
206,800
177,170
Financial assets measured at amortised cost...............................................................................
668,866
612,481
a) due from banks.......................................................................................................................
163,937
107,316
b) loans to customers..................................................................................................................
504,929
505,165
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to IAS 
39............................................................................................................................................
85
71
Hedging derivatives ...................................................................................................................
1,732
1,134
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) .................................................
392
2,400
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control...............................................
1,652
1,996
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties ..........................................................
208
93
Property and equipment .............................................................................................................
10,792
10,850
Intangible assets.........................................................................................................................
9,342
8,194
of which:
- goodwill ...................................................................................................................................
3,574
3,154
Tax assets...................................................................................................................................
18,808
19,503
a) current ...................................................................................................................................
3,555
2,326
b) deferred..................................................................................................................................
15,253
17,177
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations.....................................................
1,422
28,702
Other assets................................................................................................................................
13,837 
10,183 
Total Assets ...............................................................................................................................  
1,069,003 
1,002,614

--- Page 289 ---
10244042842-v58
- 279 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2020. 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity  
Audited 
Unaudited 
(in millions of €)
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost .........................................................................
710,055
630,146
a) due to banks...........................................................................................................................
165,258
115,947
b) due to customers ....................................................................................................................
458,239
422,365
c) securities issued .....................................................................................................................
86,558
91,834
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to 
IAS 39 ....................................................................................................................................
2,146
1,935
Financial liabilities held for trading............................................................................................
56,306
59,033
Financial liabilities designated at fair value................................................................................
3,674
3,032
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 
39............................................................................................................................................
84,770
77,207
Hedging derivatives ...................................................................................................................
4,868
7,088
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-)............................................
53
733
Tax liabilities..............................................................................................................................
2,285
3,029
a) current ...................................................................................................................................
363
284
b) deferred..................................................................................................................................
1,922
2,745
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations............
30
35,676
Other liabilities...........................................................................................................................
15,639
14,439
Employee termination indemnities.............................................................................................
1,099
1,200
Allowances for risks and charges...............................................................................................
5,716
5,964
a) commitments and guarantees given .......................................................................................
508
626
b) post-employment benefits.......................................................................................................
290
324
c) other allowances for risks and charges..................................................................................
4,918
5,014
Technical reserves......................................................................................................................
118,296
96,811
Valuation reserves......................................................................................................................
-709
-515
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies ...............................................................
476
809
Redeemable shares.....................................................................................................................
-
-
Equity instruments .....................................................................................................................
6,282
7,441
Reserves.....................................................................................................................................
17,706
17,461
Interim dividend (-)....................................................................................................................
-1,399
-
Share premium reserve...............................................................................................................
27,286
27,444
Share capital...............................................................................................................................
10,084
10,084
Treasury shares (-)......................................................................................................................
-136
-130
Minority interests (+/-)...............................................................................................................
291
450
Net income (loss) (+/-)...............................................................................................................
4,185 
3,277 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity............................................................................. 
1,069,003 
1,002,614

--- Page 290 ---
10244042842-v58
- 280 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31 DECEMBER 2021 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Audited 
Audited 
(in millions of €)
Interest and similar income ...........................................................................................................
10,473
10,183
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method ...............................
10,039
10,277
Interest and similar expense ..........................................................................................................
-2,480
-2,451
Interest margin............................................................................................................................ 
7,993 
7,732 
Fee and commission income .........................................................................................................
12,087
10,312
Fee and commission expense ........................................................................................................
-2,723
-2,334
Net fee and commission income..................................................................................................
9,364 
7,978 
Dividend and similar income.........................................................................................................
161
86
Profits (Losses) on trading ............................................................................................................
503
628
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting ..................................................................................
36
71
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: ...............................................................................
758
633
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................................................
201
-193
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income..........................
611
870
c) financial liabilities ....................................................................................................................
-54
-44
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or 
loss.............................................................................................................................................
71
-9
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value.............................................................
-42
57
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value........................................................
113
-66
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS 39 .......................................................................................................................................
4,754
3,463
Net interest and other banking income......................................................................................
23,640 
20,582 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risks associated with:...................................................................
-2,843
-4,364
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost .............................................................................
-2,813
-4,356
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income..........................
-30
-8
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS39.................................
-26
-81
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition ....................................................
-29
-29
Net income from banking activities............................................................................................ 
20,742 
16,108 
Net insurance premiums................................................................................................................
10,557
10,842
Other net insurance income (expense)...........................................................................................
-13,525
-12,802
Net income from banking and insurance activities...................................................................
17,774 
14,148 
Administrative expenses: ..............................................................................................................
-12,012
-12,160
a) personnel expenses....................................................................................................................
-7,187
-7,562
b) other administrative expenses...................................................................................................
-4,825
-4,598
Net provisions for risks and charges..............................................................................................
-374
-793
a) commitments and guarantees given ..........................................................................................
97
4
b) other net provisions...................................................................................................................
-471
-797
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment ..........................................................
-659
-578
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets......................................................................
-934
-818
Other operating expenses (income) ...............................................................................................
980
3,347
Operating expenses .....................................................................................................................
-12,999 
-11,002 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ...................
138
-16
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets measured at fair value .........
-21
-42
Goodwill impairment ....................................................................................................................
-
-981
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments...................................................................................
289
101
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations.............................................................. 
5,181 
2,208 
Taxes on income from continuing operations................................................................................
-1,138
-59
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations................................................................. 
4,043 
2,149 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations...................................................................
-
1,136
Net income (loss).......................................................................................................................... 
4,043 
3,285 
Minority interests ..........................................................................................................................
142
-8
Parent Company's net income (loss).......................................................................................... 
4,185 
3,277 
Basic EPS – Euro.........................................................................................................................
0.22 
0.18 
Diluted EPS – Euro .....................................................................................................................
0.22 
0.18

--- Page 291 ---
10244042842-v58
- 281 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2022 
30.06.2022 
31.12.2021 
Unaudited 
Audited 
(in millions of €)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents.........................................................................................................
18,370
14,756
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss....................................................
53,131
52,731
a) financial assets held for trading............................................................................................
47,165
47,181
b) financial assets designated at fair value ...............................................................................
1
4
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value....................................................
5,965
5,546
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ..........................
60,363
67,580
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies, measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 39
180,637
206,800
Financial assets measured at amortised cost..............................................................................
657,716
668,866
a) due from banks......................................................................................................................
140,800
163,937
b) loans to customers.................................................................................................................
516,916
504,929
Financial assets pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to IAS 
39...........................................................................................................................................
80
85
Hedging derivatives ..................................................................................................................
8,012
1,732
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) ................................................
-6,313
392
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control..............................................
1,902
1,652
Technical insurance reserves reassured with third parties .........................................................
199
208
Property and equipment ............................................................................................................
10,655
10,792
Intangible assets........................................................................................................................
9,310
9,342
of which
- goodwill ..................................................................................................................................
3,673
3,574
Tax assets..................................................................................................................................
18,745
18,808
a) current ..................................................................................................................................
3,623
3,555
b) deferred.................................................................................................................................
15,122
15,253
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations....................................................
1,303
1,422
Other assets...............................................................................................................................
18,205 
13,837 
Total Assets ..............................................................................................................................  
1,032,315 
1,069,003

--- Page 292 ---
10244042842-v58
- 282 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2022 
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2021. 
30.06.2022
31.12.2021
Unaudited
Audited
(in millions of €)
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ........................................................................
690,781
710,055
a) due to banks..........................................................................................................................
152,420
165,258
b) due to customers ...................................................................................................................
460,455
458,239
c) securities issued ....................................................................................................................
77,906
86,558
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortised cost pursuant to 
IAS 39 ...................................................................................................................................
2,304
2,146
Financial liabilities held for trading...........................................................................................
55,227
56,306
Financial liabilities designated at fair value...............................................................................
4,753
3,674
Financial liabilities pertaining to insurance companies measured at fair value pursuant to IAS 
39...........................................................................................................................................
74,454
84,770
Hedging derivatives ..................................................................................................................
3,933
4,868
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-)...........................................
-5,069
53
Tax liabilities.............................................................................................................................
2,806
2,285
a) current ..................................................................................................................................
301
363
b) deferred.................................................................................................................................
2,505
1,922
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations...........
92
30
Other liabilities..........................................................................................................................
28,251
15,639
Employee termination indemnities............................................................................................
906
1,099
Allowances for risks and charges..............................................................................................
4,803
5,716
a) commitments and guarantees given ......................................................................................
561
508
b) post employment benefits ......................................................................................................
168
290
c) other allowances for risks and charges.................................................................................
4,074
4,918
Technical reserves.....................................................................................................................
104,809
118,296
Valuation reserves.....................................................................................................................
-1,603
-709
Valuation reserves pertaining to insurance companies ..............................................................
-523
476
Redeemable shares....................................................................................................................
-
-
Equity instruments ....................................................................................................................
7,204
6,282
Reserves....................................................................................................................................
18,208
17,706
Interim dividend (-)...................................................................................................................
-
-1,399
Share premium reserve..............................................................................................................
28,056
27,286
Share capital..............................................................................................................................
10,369
10,084
Treasury shares (-).....................................................................................................................
-48
-136
Minority interests (+/-)..............................................................................................................
248
291
Net income (loss) (+/-)..............................................................................................................
2,354
4,185
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity............................................................................ 
1,032,315 
1,069,003

--- Page 293 ---
10244042842-v58
- 283 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2022 
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures for the six months ended 30 June 
2021. 
First six 
months of 
2022 
First six 
months of 
2021 
Unaudited 
Unaudited 
(in millions of €)
Interest and similar income ......................................................................................................
5,472
5,207
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method ..........................
5,155
5,073
Interest and similar expense .....................................................................................................
-1,389
-1,174
Interest margin.......................................................................................................................
4,083 
4,033 
Fee and commission income ....................................................................................................
5,759
5,884
Fee and commission expense ...................................................................................................
-1,360
-1,264
Net fee and commission income............................................................................................. 
4,399 
4,620 
Dividend and similar income....................................................................................................
140
82
Profits (Losses) on trading .......................................................................................................
193
409
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting .............................................................................
46
45
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of ...........................................................................
78
522
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ........................................................................
210
123
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.....................
-124
428
c) financial liabilities ...............................................................................................................
-8
-29
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit 
or loss ...................................................................................................................................
551
99
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value........................................................
557
-31
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value...................................................
-6
130
Profits (Losses) on financial assets and liabilities pertaining to insurance companies pursuant 
to IAS 39 ..............................................................................................................................
-122
2,362
Net interest and other banking income.................................................................................
9,368 
12,172 
Net losses / recoveries for credit risks associated with:............................................................
-1,264
-1,076
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ........................................................................
-1,217
-1,066
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.....................
-47
-10
Net losses/recoveries pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to IAS39............................
-113
-2
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition ...............................................
-1
-19
Net income from banking activities.......................................................................................
7,990 
11,075 
Net insurance premiums...........................................................................................................
4,858
4,989
Other net insurance income (expense)......................................................................................
-3,566
-6,532
Net income from banking and insurance activities.............................................................. 
9,282 
9,532 
Administrative expenses...........................................................................................................
-5,488
-5,650
a) personnel expenses...............................................................................................................
-3,217
-3,362
b) other administrative expenses..............................................................................................
-2,271
-2,288
Net provisions for risks and charges.........................................................................................
-106
-141
a) commitments and guarantees given .....................................................................................
-74
60
b) other net provisions..............................................................................................................
-32
-201
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment .....................................................
-335
-320
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets.................................................................
-456
-410
Other operating expenses (income) ..........................................................................................
486
475
Operating expenses ................................................................................................................
-5,899 
-6,046 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ..............
204
41
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets measured at fair value ....
-3
-4
Goodwill impairment ...............................................................................................................
-
-
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments..............................................................................
14
189
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations.........................................................
3,598 
3,712 
Taxes on income from continuing operations...........................................................................
-1,239
-725
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations............................................................
2,359 
2,987 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations..............................................................
-
-
Net income (loss).....................................................................................................................
2,359 
2,987 
Minority interests .....................................................................................................................
-5
36
Parent Company's net income (loss).....................................................................................
2,354 
3,023 
Basic EPS – Euro....................................................................................................................
0.12 
0.16 
Diluted EPS – Euro ................................................................................................................ 
0.12 
0.16

--- Page 294 ---
10244042842-v58
- 284 -
47-41044778
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
History and Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. ("INSPIRE") is a public limited company and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. INSPIRE was incorporated in Ireland on 22 September 1987 under 
the Irish Companies Acts, 1963 to 1986 (now the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended) under company 
registration number 125216. On 2 October 1998, INSPIRE was granted a banking licence by the Central 
Bank of Ireland under section 9 of the Irish Central Bank Act 1971 which, in accordance with the SSM is, 
with effect from 4 November 2014, deemed to be an authorisation granted by the ECB under the SSM 
Regulation. 
Given the classification of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as a significant supervised group within the meaning 
of the SSM Framework Regulation (see Risk Factors – ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism), INSPIRE has 
been classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of the SSM Framework Regulation 
and, as such, is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions conferred on 
the ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland, as 
Ireland's national competent authority for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation, continues to be responsible, in respect of INSPIRE, for supervisory functions not conferred on 
the ECB. See also Risk Factors - ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
INSPIRE is a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo and is therefore part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
INSPIRE's registered office is located at 2nd Floor, International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, 
IFSC, Dublin 1, D01 K8F1, Ireland (tel: +353 1 672 6720). 
INSPIRE's website is http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Activities 
As a licensed bank, the principal areas of business of INSPIRE include: 
 
International lending to corporate and credit institutions on a bilateral or syndicated basis; 
 
Management of a portfolio of securities held for liquidity purposes; 
 
Treasury activities; 
 
Intra-group lending; and 
 
Issuance of guarantees and transaction services. 
INSPIRE operates in a number of countries and its credit exposures are widely diversified geographically, 
with an emphasis on Europe. Based on total assets as at 31 December 2020, INSPIRE is ranked the 29th 
largest financial company in Ireland23. 
Board of Directors 
The current composition of the Board of Directors of INSPIRE is as follows: 
Name 
Principal Activities outside INSPIRE 
Roberto Paolelli 
Managing Director and CEO of 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland plc 
None 
Neil Copland Chairman 
Director of BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International Ltd 
 
23  Source: The Irish Times Top 1,000 Companies, website, 2022.

--- Page 295 ---
10244042842-v58
- 285 -
47-41044778
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside INSPIRE 
Maria Cristina Lege 
Head of Money Market and Settlement in Intesa Sanpaolo –  
Senior Director, Group Finance and Treasury Department 
Renato Carducci 
None 
Michael Bermingham 
Director of Helium Arts 
Daniela Orlando 
Member of Exelia Srl board 
John Bowden 
Non-Executive Director of Drive Investment Funds PLC 
Francesco Introzzi 
Director of Lux Gest Asset Management S.A 
Deputy Chairman of Intesa San Paolo Brasil Brazil S.A. - 
Banco Multiplo 
Director of EXETRA SpA 
Deputy Chairman of Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors listed above is 2nd Floor, 
International House, 3 Harbourmaster Place, IFSC, Dublin 1, D01 K8F1, Ireland. 
Conflicts of Interest 
INSPIRE is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Ireland p.l.c. of each of the members of the Board of Directors listed above and their respective private 
interests or other duties. 
Control 
INSPIRE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo. As such, INSPIRE is under the control of Intesa 
Sanpaolo. At the date of this Base Prospectus, other than as set out above in this paragraph, INSPIRE is not 
aware of any arrangement the operation of which may at a date subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus result in a change in control of INSPIRE. 
No specific measures have been put in place by INSPIRE to ensure that Intesa Sanpaolo's control of 
INSPIRE is not abused. However, INSPIRE is regulated and supervised by the Joint Supervisory Team 
(JST) under the single supervisory mechanism and three of INSPIRE's directors, Neil Copland, Michael 
Bermingham and John Bowden, are not at the date of this Base Prospectus employees of any member of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and meet the criteria for independence set out under the Corporate Governance 
Code (see "Board of Directors" above).

--- Page 296 ---
10244042842-v58
- 286 -
47-41044778
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO INTESA SANPAOLO 
BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
The following tables show balance sheet and income statement information of INSPIRE as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. Such financial information is derived from, should be read in 
conjunction with and is qualified entirely by reference to the full audited annual financial statements of 
INSPIRE as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, together with the accompanying notes 
and auditors' report, all of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The half-yearly financial information of INSPIRE as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 30 
June 2021 is not audited. Such financial information is derived from, should be read in conjunction with 
and is qualified entirely by reference to the full unaudited half-yearly financial statements as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2022 which include comparative balance sheet and profit and loss account figures 
as at 30 June 2021, and are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The half-yearly financial 
information of ISPIRE for the six months ended 30 June 2022 has been prepared in accordance with Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s Accounting Instructions and Policy. However, please note that Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
Accounting Instructions and Policy may deviate from IFRS. Specifically, in relation to the non-inclusion 
of intra-group guarantees in the ECL provision in accordance with the requirements of paragraph B5.5.55 
of IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments. 
Section 340 ("Section 340") of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "2014 Act") and regulation 
3(1) ("Regulation 3(1)") of the European Union (Credit Institutions: Financial Statements) 
Regulations 2015 (the "2015 Regulations") 
This statement is included for the purpose of compliance with Section 340, as applied to INSPIRE by 
Regulation 3(1). The financial information in relation to any financial year, or half-year, of INSPIRE 
contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute statutory financial statements of INSPIRE. Statutory 
financial statements of INSPIRE have been prepared for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 and the statutory auditors to INSPIRE have given unqualified reports under, and in the 
form required by, applicable Irish law on such statutory financial statements which have been annexed to 
the relevant annual returns delivered to the Irish Registrar of Companies. Statutory financial statements of 
INSPIRE are not prepared for the financial half-years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022, the statutory 
auditors to INSPIRE have not reported on the financial information relating to those financial half-years 
and such financial information has not, and will not, be delivered to the Irish Registrar of Companies. The 
reason for preparing the financial information in the abbreviated form contained in this Base Prospectus is 
to provide to investors an immediate source of this limited financial information, and to enable a comparison 
to be drawn between that information as prepared for the different periods in respect of which it is set out. 
Terms used in this section and not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the 2014 Act, subject 
to the 2015 Regulations.

--- Page 297 ---
10244042842-v58
- 287 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
ANNUAL BALANCE SHEETS 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
31.12.2020 
Audited 
 
In Thousands 
of Euro 
In Thousands 
of Euro 
ASSETS 
 
 
Cash and balance with central banks..................................................
276,826
271,476
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income...
2,089,511
2,197,398
Loans and advances to banks .............................................................
4,089,845
6,104,416
Loans and advances to customers.......................................................
1,599,979
1,345,742
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................
507,966
568,914
Property, plant and equipment............................................................
199
586
Prepayments and accrued income ......................................................
363
132
Deferred tax assets .............................................................................
256
421
Other assets ........................................................................................
2,503
456
Total assets........................................................................................ 
8,567,448 
10,489,541 
LIABILITIES 
Deposits from banks...........................................................................
939,740
1,357,497
Debt securities in issue.......................................................................
4,854,001
6,186,175
Repurchase agreements......................................................................
53,557
53,831
Due to customers................................................................................
961,838
1,045,272
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................
554,125
664,181
Accruals and deferred income............................................................
501
628
Current tax..........................................................................................
609
269
Deferred tax liability ..........................................................................
1,270
1,392
Provisions for liabilities and commitments ........................................
103
215
Other liabilities...................................................................................
2,626
3,101
Total liabilities .................................................................................. 
7,368,370 
9,312,561 
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital.......................................................................................
400,500
400,500
Share premium ...................................................................................
1,025
1,025
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve ..................
8,144
8,885
Capital contribution reserves..............................................................
506,764
506,764
Retained earnings...............................................................................
282,645
259,806
Total equity....................................................................................... 
1,199,078 
1,176,980 
Total liabilities and shareholders' funds ........................................ 
8,567,448 
10,489,541

--- Page 298 ---
10244042842-v58
- 288 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENTS 
 
 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
31.12.2020 
Audited 
In thousands 
of Euro 
In thousands 
of Euro 
Interest and similar income ..........................................................
121,529 
123,175
(Interest expense and similar charges) .........................................
(101,406) 
(104,396)
Net interest income..................................................................... 
20,123 
18,779 
Fees and commissions income .....................................................
6,602 
7,757
(Fees and commissions expense) .................................................
(3,606) 
(3,996)
Net trading income / (loss)...........................................................
7,554 
3,918
Foreign exchange (loss) / profit....................................................
(285) 
(75)
Net impairment gains / (losses) on Financial Instruments ...........
6,862
(4,296)
Net operating income ................................................................. 
37,250 
22,087 
(Administrative expenses and depreciation).................................
(7,351) 
(6,707)
(Single Resolution Fund Levy) ....................................................
(3,794) 
(2,781)
Profit before tax ..........................................................................  
26,105 
12,599 
(Income Tax Expense) .................................................................
(3,266) 
(1,599)
Profit for the financial year....................................................... 
22,839 
11,000

--- Page 299 ---
10244042842-v58
- 289 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEETS 
 
30.06.2022 
Unaudited 
30.06.2021 
Unaudited 
 
(in thousands 
of Euro)
(in thousands 
of Euro)
ASSETS 
 
 
Securities - fair value through other comprehensive income .............
2,343,666
2,219,474
Securities at amortised cost ................................................................
89,628
48,624
Bank deposits .....................................................................................
402,942
812,251
Loans advanced..................................................................................
4,932,785
5,457,623
Fixed assets ........................................................................................
46
392
Corporation tax receivable and deferred tax.......................................
22,077
465
Accrued interest receivable ................................................................
177
152
Sundry debtors and deferred expenses ...............................................
488
2,548
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................
406,637
522,242
Total assets........................................................................................ 
8,198,446 
9,063,771 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Funds received ...................................................................................
2,672,470
1,969,822
Debt securities in issue.......................................................................
4,149,636
5,307,632
Corporation tax payable and deferred tax ..........................................
1,223
1,736
Accruals & deferred income...............................................................
11,108
4,282
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................
339,993
596,331
Provisions for liabilities and commitments ........................................
209
64
Total liabilities .................................................................................. 
7,174,639 
7,879,867 
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital.......................................................................................
400,500
400,500
Share premium ...................................................................................
1,025
1,025
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve and other 
reserves...............................................................................................
(4,222) 
480 
Capital contribution reserves..............................................................
506,764
506,764
Retained earnings...............................................................................
119,740
275,135
Total equity....................................................................................... 
1,023,807 
1,183,904 
Total liabilities and shareholders' funds ........................................ 
8,198,446 
9,063,771

--- Page 300 ---
10244042842-v58
- 290 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK IRELAND P.L.C. 
HALF YEARLY INCOME STATEMENTS 
  
30.06.2022 
Unaudited 
30.06.2021 
Unaudited 
(in thousands 
of Euro)
(in thousands 
of Euro)
Interest and similar income ................................................................
65,592
56,901
(Interest expense and similar charges) ...............................................
(53,390)
(47,364)
Net interest income........................................................................... 
12,202 
9,537 
Net fees...............................................................................................
(467)
834
Other profit / (loss).............................................................................
609
3,373
Exchange gain / (loss) ........................................................................
19
0
Net operating income ....................................................................... 
12,363 
13,744 
(Administrative expenses)..................................................................
(4,164)
(4,050)
(Single Resolution Fund Levy) ..........................................................
(3,770)
(3,794)
Net impairment loss on Financial Instruments...................................
(171,940)
5,143
Net profit before tax......................................................................... 
(167,511) 
11,043 
(Taxation Credit/ (Charge))................................................................
20,932
(1,388)
(Loss)/Profit after tax....................................................................... 
(146,578) 
9,655

--- Page 301 ---
10244042842-v58
- 291 -
47-41044778
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A 
History and Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. ("Intesa Luxembourg") is a Société Anonyme ("S.A."), originally 
incorporated under the name Société Européenne de Banque S.A.. By a decision taken at an extraordinary 
shareholders meeting held on 5 October 2015, the legal name of the bank was changed from Société 
Européenne de Banque S.A. to Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A.. 
Intesa Luxembourg was incorporated in Luxembourg on 2 June 1976 under Luxembourg law, notably the 
law of 10 August 1915, as amended. Intesa Luxembourg holds a banking licence pursuant to Luxembourg 
law issued on 19 May 1976 under number 23906 by the Ministère des Classes Moyennes. 
In the context of successive group consolidations having taken place, with effect from 1 January 2002, 
Intesa Luxembourg incorporated all assets and liabilities of Banca Intesa International S.A., Luxembourg. 
With effect from 7 July 2008, Intesa Luxembourg incorporated the non-investment fund assets and 
liabilities of Sanpaolo Bank S.A., Luxembourg. 
At 31 December 2020, authorised, issued and fully paid capital stood at €1,389,370,555.36. Total equity, 
including issued share capital and reserves in the standalone annual statement, stood at €2,506,821,925. 
With effect on 1 February 2016, the activities of the former Amsterdam branch of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
were transferred to a newly created branch of Intesa Luxembourg situated in Amsterdam. The transfer was 
in kind against the issue of 13,750 new shares directly to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. consisting of €4,279,308.01 
to share capital and €7,720,691.99 to share premium. 
On 22 September 2016, Intesa Luxembourg's capital was increased from €539,370,828.01 to 
€989,370,720.28, the increase being fully subscribed by Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International S.A., a 
company wholly controlled by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., and authorised capital has been established at 
€1,389,370,555.36. 
In August 2017, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. sold its 0.4325 % holding of Intesa Luxembourg's share capital to 
Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International S.A.. 
On 25 October 2017, Intesa Luxembourg's capital was further increased from €989,370,720.28 to 
€1,389,370,555.36, the increase being fully subscribed by Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International S.A., 
which remains the sole direct shareholder. 
On 01 August 2021, within the context of a wider strategic re-organisation in the Intesa Sanpaolo banking 
group, and further to decisions of their respective extraordinary shareholder meetings, Intesa Luxembourg 
sold its wealth management business to Fideuram Bank Luxembourg S.A., another group entity in 
Luxembourg active in fund management and private banking. Intesa Luxembourg is thus now fully 
concentrated on its core business of corporate financing, notably with the creation in November 2021 of a 
new structured finance hub. With effect from 1st January 2022, the Amsterdam branch was closed and its 
activities were transferred to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
As indicated above, Intesa Luxembourg is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo Holding 
International S.A. which is in turn wholly owned by Intesa Sanpaolo. As such, Intesa Luxembourg is under 
the control of Intesa Sanpaolo. At the date of this Base Prospectus, other than as set out herein, Intesa 
Luxembourg is not aware of any arrangement nor operation of which may at a date subsequent to the date 
of this Base Prospectus result in a change in control of Intesa Luxembourg. 
No specific measures have been put in place by Intesa Luxembourg to ensure that Intesa Sanpaolo's control 
of Intesa Luxembourg is not abused. Intesa Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, 
respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework 
for co- operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each 
national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") 
and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to 
ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation.

--- Page 302 ---
10244042842-v58
- 292 -
47-41044778
 
 
Intesa Luxembourg is registered with the Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de Commerce et 
des Sociétés) in Luxembourg under registration number B13859. 
Its registered office is located at 28 Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg (tel: + 352 4614111). 
Intesa Luxembourg's website is https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu. The information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Activities 
As a licensed bank, the principal areas of business of Intesa Luxembourg include: 
 
Corporate banking; 
 
International lending to corporate and credit institutions on a bilateral or syndicated basis; 
 
Management of a portfolio of securities held for liquidity purposes; and 
 
Treasury activities. 
Intesa Luxembourg's credit exposures are widely diversified geographically, with however an emphasis on 
Europe, and more particularly on Italy and Italian related risks. Based on total assets as at 31 December 
2021, Intesa Luxembourg is ranked the seventh largest bank in Luxembourg (Source: KPMG - 
Luxemburger Wort, Classement des Banques 2022). 
As of 30th November 2022, Intesa Luxembourg had 153 employees, and as of 2st December 2022, Intesa 
Luxembourg had 156 employees. 
Board of Directors 
The current composition of the Board of Directors of Intesa Luxembourg is as follows: 
Name and Title 
Principal Activities outside Intesa Luxembourg 
Christian Schaack 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Holding 
International S.A. 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board and 
member of the audit committee of 
Vseobecna Uverova Banka VUB a.s. 
 
Director and Vice-Chairman of Intesa 
Sanpaolo Servitia S.A. 
 
Director and Vice-Chairman of Intesa 
Sanpaolo International Value Services 
D.O.O. 
 
Director, 
chairman 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee, member of the Risk & 
Compliance Committee of Swiss quote 
Bank 
Europe 
Bank 
S.A. 
(online 
Brokerage Bank; formerly internal Bank 
S.A.) 
 
Director of Macaria Tinena SL 
 
Chairman of Atoz Foundation 
Massimo Torchiana 
CEO 
 
Chairman 
of 
Lux 
Gest 
Asset 
Management S.A.

--- Page 303 ---
10244042842-v58
- 293 -
47-41044778
 
 
Name and Title 
Principal Activities outside Intesa Luxembourg 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Intesa Sanpaolo Brasil S.A. - Banco 
Múltiplo 
 
Board Member of the ABBL 
 
Board Member of the Fondation Cavour 
Florence Reckinger-Taddei 
 
Member of the Board of Directors and 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International 
S.A. 
 
Member of the audit & risk committee of 
Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International 
S.A. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Red Cross Luxembourg 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Mudam Musée d'Art Moderne Grand-
Duc Jean Luxembourg 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Friends of Art and History Museums 
Luxembourg asbl 
 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Foundation of Friends of Luxembourg 
Museums of Art and History 
 
President of the Board of Directors of 
Let'z Arles, asbl 
 
Member of the Board  of Fonds de 
dotation des Rencontres d'Arles 
 
Member of the Board of the Rencontres 
d’Arles asbl 
 
Member of the Board and vice chairman 
of the fonds de dotation of the Ecole 
Nationale Supérieure de Photographie 
d’Arles 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Edward Steichen Awards Luxembourg 
asbl 
Marco Antonio Bertotti
-
Aude Lemogne 
 
Executive Director of Link Management  
 
Independent Board Director of AXA 
Wealth Europe 
 
Independent Board Director PEI (Private 
Equity International)

--- Page 304 ---
10244042842-v58
- 294 -
47-41044778
 
 
Name and Title 
Principal Activities outside Intesa Luxembourg 
 
Independent Board Director of Ruffer 
Sicav (part of Ruffer LLP) 
 
Independent Board Director of Ruffer 
RPS (part of Ruffer LLP) 
 
Independent 
Non-executive 
Director 
Trustee, ClientEarth, NGO 
Novella Burioli 
 
Non-Executive Director Italian Chamber 
of Commerce and Industry in Poland  
 
Non-Executive Director Intesa Sanpaolo 
IMI Securities Corp. 
Enrico Gorla 
 
Non-Executive Director LQH SA  
 
Board Member of the Fondation Cavour 
Andrea Mayr 
-
Gabriele Luisetto 
-
Laura Segni 
 
Non-executive director Intesa Sanpaolo 
IMI Securities Corp. 
Francesco Introzzi 
 
Non-Executive Director Intesa Sanpaolo 
Bank Ireland   
 
Non-Executive Director Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil S.A. - Banco Multiplo  
 
Non-Executive Director Exetra s.p.a. 
 
Non-Executive Director Lux Gest Asset 
Management S.A. 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors listed above is 28 Boulevard de 
Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Intesa Luxembourg is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Intesa 
Luxembourg of each of the members of the Board of Directors listed above and their private interests or 
other duties.

--- Page 305 ---
10244042842-v58
- 295 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
31.12.2020 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
Assets 
 
Cash and cash balances with central banks 
619,220 
538,213 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
("FVTPL") 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading
5,858
54,712
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value
503 
500 
 
6,361 
55,212 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVTOCI") 
3,695,808 
1,996,131 
Loans and advances 
Loans and advances to credit institutions
6,747,753
7,679,988
Loans and advances to customers
8,957,309 
8,379,810 
 
15,705,062 
16,059,798 
Derivatives held for hedging 
29,160 
- 
Tangible fixed assets 
728 
2,625 
Intangible assets 
- 
- 
Current tax assets 
- 
7,134 
Deferred tax assets 
1,249 
1,202 
Other assets 
23,727 
22,009 
Non-current assets held-for-sale and disposal groups 
1,010,638 
- 
Total assets 
21,091,953 
18,682,324

--- Page 306 ---
10244042842-v58
- 296 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
31.12.2020 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
Liabilities 
 
Deposits from central banks 
1,984,445 
799,978 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ("FVTPL") 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading
33,444
12,831
Financial liabilities designated at fair value
 
- 
 
33,444 
12,831 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ("AC") 
Deposits from credit institutions
4,828,839
3,273,209
Deposits from customers
3,004,368
4,263,866
Debts evidenced by certificates
7,157,682 
7,687,406 
 
14,990,889 
15,224,481 
Derivatives held for hedging 
40,860 
92,636 
Provisions 
3,349 
6,533 
Current tax liabilities 
- 
5,848 
Deferred tax liabilities 
456 
3,422 
Other liabilities 
21,606 
29,773 
Liabilities associated with disposal group 
1,397,368 
- 
Total liabilities 
18,472,417 
16,175,502 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
1,389,371 
1,389,371 
Share premium 
7,721 
7,721 
Revaluation reserve 
(1,893) 
5,917 
Other reserves and retained earnings 
1,063,493 
1,021,219 
Net profit for the year 
160,844 
82,594 
Total equity 
2,619,536 
2,506,822 
Total liabilities and equity 
21,091,953 
18,682,324

--- Page 307 ---
10244042842-v58
- 297 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2020 
 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
(Restated) 
‘000 EUR 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS: 
 
 
Interest income
174,230
205,010
218,327
Interest expenses
(65,204) 
(85,803) 
(88,227) 
Net interest income 
109,026 
119,207 
130,100 
Fee and commission income
67,869
64,318
71,809
Fee and commission expenses
(20,056) 
(25,902) 
(24,256) 
Net fee and commission income 
47,813 
38,416  
47,553 
Dividend income 
45 
- 
- 
Net (un)realised losses on financial assets and 
liabilities held for trading 
 
(24,075) 
26,063 
(16,577) 
Net unrealised gains/(losses) on financial assets and 
liabilities held for hedging 
 
389 
70 
70 
Net (un)realised gains(/losses) on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
83 
(114) 
(114) 
Net realised gains on financial assets and liabilities 
not at fair value through profit or loss 
 
13,651 
2,321 
2,323 
Other income
4,669
2,143
2,143
Other expenses
(4,544) 
(4,290) 
(4,328) 
Net other expenses 
125 
(2,147) 
(2,185) 
Administrative expenses 
(47,176) 
(41,266) 
(43,304) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(2,093) 
(2,068) 
(2,296) 
Provisions
2,580
(1,971)
(2,431)
Net impairment result on financial assets 
25,546 
(25,955) 
(26,310) 
Other extraordinary income 
1,020 
- 
- 
Tax (expense) income 
418 
(761) 
(4,235) 
Discontinued operations 
33,492 
(29,201) 
- 
Net Profit for the Year 
 
160,844 
 
82,594 
82,594

--- Page 308 ---
10244042842-v58
- 298 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
31.12.2020
Audited
‘000 EUR 
Net profit for the year
160,844  
82,594 
Other comprehensive income:
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
 
 
Tangible assets
- 
-
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified
- 
- 
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss
 
 
Net change in fair value on financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income and expected credit losses 
(10,405)
14,775
Deferred tax relating to the components of other comprehensive 
income
2,595
(3,687)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 
(7,810) 
11,088 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
153,034 
93,682

--- Page 309 ---
10244042842-v58
- 299 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021
Audited
‘000 EUR 
31.12.2020
Audited
‘000 EUR 
Assets 
 
Cash and cash balances with central banks 
619,220  
538,213 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
("FVTPL") 
Financial assets held for trading
5,858
54,712
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value
503 
500 
 
6,361 
55,212 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVTOCI") 
 
3,695,654 
1,995,968 
Loans and advances 
Loans and advances to credit institutions
6,747,753
7,679,988
Loans and advances to customers
8,957,310 
8,379,810 
 
15,705,063 
16,059,798 
Derivatives held for hedging 
29,160 
- 
Tangible fixed assets 
742 
2,649 
Intangible assets 
11 
11 
Current tax assets 
- 
7,134 
Deferred tax assets 
1,248 
1,202 
Other assets 
23,830 
24,070 
Non-current assets held-for-sale and disposal groups 
1,010,638 
- 
Total Assets 
21,091,927 
18,684,257

--- Page 310 ---
10244042842-v58
- 300 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
‘000 EUR 
31.12.2020
Audited
‘000 EUR 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Deposits from central banks 
1,984,445 
799,978 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or 
loss ("FVTPL") 
Financial liabilities held for trading
33,444
12,831
 
33,444  
12,831 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ("AC") 
Deposits from credit institutions
4,828,839
3,273,209
Deposits from customers
3,003,926
4,263,569
Debts evidenced by certificates
7,157,682 
7,687,406 
 
14,990,447 
15,224,184 
Derivatives held for hedging 
40,859 
92,636 
Provisions 
3,487 
6,624 
Current tax liabilities 
- 
5,848 
Deferred tax liabilities 
456 
3,422 
Other liabilities 
21,947 
31,923 
Liabilities associated with disposal group 
1,397,368 
- 
Total liabilities 
18,472,453 
16,177,446 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital
1,389,371
1,389,371
Share premium
7,721
7,721
Revaluation reserve
(1,892)
5,909
Other reserves and retained earnings
1,063,490
1,021,476
Net profit for the year
160,784 
82,334 
Total equity 
2,619,474 
2,506,811 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
21,091,927 
18,684,257

--- Page 311 ---
10244042842-v58
- 301 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2020 
 
Audited 
'000 EUR 
(Restated) 
'000 EUR 
Audited
'000 EUR 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS: 
 
 
Interest income
174,248
205,010
218,327
Interest expenses
(65,204) 
(85,809) 
(88,232) 
Net interest income 
109,044 
119,201 
130,095 
Fee and commission income
72,215
71,546
79,036
Fee and commission expenses
(23,444) 
(32,252) 
(30,606) 
Net fee and commission income 
48,771 
39,294 
48,430 
Dividend income 
45
-
-
Net (un)realised losses on financial assets and 
liabilities held for trading 
 
(24,075) 
 
26,063 
(16,577) 
Net unrealised gains/(losses) on financial assets and 
liabilities held for hedging 
 
389 
 
70 
70 
Net (un)realised gains/(losses) on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
83 
 
(114) 
(114) 
Net realised gains on financial assets and liabilities not 
at fair value through profit or loss 
 
13,651 
 
2,321 
2,323 
Other income
4,783
2,305
2,305
Other expenses
(4,401) 
(4,260) 
(4,298) 
Net other expenses 
382 
(1,955) 
(1,993) 
Administrative expenses 
(48,454) 
(42,575) 
(44,612) 
Depreciation and amortisation
(2,103)
(2,075)
(2,303)
Provisions 
2,580 
(1,971) 
(2,431) 
Net impairment result on financial assets 
25,546 
(25,955) 
(26,310) 
Other extraordinary income 
1,020 
- 
- 
Tax (expense) income 
413
(769)
(4,244)
Discontinued operations 
33,492 
(29,201) 
- 
Net Profit for the Year 
 
160,784 
82,334 
82,334

--- Page 312 ---
10244042842-v58
- 302 -
47-41044778
 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2021 
Audited 
'000 EUR 
31.12.2020
Audited
'000 EUR 
 
Net profit for the year
160,784  
82,334 
Other comprehensive income:
 
 
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss
 
 
Net change in fair value on financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income and expected credit losses 
(10,396)
14,764 
Deferred tax relating to the components of other comprehensive 
income
2,595
(3,687) 
Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year, net of tax 
(7,801) 
11,077 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
152,983 
93,411

--- Page 313 ---
10244042842-v58
- 303 -
47-41044778
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SYDNEY BRANCH 
Overview of the branch 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. was registered as a foreign company with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”) on 8 March 2012 and operates through its Sydney Branch 
(the “Sydney Branch”). The registered office of the Sydney Branch is Level 62, MLC Centre, 
25 Martin Place, Sydney, New South Wales 2000, Australia. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.’s Australian 
Registered Body Number (“ARBN”) is 15 153 829 and its Australian Business Number (“ABN”) 
is 46 156 153 829. 
The Sydney Branch fits into Intesa Sanpaolo Corporate and Investment Banking Division 
(“CIB”). The Sydney Branch offers a range of products exclusively to corporate clients. From a 
sector perspective, the clients will include institutions involved in infrastructure and public 
interest projects or in public-private sector cooperation. The Sydney Branch has also established 
consolidated relations and works actively with domestic, international and Italian institutions. 
The Sydney Branch currently has 17 full-time staff, working in its Departments of Structured 
Finance, Corporate Coverage, Treasury, Accounting and Operations, Risk Management, Cyber 
Security, Compliance and AML. 
Senior Managers are the General Manager, the Managing Director of Structured Finance, the 
Business Director and the Head of Compliance and AML.  
Funding strategy of the branch 
The Sydney Branch funding strategy is consistent with the prudent business practice for an ADI, 
in accordance with the APRA’s liquidity standard. As part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, the 
Sydney Branch's liquidity is based on the Group funding strategy and is driven by a robust 
funding strategy aimed at balancing both the  cost of funds and the associated risks. Such strategy 
is based on the following pillars: 
 
adequate mix of funding channels; 
 
appropriate funding capacity to fund targeted growth; 
 
diversification of funding sources; 
 
lengthening of liabilities duration; 
 
overall cost of funds management. 
 
The Sydney Branch funding strategy is aligned with the standard model adopted by all ISP CIB 
Foreign Branches. This model is based on a close coordination with the Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Treasury Department that provides full support and commitment to the Sydney Branch with the 
aim of defining the most suitable funding sources. 
The Medium Long Term (“MLT”) funding is aimed at both extending the average maturity of the 
Sydney Branch liabilities and diversifying the funding sources. Although the primary source of MLT 
funding is the internal funding from Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the issuance of unsecured bonds 
denominated in AUD from the Sydney Branch is an additional tool also in the context of the Group’s 
broadening of the investor base in terms of geographical distribution. 
Regulated activities and business activities 
On 17 December 2020, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. was authorised by the Australian Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“APRA”) (as defined below)  to carry on banking business in Australia as 
a foreign authorised deposit-taking institution (“ADIs”) (as defined below) pursuant to Section 
9 of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the “Australian Banking Act”). The Sydney 
Branch also holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (“AFSL”) (number 520252), issued 
by ASIC, to provide financial services in Australia. The Sydney Branch’s AFSL permits it to 
provide financial product advice in relation to certain specified financial products.

--- Page 314 ---
10244042842-v58
- 304 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
APRA is the prudential regulator that governs ADIs who carry on a banking business in Australia. 
APRA’s prudential responsibilities include the regulation of non-Australian financial institutions 
that operate a banking business in Australia for the purposes of the Australian Banking Act. 
Under the Australian Banking Act, the Sydney Branch is licensed by APRA as a foreign ADI. 
APRA requires ADIs (including foreign ADIs, such as the Sydney Branch) to meet certain 
prudential requirements, which are set out in the Prudential Standards published by APRA and 
available on APRA’s website (www.apra.gov.au). 
The Sydney Branch’s authorisation from APRA to carry on banking business in Australia is 
subject to the condition that it may not accept deposits of less than A$250,000 from any source 
other than from (a) incorporated entities, (b) persons or unincorporated entities that are not 
residents of Australia, (c) its own employees or (d) persons or non-incorporated entities with an 
initial balance with the foreign ADI pf at least A$250,000. Activities carried out by the Sydney 
Branch include: 
(a) provide general financial product advice for the following classes of financial products: 
 
(i) deposit and payment products including: 
 
 
(A) basic deposit products; 
 
 
(B) deposit products other than basic deposit products; and 
 
 
(C) non-cash payment products; 
 
(ii) derivatives; 
 
(iii) foreign exchange contracts; 
 
(iv) debentures, stocks or bonds issued or proposed to be issued by a government; and 
 
(v) securities; 
(b) deal in a financial product by: 
(i) issuing, applying for, acquiring, varying or disposing of a financial product in respect 
of the       following classes of financial products: 
 
(A) deposit and payment products including: 
 
 
(1) basic deposit products; 
 
 
(2) deposit products other than basic deposit products; and 
 
 
(3) non-cash payment products; 
 
(B) derivatives; 
 
(C) foreign exchange contracts; 
 
(D) debentures, stocks or bonds issued or proposed to be issued by a government; 
and 
 
(E) securities; 
(ii) applying for, acquiring, varying or disposing of a financial product on behalf of another 
person in respect of the following classes of products: 
 
(A) deposit and payment products including:

--- Page 315 ---
10244042842-v58
- 305 -
47-41044778
 
 
 
 
(1) basic deposit products; 
 
 
(2) deposit products other than basic deposit products; and 
 
 
(3) non-cash payment products; 
 
(B) derivatives;  
 
(C) foreign exchange contracts; 
 
(D) debentures, stocks or bonds issued or proposed to be issued by a government; 
and 
 
(E) securities 
to wholesale clients. 
No depositor protection 
The Notes will not be protected accounts or deposit liabilities of the Sydney Branch for the 
purposes of the Australian Banking Act. In addition, the Sydney Branch's indebtedness in respect 
of the Notes is not guaranteed or insured by any government, government agency or 
compensation scheme of Australia or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 316 ---
10244042842-v58
- 306 -
47-41044778
 
 
TAXATION 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in 
force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Italian tax laws and interpretations may be subject to frequent 
changes which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English term as 
they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the relevant 
Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
In this Italian Taxation section any reference to (i) the Notes includes also the Coupons and (ii) the 
Noteholders includes also the Couponholders, where the context so admits. 
Taxation of the Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended ("Decree No. 239") sets out 
the applicable tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") deriving from 
notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued by, inter alia, Italian banks. 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to notes issued by the Issuer to the extent that they qualify as 
bonds or debentures similar to bonds pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 
1986, as amended and supplemented. For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) are securities that: (a) incorporate an unconditional obligation of the Issuer to pay at maturity 
an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and (b) do 
not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the Issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial 
instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other 
than shares and assimilated instruments, as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 
13 August 2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as further 
amended. 
Otherwise, Notes that do not qualify as debentures similar to bonds may be characterized for Italian tax 
purposes as "atypical securities" and as such regulated by Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni, who is the beneficial owner of Interest payments 
under such Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
association; or

--- Page 317 ---
10244042842-v58
- 307 -
47-41044778
 
 
(c) 
private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Notes). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted the 
management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so-called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime") according to Article 7 of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended ("Decree No. 461")). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional 
income tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be 
subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction 
from the Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni received by 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 
of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so-called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio 
("SGRs"), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance 
("Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (i) be (a) resident in Italy, or (b) a 
permanent establishments in Italy of a non Italian resident Intermediary or (c) an entity or a company not 
resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected 
with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative 
for the purposes of Decree No. 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as 
transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements under (i) and (ii) above, 
the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the holders of 
the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners 
who are: (i) Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to 
which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial 
activities (società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice); (iii) Italian resident open-ended 
or closed-ended collective investment funds, investment companies with a variable capital ("SICAVs"), 
investment companies with fixed capital ("SICAFs"), other than Real Estate Funds (as defined below) 
(together the "Funds" and each a "Fund"), Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree 
No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"), Italian real estate investment companies with fixed 
capital ("Real Estate SICAFs") and Italian resident real estate investment funds (together with Real Estate 
SICAFs, the "Real Estate Funds"); and (iv) Italian resident holders of the Notes included in the 
abovementioned "net recipients" categories who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, 
including the Notes, to an authorised financial Intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management 
Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes 
without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iv)

--- Page 318 ---
10244042842-v58
- 308 -
47-41044778
 
 
must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due 
time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly with an Intermediary. Where 
the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
Italian intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. Gross recipients 
that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which 
the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes 
due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes 
of regional tax on productive activities – "IRAP") of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations 
or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected 
and subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident investors who have opted for the Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. 
annual substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset 
Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
Intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation 
on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply. Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, to the extent the 
Notes are timely deposited with an Intermediary. The income of the Real Estate Fund may be subject to 
tax, in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, 
or, when earned by the Real Estate Fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the 
units or the shares. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of 
Decree No. 252) and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued 
during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of each tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the 
"Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), Interest in 
respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva at 
the rate of 26 per cent. if made to Noteholders who are non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Interest 
payments with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected provided 
that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a state or territory which allows an adequate 
exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 
September 1996, as amended and supplemented, lastly by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017, 
and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 4 (c) of 
Decree No. 239 (the "White List"); and

--- Page 319 ---
10244042842-v58
- 309 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva 
are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of 
Interest in respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance 
with international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in 
countries included in the White List, even if they do not possess the status of taxpayer therein; and (iii) 
Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, non-Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes (institutional investors that do not 
possess the status of taxpayer are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law); 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly 
with an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
bank or SIM, or with a non-Italian resident operator participating in a centralised securities 
management system which is in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; 
and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that 
he or she is resident, for tax purposes, in a White List State. Such statement (autocertificazione), 
which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 
(as amended and supplemented), is valid until withdrawn or revoked and need not be submitted 
where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was previously 
submitted to the same depository. The statement (autocertificazione) is not required for non-Italian 
resident investors that are international entities and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a 
total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes provided that all conditions for its application are met. 
Taxation of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of Interest from notes issued by, inter alia, non-Italian resident 
entities. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Interest from the Notes issued by INSPIRE or by 
Intesa Luxembourg which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Italian resident holder of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg that qualify as 
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni, who is the beneficial owner of such Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
association; or 
(c) 
private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation.

--- Page 320 ---
10244042842-v58
- 310 -
47-41044778
 
 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Notes). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted the 
management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the Asset Management Regime). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. Interest 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income 
tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by the Intermediaries. The 
Intermediaries must intervene in any way in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or 
disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva 
is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholders. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of 
Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni received by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per 
cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg that qualify as 
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made 
to beneficial owners who are: (i) Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) Italian resident partnerships carrying 
out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice); (iii) Funds, 
Italian resident pension funds referred to in Decree No. 252, Italian resident Real Estate Funds; and (iv) 
Italian resident holders of the Notes included in the abovementioned "net recipients" categories who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial 
intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. Such categories are qualified as "gross 
recipients". 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated under limbs (i) to (iv) above must (a) be the beneficial owners of 
payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating 
to such Notes directly or indirectly with an Intermediary. Where the Notes are not deposited with an 
Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to 
the Noteholder and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in 
Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta 
sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes would be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for purposes 
of regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations 
or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected 
and subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules, and such beneficial owners may be entitled 
to a tax credit for any withholding taxes applied outside Italy on Interest on Notes issued by INSPIRE or 
by Intesa Luxembourg. 
Italian resident investors who have opted for the Asset Management Regime are subject to the 26 per cent. 
annual Asset Management Tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each

--- Page 321 ---
10244042842-v58
- 311 -
47-41044778
 
 
tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is 
applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
Intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation 
on such result, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax at the relevant applicable rate may apply on 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is Real Estate Fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund to the extent the 
Notes are deposited with an Intermediary. The income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to tax, in the hands 
of the unitholder or shareholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned 
by the Real Estate Fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units or the shares. 
Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree No. 252 are subject 
to the Pension Fund Tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect to 
the Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
Pension Fund if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Where Interest on Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg and beneficially owned by 
Noteholders qualifying as net recipients, as defined above, are not collected through the intervention of an 
Intermediary or any other Italian intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholders and as such no imposta 
sostitutiva is applied, the Italian resident beneficial owners qualifying as net recipients will be required to 
declare Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per 
cent., unless option for a different regime is allowed and made. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Interest payments relating to Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg and received by 
non-Italian resident beneficial owners are not subject to taxation in Italy. 
If Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are 
deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or are sold through any such intermediary or in any case an Italian resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such 
Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder 
may be required to produce to the relevant intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or 
she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where Intesa Sanpaolo issues a new Tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject 
to imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue 
price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from 
the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche 
and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied 
by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) but qualify as atypical securities (titoli 
atipici) may be subject, pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, to a

--- Page 322 ---
10244042842-v58
- 312 -
47-41044778
 
 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the Issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were 
issued, nor to control the same. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian-resident Issuer, where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar 
Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, the 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above 
does not apply to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and to an Italian resident 
Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership or (iii) a commercial private or public 
institution. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the above-mentioned withholding tax on Interest relating to 
the Notes not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) qualifying as titoli atipici ("atypical securities") pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 
512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
For the sake of completeness it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may be entitled 
to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. withholding tax under the 
double taxation treaty (generally, to 10 per cent. or to the other applicable rates, if more favourable), if any, 
entered into by Italy and their country of tax residence, provided that all the conditions for its application 
are met. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on Notes made by an Italian 
resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an 
alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not support 
such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments made by Intesa Sanpaolo as Guarantor under the Trust Deed in respect of Notes 
issued by Intesa Luxembourg or by INSPIRE, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any 
such payments may be subject to Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a 
provisional tax (a titolo d'imposta or a titolo di acconto) depending on the residential "status" of the 
Noteholder, pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973. In the case of payments to 
non-Italian residents, the withholding tax should be final and should apply at the rate of 26 per cent. Such 
non-Italian resident Noteholders may benefit from a double taxation treaty entered into by Italy and their 
country of tax residence allowing for a lower (or in certain cases, nil) withholding tax rate, provided that 
all the conditions for its application are met. 
In that event, and in accordance with Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Guarantor should be treated, in 
certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and subject to the tax treatment described above 
under section headed "Taxation of Notes issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg".

--- Page 323 ---
10244042842-v58
- 313 -
47-41044778
 
 
Capital gains 
Notes Issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") is 
applicable to capital gains realised by: 
 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; 
or 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the so-called "regime della dichiarazione" ("Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard 
regime for taxation of capital gains for the taxpayers mentioned above, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred 
capital losses realised pursuant to all investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal year. The 
capital gains realised in a year net of any relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant 
annual tax return to be filed with Italian tax authorities and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital 
gains together with any balance income tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal 
year. 
Alternatively to the Tax Declaration Regime, the holders of the Notes who are: 
 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are 
connected; 
 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or 
redemption of the Notes under the so-called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the "Administrative 
Savings Regime"). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being 
deposited with banks, SIMs and any other Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being 
made in writing in due time by the relevant holder of the Notes. The intermediary is responsible for 
accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption 
of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred 
capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder 
of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the holder of the Notes. 
Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to 
deduct such loss from gains of the same kind subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the Notes 
within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the 
annual income tax return of the Noteholder. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an 
Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital gains realised upon sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains 
but will contribute the determination of the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject 
to the Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio at the year-end may be carried 
forward against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. Also under the Asset 
Management Regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return 
of the Noteholder.

--- Page 324 ---
10244042842-v58
- 314 -
47-41044778
 
 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be 
included in their business income (and, in certain cases, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, may 
also be included in the taxable net value of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according 
to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect 
of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No.509 
of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian 
law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains on the Notes contribute to determine the increase in value 
of the managed assets of the Funds accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds will not be subject to 
taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax may apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation in the Real Estate Fund income derived from the Real Estate Fund may be subject to taxation 
in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund subject to the regime provided 
for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252 will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, and will be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain limitations and 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), capital gains realised in respect to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may, in certain circumstances, be payable on any 
capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and 
corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the 
Notes are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, any capital gains 
realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are exempt from 
taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and in certain 
cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) 
of non-residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless 
of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. The Italian tax authorities have clarified that 
the notion of multilateral trading facility ("MTF") under EU Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) 
can be assimilated to that of "regulated market" for income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading 
facilities (OTF), not falling in the definition of MTF under MiFID II, cannot be assimilated to "regulated 
market" for Italian income tax purposes. 
Where the Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non-Italian resident beneficial owners with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from the 
imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration 
or redemption of the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer if the Noteholders are resident, for 
tax purposes in a state or territory included in the White List. Under these circumstances, if non 
Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings

--- Page 325 ---
10244042842-v58
- 315 -
47-41044778
 
 
Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time 
with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) 
stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. The same exemption applies where the 
beneficial owners of Notes (institutional investors that do not possess the status of taxpayer are 
deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) issued by an Italian resident Issuer are (i) 
international entities or organisations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified by Italy; (ii) foreign institutional investors established in countries included in the White 
List, even if they do not possess the status of taxpayer therein; or (iii) Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; and 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer are effectively connected that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes, provided that all conditions for its 
application are met. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are effectively connected elect for the Asset 
Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian 
capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they promptly file with the Italian authorised 
financial intermediary a self-declaration attesting that all the requirements for the application of 
the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by 
non-Italian resident issuers are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes are held outside Italy. 
However, the same exemptions illustrated above apply to the benefit of non-Italian residents if capital gains 
on the Notes might become taxable due to the holding of the Notes in Italy. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments by Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006 effective from 29 November 2006, and Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers 
of any valuable assets (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for no 
consideration) and the creation of liens (costituzione di patrimoni separati) on such assets for a specific 
purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the 
transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to siblings; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on the 
value exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct 
affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; and 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding 
€1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from inheritance 
tax when such financial instruments are included in an individual long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate

--- Page 326 ---
10244042842-v58
- 316 -
47-41044778
 
 
of €200; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax only upon the 
occurrence of a case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or of voluntary registration. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
According to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August 
1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial 
partnerships and similar institutions are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly 
income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within 
the same time as prescribed for the income tax return): 
(a) 
the amount of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo held abroad during each tax year; and 
(b) 
the amount of Notes, issued by INSPIRE or by Intesa Luxembourg, held abroad during each tax 
year. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, it is not necessary to comply with the above reporting requirement with respect to: (i) the 
Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) the contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been 
subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed of deposits 
and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972 ("Decree 642"), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial 
product and instrument (including the Notes), which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in 
Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are 
not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value is 
available, on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot 
be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets (including banking bonds, obbligazioni 
and capital adequacy financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which 
is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods 
of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 
2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that 
exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting 
from fiscal year 2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions 
holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to declare in its 
own annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent ("IVAFE"). IVAFE cannot 
exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This tax is calculated on the market value at the 
end of the relevant year (or at the end of the holding period) or, if no market value figure is available, on 
the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, 
on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad. A tax credit is granted for 
any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets (up to the amount of IVAFE due). The 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE, if such financial assets are administered 
by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived 
from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply.

--- Page 327 ---
10244042842-v58
- 317 -
47-41044778
 
 
AUSTRALIAN TAXATION 
The following taxation summary is of a general nature only and addresses only some of the key Australian 
tax implications that may arise for a prospective holder of a Note or an interest in a Note (in the following 
taxation summary, an “Investor”) as a result of acquiring, holding or transferring the Note.  The following 
is not intended to be, and should not be taken as, a comprehensive taxation summary for an Investor.  Each 
reference in the following taxation summary to a “Note” includes a reference to an “interest in a Note” as 
the context requires. 
The taxation summary is based on the Australian taxation laws in force and the administrative practices of 
the ATO generally accepted as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any of these may change in the future 
without notice and legislation introduced to give effect to announcements may contain provisions that are 
currently not contemplated and may have retroactive effect. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers in relation to their tax position.  Investors who may be 
liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than Australia in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and, if 
so, under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain Australian 
taxation aspects of the Notes.  In particular, Investors should be aware that they may be liable to taxation 
under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments 
may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of Australia. 
Taxation of interest on Notes 
Australian Investors 
Investors who are Australian tax residents, or who are non-residents that hold the Notes in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, will be taxable by assessment in respect of 
any interest income derived in respect of the Notes. Such Investors will generally be required to lodge an 
Australian tax return.  The timing of assessment of the interest (e.g. a cash receipts or accruals basis) will 
depend upon the tax status of the particular Investors, the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes, 
and the potential application of the "Taxation of Financial Arrangements" provisions of the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1997 (Australia). 
If an Investor is an Australian resident (other than one that holds the Notes in carrying on business at or 
through a permanent establishment outside Australia) or a non-resident that holds the Notes in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, no Australian interest withholding tax will 
be payable. 
Tax at the highest marginal income tax rate plus the Medicare levy (in aggregate, currently 49%; scheduled 
to be reduced to 47% from 1 July 2017) may be deducted from payments to an Investor if the Investor does 
not provide an Australian tax file number or an Australian Business Number (the “ABN”) (where 
applicable), or proof of a relevant exemption from quoting such numbers. 
Offshore Investors 
The Australian tax treatment of bail-in-able notes issued by Australian branches of foreign banks has come 
under review. Please refer to the section below entitled ‘Tax treatment of bail-in-able notes’. The following 
commentary assumes that the treatment as outlined in that section will not apply. 
So long as the Issuer continues to be a non-resident of Australia, where the Notes issued by it are not 
attributable to an Australian permanent establishment of the Issuer, payments of principal and interest made 
in respect of the Notes should not be subject to Australian interest withholding tax.  However, interest 
(which for the purposes of withholding tax is defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Income Tax Assessment 
Act 1936 (Australia) to include amounts in the nature of, or in substitution for, interest and certain other 
amounts, including premiums on redemption or, for a Note issued at a discount, the difference between the 
amount repaid and the issue price) on Notes issued by the Issuer out of its Australian branch will be subject 
to Australian interest withholding tax, at a current rate of 10%, where the interest is paid to a non-resident 
Investor and not derived in carrying on business at or through an Australian permanent establishment, or to 
an Australian resident Investor who derived the interest in carrying on business at or through a permanent 
establishment outside Australia (subject to certain exemptions– see below).

--- Page 328 ---
10244042842-v58
- 318 -
47-41044778
 
 
Various exemptions are available from Australian interest withholding tax, including the "public offer" 
exemption, the tax treaty exemption and the superannuation fund exemption (each discussed below). 
Public Offer Exemption 
Pursuant to section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Australia), an exemption from Australian 
interest withholding tax relevantly applies to interest paid where: 
 
at the time the relevant Notes are issued and the interest is paid, the issuer is a company that is a 
non-resident carrying on business at or through an Australian permanent establishment; and 
 
the relevant Notes were issued in a manner which satisfies the "public offer test". 
There are five principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, the purpose of which is to ensure that 
lenders in capital markets are aware that the Issuer is offering those Notes for issue.  In summary, the five 
methods are: 
 
offers to 10 or more unrelated financiers or securities dealers; 
 
offers to 100 or more investors; 
 
offers of listed Notes; 
 
offers via publicly available information sources; and 
 
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell those Notes within 30 days by one of 
the preceding methods. 
Unless otherwise specified in any applicable pricing supplement (or another relevant supplement to this 
Base Prospectus), the Issuer intends to issue Notes out of its Australian branch in a manner which will 
satisfy the requirements of section 128F of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Australia).  Where this is 
not the case, Investors will be notified in the relevant pricing supplement. 
Importantly, the public offer test will not be satisfied if, at the time of issue, the Issuer knew or had 
reasonable grounds to suspect that a Note, or an interest in a Note, was being or would later be acquired 
directly or indirectly by an Offshore Associate of the Issuer, other than in the capacity of a dealer, manager 
or underwriter in relation to the placement of the relevant Notes, or a clearing house, custodian, funds 
manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme. 
The exemption from Australian interest withholding tax will also not apply to interest paid by the Issuer to 
an Offshore Associate of the Issuer if, at the time of the payment, the Issuer knows, or has reasonable 
grounds to suspect, that such person is an Offshore Associate and the Offshore Associate does not receive 
the payment in the capacity of a clearing house, paying agent, custodian, funds manager or responsible 
entity of a registered scheme. 
An Offshore Associate (Offshore Associate) means an “associate” (as defined in section 128F(9) of the 
Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Australia), and which includes, amongst other things, persons under 
common control or influence) of the Issuer that is either: 
 
a non-resident of Australia that does not acquire the Notes or an interest in the Notes in carrying 
on a business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment of the associate in Australia; 
or 
 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes or an interest in the Notes in carrying on a business 
in a country outside Australia at or through a permanent establishment of the associate in that 
country. 
Accordingly, the Notes should not be acquired by any Offshore Associate of the Issuer except in the 
circumstances listed above.

--- Page 329 ---
10244042842-v58
- 319 -
47-41044778
 
 
Double Tax Treaties 
The Australian government has signed a number of double tax treaties ("Specified Treaties") with certain 
countries including the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Finland, the 
Republic of France, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, New Zealand, and Germany (each a Specified 
Country). The Specified Treaties may apply to interest derived by a resident of a Specified Country in 
relation to a Note. 
The Specified Treaties effectively prevent withholding tax applying to interest derived by: 
(a) 
the government of the relevant Specified Country and certain governmental authorities and 
agencies in the Specified Country; and 
(b) 
certain unrelated banks, and financial institutions which substantially derive their profits by 
carrying on a business of raising and providing finance, which are resident in the Specified 
Country and dealing wholly independently with the Issuer (however, back-to-back loans and 
economically equivalent arrangements will not obtain the benefit of the reduction in interest 
withholding tax and the anti-avoidance provisions in the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 
(Australia) can apply), 
by reducing the interest withholding tax rate to zero. Particular tax treaties may have additional 
requirements.  Investors should obtain their own independent tax advice as to whether any of the exemptions 
under the relevant Specified Treaties apply to their particular circumstances. 
All Specified Treaties listed above are currently in effect. 
Exemption for superannuation funds 
An exemption is available in respect of interest paid to a non-resident superannuation fund where that fund 
is a superannuation fund maintained solely for foreign residents and the interest arising from the Notes is 
exempt from income tax in the country in which such superannuation fund is resident. However, this 
exemption may not apply if the fund has either (i) an ownership interest (direct and indirect) of 10% of 
more in the Issuer, or (ii) influence over the Issuer’s key decision making. 
Notes in Bearer Form 
Section 126 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 imposes a type of withholding tax (see below in relation 
to the rate of withholding tax) on the payment of interest on debentures (such as the Notes) in bearer form 
if the issuer fails to disclose the names and addresses of the holders of the debentures to the ATO. 
Section 126 does not, however, apply to the payment of interest on Notes in bearer form held by non-
Australian residents who do not carry on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia 
where the issue of those Notes has satisfied the requirements of section 128F or interest withholding tax is 
payable. 
In addition, the ATO has confirmed that for the purpose of section 126, the holder of debentures in bearer 
form is the person in possession of the debentures.  Section 126 is, therefore, limited in its application to 
persons in possession of Notes in bearer form who are residents of Australia or non-Australian residents 
who are engaged in carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia.  Where 
interests in Notes in bearer form are held through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or another clearing 
system, the Bank intends to treat the relevant operator of the clearing system (or its nominee) as the bearer 
of the Notes for the purposes of section 126.The rate of withholding tax is currently 45%. 
Garnishee 
The Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia may give a direction under section 255 
of the Australian Tax Act or section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 or any 
similar provision requiring the issuer to deduct from any payment to any other party (including any holder 
of Notes) any amount in respect of tax payable by that other party.

--- Page 330 ---
10244042842-v58
- 320 -
47-41044778
 
 
Taxation of gains on disposal or redemption 
Australian Investors 
Investors who are Australian tax residents, or who are non-residents that hold the Notes in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, will be required to include any gain or loss 
on disposal of the Notes in their assessable income. 
The determination of the amount and timing of any gain or loss on disposition or redemption of the Notes 
may be affected by the “Taxation of Financial Arrangements” provisions, which provide for a specialised 
regime for the taxation of financial instruments, and, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than Australian Dollars, the foreign currency rules.  Prospective Investors should obtain their own 
independent tax advice in relation to the determination of any gain or loss on disposal or redemption of the 
Notes. 
Offshore Investors 
An Investor who is a non-resident of Australia and who has never held the Notes in carrying on a business 
at or through a permanent establishment within Australia will not be subject to Australian income tax or 
capital gains tax on gains realised on the sale or redemption of such Notes provided such gains do not have 
an Australian source. A gain arising on the sale of a Note by a non-Australian resident holder to another 
non-Australian resident where the Note is sold outside Australia and all negotiations are conducted and all 
documentation is executed outside Australia should generally not be regarded as having an Australian 
source. 
Special rules can apply to treat a portion of the purchase price of Notes as interest for withholding tax 
purposes where deferred-return Notes (for example, Notes which pay a return that is deferred by more than 
12 months) are sold to an Australian Investor. 
Tax treatment of bail-in-able notes 
The Australian tax treatment of bail-in-able notes issued by Australian branches of foreign banks has come 
under review. The ATO has recently issued industry guidance indicating that its view is that such notes are 
not able to satisfy the requirements to be characterised as debt for Australian tax purposes.  Notwithstanding 
this view, the ATO has indicated that it is currently consulting with the government to obtain clarification 
on the intended policy outcome, with the aim of the government introducing a legislative clarification, 
preserving the debt treatment of such notes.  The ATO is not intending to apply compliance resources to 
disturb the debt treatment of these instruments under Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 until policy 
clarification has been obtained. If the Notes are classified as equity instead of debt, the interest on the Notes 
will be non-deductible to the Australian branch for Australian tax purposes.  In addition, for any Notes 
issued to or held by foreign investors, those investors would lose the benefit of any exemption from 
Australian taxes and may be required to file and pay Australian taxes on interest received on the Notes.  
Notes issued into the Australian market that are attributable to an offshore branch should not be affected. 
Collection powers 
The ATO and other revenue authorities in Australia have wide powers for the collection of unpaid tax debts.  
This can include issuing a notice to an Australian resident requiring a deduction from any payment to an 
Investor in respect of any unpaid tax liabilities of that Investor. 
Stamp duty 
No ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are payable in Australia on the issue, transfer or 
redemption of the Notes. 
Death duties 
The Notes will not be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by Australia or by any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to tax if held at the time of death.

--- Page 331 ---
10244042842-v58
- 321 -
47-41044778
 
 
Goods and Services Tax 
Neither the issue nor receipt of the Notes will give rise to a liability for GST in Australia on the basis that 
the supply of Notes will comprise either an input taxed financial supply or (in the case of an offshore non-
resident subscriber) a GST-free supply. Furthermore, neither the payment of principal or interest on the 
Notes would give rise to a GST liability. 
IRELAND TAXATION 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland in relation to the payments on the Notes 
is based on the taxation law and practice in force at the date of this document. It does not purport to be, 
and is not, a complete description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
subscribe for, buy, hold, sell, redeem or dispose of the Notes. The summary relates only to the position of 
persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and the interest on them. Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, holding, 
selling, redeeming or disposing of Notes and the receipt of interest and distributions (whether or not on a 
winding-up) with respect to such Notes under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to 
taxation. Prospective investors should be aware that the anticipated tax treatment in Ireland summarised 
below may change. 
Irish Withholding Tax on the Notes 
In general, withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. must be deducted from Irish source yearly interest 
payments made by a company. However no withholding for or on account of Irish income tax is required 
to be made from interest payments in respect of the Notes in a number of circumstances. 
Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may be 
Payments of interest in respect of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, will be made without deduction of withholding tax in circumstances where Intesa Sanpaolo, or Intesa 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, does not, in issuing the Notes or making the relevant payments: 
(a) 
operate out of Ireland; or 
(b) 
make the payments through a paying agent located in Ireland. 
Notes issued by INSPIRE having a maturity less than one year 
Payments of interest in respect of Notes issued may be made without deduction or withholding of tax where 
the maturity of the Notes is less than one year. 
Notes issued by INSPIRE having a maturity over one year 
Banking exemption 
The obligation to withhold tax does not apply to interest payments made by a bank such as INSPIRE in the 
ordinary course of a bona fide banking business in Ireland. 
Quoted Eurobond exemption 
Section 64 ("Section 64") of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, as amended (the "Taxes Act") provides 
for the payment of interest on a "quoted Eurobond" without a deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A 
quoted Eurobond is defined in Section 64 as a security which: 
(a) 
is issued by a company; 
(b) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined but is understood to mean an 
exchange which is recognised in the country in which it is established); and 
(c) 
carries a right to interest.

--- Page 332 ---
10244042842-v58
- 322 -
47-41044778
 
 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system within the meaning of section 
246A of the Taxes Act (a "Recognised Clearing System") (Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Monte Titoli S.p.A. have been designated as Recognised Clearing 
Systems); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written 
declaration in the prescribed format to this effect. 
The Revenue Commissioners of Ireland (the "Revenue Commissioners") have confirmed that definitive 
bearer Notes issued in exchange for interests in global Notes held within a Recognised Clearing System 
will continue to be regarded as held within a Recognised Clearing System for the purposes of sub-paragraph 
(b)(i) above. 
Section 246(3)(h) of the Taxes Act 
The obligation to withhold tax does not apply in respect of, inter alia, interest payments made by a company 
such as INSPIRE in the ordinary course of a trade or business carried on by it to a company resident in a 
relevant territory under the laws of that relevant territory provided that either: 
(a) 
that relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that relevant 
territory by companies from sources outside that relevant territory; or 
(b) 
the company is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double tax treaty in effect 
with Ireland or would be so exempted if a double tax treaty signed by Ireland was in effect. 
The interest must not relate to an Irish branch or agency of the recipient. A relevant territory for this purpose 
is a Member State of the European Union, other than Ireland, or not being such a Member State, a territory 
which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland. The jurisdictions with which Ireland has signed a double 
tax treaty are as follows: Albania, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, 
Egypt, Estonia, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana (not yet in effect), Greece, Hong 
Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kenya (not yet in effect), Republic of 
Korea, Kosovo (in effect from 1 January 2023), Kuwait, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, 
Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, 
Pakistan, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, the Slovak 
Republic, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Arab 
Emirates, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, Uzbekistan, Vietnam and Zambia. 
Negotiations have concluded for new treaties with Oman and Uruguay. 
Applicable Double Tax Treaty 
A requirement to operate Irish withholding tax on interest may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms 
of an applicable double tax treaty (see above) in effect. 
Discounts 
The Revenue Commissioners have confirmed that discounts arising on Notes will not be subject to Irish 
withholding tax. 
Dividend Withholding Tax 
In the case of the Notes, where the consideration given by INSPIRE for the use of the principal secured is 
dependent on the results of its business, interest payments made will be deemed to be a distribution as 
prescribed by Section 130 of the Taxes Act. Accordingly, dividend withholding tax may apply.

--- Page 333 ---
10244042842-v58
- 323 -
47-41044778
 
 
Section 172D of the Taxes Act 
This section provides that the Irish law provisions whereby an Irish resident company must withhold tax 
(currently 25 per cent.) when it makes a relevant distribution shall not apply in certain circumstances. 
Provided the requisite declarations in the prescribed format, are in place, the following are included in the 
categories of shareholders exempted from the scope of dividend withholding tax: 
(a) 
a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and is a resident of a country 
which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty with (a "tax treaty country") or is a resident of an 
EU Member State (other than Ireland); 
(b) 
companies which are ultimately controlled by persons who are resident in another EU Member 
State or tax treaty country; 
(c) 
companies not resident in Ireland which are themselves resident in an EU Member State or tax 
treaty country and are not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of Irish residents; and 
(d) 
a company, the principal class of whose shares are substantially and regularly traded on a stock 
exchange, in a tax treaty country or an EU Member State or on such other stock exchange as may 
be approved of by the Minister for Finance. 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax ("DIRT") 
No DIRT will be deductible in respect of Notes which are issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg 
provided that: 
(a) 
Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be, Intesa Luxembourg is not resident in Ireland for corporation 
tax purposes; and 
(b) 
the relevant Notes are recorded in the books of Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be, Intesa 
Luxembourg other than as a liability of a branch of Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be, Intesa 
Luxembourg situate in Ireland. 
A relevant deposit taker (as defined by Section 256 of the Taxes Act) such as INSPIRE is obliged to 
withhold tax (at a rate of 33 per cent.) from certain interest payments or other returns. However there are 
certain exceptions to this as set out below. 
Insofar as the Notes constitute a debt on a security issued by INSPIRE and are listed on a stock exchange, 
DIRT shall not apply. 
Pursuant to section 246A of the Taxes Act, in respect of any Note that is not listed on any stock exchange 
and matures within two years or that is a certificate of deposit, DIRT will not apply where the Note is of 
the requisite denomination outlined in this Document and is held in a Recognised Clearing System. If the 
Note is not held in a Recognised Clearing System but is of the requisite minimum denomination outlined 
in this Document then provided that: 
(a) 
either: 
(i) 
the person by whom the payment is made; or 
(ii) 
the person through whom the payment is made, 
is resident in Ireland or the payment is made by or through an Irish branch or agency through which 
a company that is not resident in Ireland carries on a trade or business; and 
(b) 
 
(i) 
the person who is beneficially entitled to the interest is a resident of Ireland who has 
provided their tax reference number to the payer; or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Note and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form,

--- Page 334 ---
10244042842-v58
- 324 -
47-41044778
 
 
then DIRT will not apply to the interest or returns thereon. 
The Revenue Commissioners agree that DIRT which would otherwise be applicable will not apply to 
interest or other returns paid in respect of unlisted notes (such as the Notes issued by INSPIRE) that do not 
mature within two years, subject to certain specified conditions which are set out in the selling restrictions 
or below. These conditions require that: 
(a) 
as far as primary sales of any Notes issued by INSPIRE are concerned, the dealers as a matter of 
contract undertake to the relevant Issuer that their action in any jurisdiction will comply with then 
applicable laws and regulations and that the dealers will also undertake as a matter of contract to 
the relevant Issuer that they will not knowingly make primary sales (or knowingly offer to do so, 
or distribute any material in that connection in Ireland) to any Irish residents or persons; 
(b) 
the Notes are cleared through a Recognised Clearing System (save that such Notes represented by 
definitive bearer Notes may be taken out of the Recognised Clearing System and cleared outside 
that system, it being acknowledged that definitive bearer Notes may be issued in exchange for 
interests in a Global Note held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Note) and, in the case of Sterling, denomination Global Notes, on demand by 
the holder for as long as this is a requirement); 
(c) 
the minimum denomination in which the Notes issue is made will be €500,000 or its equivalent. 
In addition, DIRT will not apply to interest or other returns on Notes in certain situations including where 
the person that is beneficially entitled to the interest or returns thereon is not resident in Ireland and an 
appropriate declaration as referred to in section 256 of the Taxes Act is made. 
Encashment tax 
Interest on any Note issued: 
(a) 
by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may be, paid by a paying agent in Ireland; 
or 
(b) 
by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, as the case may be, paid to an agent in Ireland on behalf 
of a holder of the relevant Note; or 
(c) 
by INSPIRE that is a quoted Eurobond and is either held in a Recognised Clearing System (see 
above) or where that payment of interest was not paid by or entrusted to any person in Ireland and, 
in each case, was paid to an agent in Ireland acting on behalf of a holder of the relevant Note, 
will generally be subject to an encashment tax at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. This is unless it is proved, 
on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners, that the beneficial owner of the 
relevant Note that is entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and such interest is not deemed, under 
the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be the income of another person resident in Ireland. Separately, an 
exemption will apply where the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled 
to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
Liability of Noteholders to Irish tax 
In general, persons who are resident and domiciled in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-
wide income whereas persons who are not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish 
taxation on their Irish source income. All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax 
on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
Interest earned or discount realised on Notes issued by INSPIRE would be regarded as Irish source income. 
Accordingly, pursuant to general Irish tax rules, such income or discount, as the case may be, would be 
technically liable to Irish income tax (and the universal social charge if received by an individual). Credit 
is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income tax liability. Non-Irish 
tax resident companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch or agency of the company in 
Ireland, are subject to income tax at the standard rate (currently 20 per cent.). Therefore any withholding 
tax suffered should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full liability. However, individuals are liable to tax

--- Page 335 ---
10244042842-v58
- 325 -
47-41044778
 
 
at a higher rate of tax (40 per cent.) plus the universal social charge on taxable income exceeding a certain 
threshold, the level of which depends on their individual circumstances. 
Section 198 of the Taxes Act 
With regard to interest earned on the Notes, Section 198 of the Taxes Act provides an exemption from Irish 
income tax in each of the following circumstances: 
(a) 
where: 
(i) 
the interest is paid by a company in the ordinary course of its trade or business; and 
(ii) 
the recipient of the interest is a company resident in an EU Member State (other than 
Ireland) or in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland provided that 
either: 
(A) 
that relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in 
that relevant territory by companies from sources outside that relevant territory; 
or 
(B) 
the company is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under a double tax 
treaty in effect with Ireland or would be so exempted if a double tax treaty signed 
by Ireland was in effect; and 
(b) 
where: 
(i) 
the provisions of Section 64 of the Taxes Act (quoted Eurobond exemption as described 
above) apply; and 
(ii) 
the recipient is either: 
(A) 
a person who is resident in a member state of the European Union (other than 
Ireland) or in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland; or 
(B) 
a company controlled, either directly or indirectly, by persons resident in a 
member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country which 
has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland and who are not under the control, 
whether directly or indirectly, of a person who is, or persons who are not so 
resident; or 
(C) 
a company, the principal class of whose shares are substantially and regularly 
traded on a stock exchange, in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with 
Ireland or an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or on such other stock 
exchange as may be approved of by the Minister for Finance; and 
(c) 
where: 
(i) 
the provisions of section 246A of the Taxes Act apply; and 
(ii) 
the recipient is either: 
(A) 
a person who is resident in a member state of the European Union (other than 
Ireland) or in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland and who 
are not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of a person who is, or 
persons who are not so resident; or 
(B) 
a company controlled, either directly or indirectly, by persons resident in a 
member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country which 
has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland; or 
(C) 
a company, the principal class of its shares are substantially and regularly traded 
on a stock exchange, in a country which has signed a double tax treaty with

--- Page 336 ---
10244042842-v58
- 326 -
47-41044778
 
 
Ireland or an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or on such other stock 
exchange as may be approved of by the Minister for Finance. 
In addition, with regard to discount arising on the Notes, section 198 of the Taxes Act provides an 
exemption from Irish income tax where the Notes are issued by a company in the ordinary course of its 
trade and the recipient of the discount is a person resident in an EU Member State (other than Ireland) or in 
a country which has signed a double tax treaty with Ireland. 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, residence is determined under the terms of the relevant 
double taxation agreement, if such exists, or in any other case, the law of the country in which the recipient 
claims to be resident. Where the interest is paid to a foreign company carrying on a trade in Ireland through 
a branch or agency or a permanent establishment to which interest paid by INSPIRE is attributable, 
corporation tax is payable on the interest. 
Applicable Double Tax Treaty 
Many of Ireland's double tax treaties (see above) exempt interest from Irish tax when received by a resident 
of the other jurisdiction. Thus, a Noteholder may be entitled to exemption from Irish income tax on interest, 
and in some cases, discounts, under the terms of a double tax treaty in effect between Ireland and the 
jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident. 
Section 153 of the Taxes Act 
As mentioned above, in the case of the Notes, where the consideration given by INSPIRE for the use of the 
principal secured is dependent on the results of its business, interest payments made will be deemed to be 
a distribution as prescribed by Section 130 of the Taxes Act. However, Section 153 of the Taxes Act 
("Section 153") provides exemption from income tax on distributions for certain non-residents. The 
exempted non-residents are: 
(a) 
a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and is a resident of a tax treaty 
country or is a resident of an EU Member State (other than Ireland); 
(b) 
a company which is not resident in Ireland and which is ultimately controlled by persons resident 
in another EU Member State or in a tax treaty country; 
(c) 
a company which is not resident in Ireland and is, by virtue of the law of a tax treaty country or an 
EU Member State, resident for the purposes of tax in that tax treaty country or EU Member State, 
but is not under the control, whether directly or indirectly, of Irish residents; 
(d) 
companies, the principal class of whose shares are substantially and regularly traded on a stock 
exchange, in a tax treaty country or an EU Member State or on such other stock exchange as may 
be approved of by the Minister for Finance; 
(e) 
a parent company in another EU Member State in respect of distributions made to it by its Irish 
resident subsidiary company where withholding tax on such distributions is prohibited under the 
EU Parent-Subsidiaries Directive. 
Section 153 also provides that, if dividend withholding tax (see above) has been applied, and the recipient 
is an individual then no further Irish tax liability should exist. 
Other Circumstances 
If, however, the payments are not exempt and there is no double tax treaty between Ireland and the 
jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident, there is no mechanism by which the Revenue 
Commissioners can collect residual income tax. Therefore, there is a long standing practice (as a 
consequence if the absence of a collection mechanism rather than adopted policy) whereby no action will 
be taken to pursue any liability to such residual Irish income tax in respect of persons who are not resident 
in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch 
in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or

--- Page 337 ---
10244042842-v58
- 327 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from 
Irish sources; or 
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that the Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the case of the holders 
of Notes, and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-
assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an 
assessment. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Provided the Notes are listed on a Stock Exchange, or the Notes do not derive their value, or the greater 
part of their value from certain Irish land or mineral rights, then a Noteholder will not be subject to Irish 
tax on capital gains provided that such Noteholder is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and 
such Noteholder does not have an enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, which carries on business in 
Ireland through a branch or agency, or a permanent establishment, to which or to whom the Notes are 
attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish resident or ordinarily resident disponer 
or if the disponer's successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any of the Notes are regarded 
as property situated in Ireland (that is, in the case of Bearer Notes, if the Notes are physically located in 
Ireland or, in the case of Registered Notes, if the register for the Notes is maintained in Ireland), the 
disponer's successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax. Accordingly, if such Notes are comprised 
in a gift or inheritance, the disponer's successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax, even though 
the disponer may not be domiciled in Ireland. For the purposes of capital acquisitions tax it is important to 
note that a non-domiciled person shall not be treated as resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland except 
where that person has been resident in Ireland for five consecutive years of assessment immediately 
preceding the year of assessment in which the date of the gift or inheritance falls. 
Stamp Duty 
No Irish stamp duty is payable on the issue of the Notes. 
Transfer of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg 
In the case of Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo or Intesa Luxembourg, no Irish stamp duty is chargeable 
provided that the instrument of transfer (if any): 
(a) 
is not executed in Ireland; and 
(b) 
does not relate (wherever executed) to any property situated in Ireland or to any matter or thing to 
be done in Ireland. 
Transfer of Notes issued by INSPIRE 
Irish stamp duty is not chargeable on the transfer by delivery of Notes issued by INSPIRE. In the event of 
written transfer of such Notes no stamp duty is chargeable provided that the Notes: 
(a) 
do not carry a right of conversion into stocks or marketable securities (other than loan capital) of a 
company having a register in Ireland or into loan capital having such a right; 
(b) 
do not carry rights of the same kind as shares in the capital of a company, including rights such as 
voting rights, a share in the profits or a share in the surplus upon liquidation; 
(c) 
are issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of their nominal value (thus certain Notes 
issued at a discount may not qualify for this exemption); and

--- Page 338 ---
10244042842-v58
- 328 -
47-41044778
 
 
(d) 
do not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities) specified in any instrument or other document relating to the Notes. 
Where the above exemptions or another exemption does not apply, the instrument of transfer is liable to 
stamp duty at the rate of one per cent. of the consideration paid in respect of the transfer (or if greater, the 
market value thereof) which must be paid in euro by the transferee (assuming an arm's-length transfer) 
within 30 days of the date on which the transfer instrument is executed, after which interest and penalties 
will apply. 
Automatic Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes 
Council Directive 2011/ 16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by 
Council Directive 2014/ 107/EU) ("DAC2") provides for the implementation among EU Member States 
(and certain third countries that have entered into information exchange agreements) of the automatic 
exchange of information in respect of various categories of income and capital and broadly encompasses 
the regime known as the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") published by the OECD as a new global 
standard for the automatic exchange of information between tax authorities in participating jurisdictions. 
Separately, FATCA is designed to require certain US persons' direct and indirect ownership of certain non-
US accounts and non-US entities to be reported by foreign financial institutions to foreign tax authorities 
who will then provide the information to the US tax authorities. 
CRS is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial 
Institutions Regulations 2015, S.l. 583 of 2015, made under Section 891F of the Taxes Act. 
DAC2 is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the 
Field of Taxation Regulations of 2015, S.I. No. 609 of 2015 made under Section 891G of the Taxes Act. 
FATCA is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the provisions of the Ireland and US Intergovernmental 
Agreement and the Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of America) Regulations of 2014, S.I. 292 
of 2014, made under Section 891E of the Taxes Act. 
Pursuant to these regulations, INSPIRE is required to obtain and report to the Revenue Commissioners 
annually certain financial account and other information for all new and existing accountholders (other than 
Irish accountholders) in respect of Notes issued by INSPIRE (and. in certain circumstances, their 
controlling persons). The returns are required to be submitted by 30 June annually thereafter. The 
information must include amongst other things, details of the name, address, taxpayer identification number 
("TIN"), place of residence, details of controlling persons (in certain circumstances) and in the case of 
accountholders who are individuals, the date and place of birth, together with details relating to payments 
made to accountholders and their holdings. In the case of DAC2 and CRS, this information may be shared 
with tax authorities in other EU Member States (and in certain third countries subject to the terms of 
Information Exchange Agreements entered into with those countries) and jurisdictions which implement 
the CRS. In the case of FATCA, this information may be shared with the US tax authorities. If INSPIRE 
fails to satisfy its FATCA obligations it may, in certain circumstances, be treated as a nonparticipating 
financial institution by the US tax authorities and therefore subject to a 30% withholding tax on its US 
source income. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg and is subject to any change that may 
come into effect after that date, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to 
the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. In addition, any reference to a tax, duty, levy, impost 
or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or

--- Page 339 ---
10244042842-v58
- 329 -
47-41044778
 
 
taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably applies 
to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
A holder of Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Taxation of Intesa Luxembourg 
Intesa Luxembourg is a fully taxable company and any profit realised by Intesa Luxembourg is subject to 
corporate income tax and municipal business tax in Luxembourg. Interest expenses accrued under the Notes 
issued by Intesa Luxembourg should be deductible from its taxable base, to the extent that the interest rate 
is arm's length and the interest are not linked to tax exempt income. 
It should however be noted that under the ATAD I Law, the tax deduction of interest expenses accrued may 
be denied as from fiscal year 2019 if (a) Intesa Luxembourg has exceeding borrowings costs (i.e. tax-
deductible borrowing costs that are in excess of the taxable interest income and other economically 
equivalent taxable income of Intesa Luxembourg) and (b) such exceeding borrowing costs are higher than 
(i) 30% of Intesa Luxembourg's EBITDA and (ii) EUR 3 million. 
Furthermore, the tax deductions of payments made by Intesa Luxembourg may also be denied as from fiscal 
year 2019 if (a) such payments are not included in the taxable base of the ultimate recipient/beneficiary as 
a result of a hybrid mismatch and (b) (i) the ultimate recipient/beneficiary of the payment and Intesa 
Luxembourg are associated enterprises or (ii) the ultimate recipient/beneficiary and Intesa Luxembourg 
have concluded a structured arrangement which entails this hybrid mismatch. While this rule only targets 
hybrid mismatches within the EU until 2019, it has been expanded to (a) non-EU hybrid mismatches and 
(b) more sophisticated hybrid mismatches as from fiscal year 2020, as a result of the transposition of the 
ATAD II. 
Finally, according to the Luxembourg law dated 10 February 2021 and applicable since 1 March 2021, the 
tax deduction of interest due by Intesa Luxembourg may be denied if the following conditions are 
simultaneously met: 
(a) 
The beneficiary of the interest is a collective entity, as defined by Article 159 of the Luxembourg 
income tax law ("LITL"). If the beneficiary of the interest is not the beneficial owner, the actual 
beneficial owner will have to be considered. 
(b) 
The collective entity, which is the beneficial owner of the interest, is an affiliated enterprise of the 
Issuer, within the meaning of Article 56 LITL. 
(c) 
The collective entity, which is the beneficial owner of the interest, is established in a country 
included in the EU list of non-cooperative countries and territories (the "EU blacklist"). Subject 
to subsequent updates, the EU blacklist currently includes the American Samoa, Anguilla, 
Bahamas, Fiji, Guam, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, US 
Virgin Islands and Vanuatu. 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes 
held by non-resident holders of Notes, provided that the interest on the Notes does not depend on the profit 
of the Issuer. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the "Relibi Law") and mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal,

--- Page 340 ---
10244042842-v58
- 330 -
47-41044778
 
 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, provided that the interest on the Notes does not depend on 
the profit of the Issuer. 
However, under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20%. 
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, 
who are the beneficial owners of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the European Union or the European Economic Area may also 
opt for a final 20% levy, providing full discharge of Luxembourg income tax. In such case, the 20% levy 
is calculated on the same amounts as the 20% withholding tax for payments made by Luxembourg resident 
paying agents. The option for the 20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by the paying 
agents to the Luxembourg resident beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the 
declaration and the payment of the 20% final levy is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner 
of the interest or similar income. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of Notes, who has neither a permanent establishment, a permanent representative nor 
a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under 
the Notes. A gain realized by such non-resident holder of Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative or fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realized upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or 
issue discount, as well as any gain realized on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, 
in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment as 
amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007, on specialized investment funds, as amended, or by the law 
of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative funds, as amended, is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in 
respect of interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realized on 
the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Resident individual holders of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under 
the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi 
Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full discharge 
of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
A gain realized by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income

--- Page 341 ---
10244042842-v58
- 331 -
47-41044778
 
 
tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Notes were acquired. However, 
any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income or assimilated thereto (e.g., 
issue discount, redemption premium, etc.) is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been 
levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, as 
well as any gain realized on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes in its taxable basis 
for income tax purposes. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains 
a permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which 
such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of 
Notes is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by 
the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 13 
February 2007 on specialized investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative funds, as amended, or is a securitization company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitization, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles, as amended. 
However, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitization, 
as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as 
amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall 
under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof remain subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
This minimum net wealth tax amounts to €4,815, if the relevant holder of Notes holds assets such as fixed 
financial assets, receivables owed to affiliated companies, transferable securities, postal checking accounts, 
checks and cash, in a proportion that exceeds 90% of its total balance sheet value and if the total balance 
sheet value of these very assets exceeds €350,000. Alternatively, if the relevant holder of Notes holds 90% 
or less of financial assets or if those financial assets do not exceed €350,000, a minimum net wealth tax 
varying between €535 and €32,100 would apply depending on the size of its balance sheet. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other Taxes 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Under present Luxembourg tax law, in the case where a holder of Notes is a resident for tax purposes of 
Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Notes are included in his taxable estate, for inheritance tax 
purposes. In addition, gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes, if the gift is recorded in a 
Luxembourg deed. 
Registration Tax 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the holders of Notes as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these 
taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer or redemption or repurchase of the Notes, except 
if the Notes are either (i) attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory 
registration or (ii) deposited in the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). In such 
cases, as well as in case of a voluntary registration, the Notes will be subject to a fixed €12 duty payable 
by the party registering, or being ordered to register, the Notes. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, 
or the transfer of the Notes. Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees 
invoiced for services rendered to Intesa Luxembourg, if, for Luxembourg value added tax purposes, such

--- Page 342 ---
10244042842-v58
- 332 -
47-41044778
 
 
services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg and an exemption from value added 
tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of such Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that or any other Note. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has developed a new global standard for 
the annual automatic exchange of financial information between tax authorities (the "CRS"). The CRS has 
been implemented into Luxembourg domestic law via the law dated 18 December 2015 concerning the 
automatic exchange of information on financial accounts and tax matters and implementing the EU 
Directive 2014/107/EU. The regulation may impose obligations on Intesa Luxembourg and its holder of 
Notes, if Intesa Luxembourg is actually regarded as a reporting Financial Institution under the CRS, so that 
the latter could be required to conduct due diligence and obtain (among other things) confirmation of tax 
residency (through the issuance of self-certifications forms by the holder of Notes), the tax identification 
number and CRS classification of the holder of Notes in order to fulfil its own legal obligations. 
Prospective investors should contact their own tax advisers regarding the application of CRS to their 
particular circumstances. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, a "participating Member State"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed the formalities required to leave the 
enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive in Luxembourg law 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, the EU Commission published a draft Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive on 28 January 2016, which was formally adopted by the EC Council on 12 July 2016 in Council 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the "ATAD I"). 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD I Law") transposed the ATAD 
I into Luxembourg legislation. The ATAD I Law may have an impact on the tax position of Intesa 
Luxembourg (including on its performance). Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD I Law is an 
interest deductibility limitation rule. The ATAD I Law provides that "exceeding borrowing costs" in excess 
of the higher of (a) €3 million or (b) 30% of an entity's adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation (EBITDA) will not be deductible in the year in which they are incurred but would remain 
available for carry forward. "Exceeding borrowing costs" is a defined term which relates to the amount by

--- Page 343 ---
10244042842-v58
- 333 -
47-41044778
 
 
which the tax-deductible borrowing costs exceed "interest revenues and other equivalent taxable revenues 
from financial assets". 
Furthermore, the Luxembourg law dated 20 December 2019 (the "ATAD II Law") transposed into 
Luxembourg legislation Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 amending the ATAD I as 
regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (the "ATAD II"). The ATAD II extends the scope of the 
ATAD I which applied to situations of double deduction or deduction without inclusion resulting from the 
use of hybrid financial instruments or hybrid entities. The ATAD II requires EU Member States to either 
deny deduction of payments, expenses or losses or include payments as taxable income, in case of hybrid 
mismatches. It includes situations involving permanent establishments, reverse hybrids, imported 
mismatches, hybrid transfers and dual residence. 
The ATAD II Law applies as of 1 January 2020, (provisions on reverse hybrid mismatches apply as of 1 
January 2022). The exact impact of the above mentioned rules on Intesa Luxembourg would need to be 
monitored on a regular basis, notably in the light of any further guidance from the Luxembourg tax 
authorities. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
Intesa Luxembourg may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payment" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. 
Holder of Notes should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
TAXATION IN SINGAPORE 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in 
Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore 
("IRAS") and the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation 
of those laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. These laws, guidelines and circulars are also subject to various interpretations 
and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities or the courts will agree with the 
explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in this Base 
Prospectus are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any holder of the Notes or

--- Page 344 ---
10244042842-v58
- 334 -
47-41044778
 
 
of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the Notes or on any tax implications arising from 
the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Notes. The statements made herein do not purport 
to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes (particularly structured Notes) and do not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant financial 
sector incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax rates. The statements should not be regarded as 
advice on the tax position of any person and should be treated with appropriate caution. The statements 
also do not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to any particular purchaser. 
Noteholders and prospective Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional tax advisers as to 
the Singapore or other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership of or disposal of the Notes, including, 
in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or local tax laws to which they are subject. 
It is emphasised that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Dealer or any other persons involved in the 
Programme accepts responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription for, 
purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
The descriptions below are not intended to apply to any Notes issued by, or issued for the purposes of 
funding, the Singapore Branch of any Issuer 
Interest and Other Payments 
If more than half of any tranche of Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base 
Prospectus but on or before 31 December 2023 are distributed by financial sector incentive (bond market) 
company, a financial sector incentive (standard tier) company and/or a financial sector incentive (capital 
market) company within the meaning of the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore ("ITA"), that tranche of 
Notes ("Relevant Notes") would be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the ITA and, subject to 
certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt securities to the MAS 
in respect of the Relevant Notes within such period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in 
connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require), interest, discount income (not including 
discount income arising from secondary trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost 
(collectively, "Specified Income") from the Relevant Notes derived by any company or body of persons 
(as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is subject to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10 per cent. (except 
for holders of the relevant financial sector incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates). 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any 
of the Relevant Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations 
in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying 
debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such 
Relevant Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent establishment 
in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break 
cost derived from the Relevant Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) 
shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if during the primary launch of the Relevant Notes, the Relevant Notes are issued to fewer than 
four persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes is beneficially held or 
funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the relevant Issuer, such Relevant Notes would 
not qualify as "qualifying debt securities"; and 
(b) 
even though the Relevant Notes are "qualifying debt securities", if, at any time during the tenure 
of such Relevant Notes, 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes is held beneficially 
or funded, directly or indirectly, by any related party(ies) of the relevant Issuer, Specified Income 
derived from such Relevant Notes held by: 
(i) 
any related party of the relevant Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the relevant Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the concessionary rate of tax of 10 per cent. as described above.

--- Page 345 ---
10244042842-v58
- 335 -
47-41044778
 
 
The terms "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" are defined in the ITA as follows: 
"break cost" means any fee payable by the Issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, 
the amount of which is determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in 
connection with such redemption; 
"prepayment fee" means any fee payable by the Issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the 
securities, the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
"redemption premium" means any premium payable by the Issuer of the securities on the redemption of 
the securities upon their maturity. 
The term "related party", in relation to a person ("A"), means any other person who, directly or indirectly, 
controls A, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by A, or where A and that other person, directly or 
indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be taxable in 
Singapore. However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which are gains from any 
trade, business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived from Singapore, 
may be taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Holders of the Notes who apply or are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 ("FRS 
39"), Financial Reporting Standard 109 - Financial Instruments ("FRS 109") or Singapore Financial 
Reporting Standard (International) 9 (Financial Instruments) ("SFRS(I) 9") (as the case may be) may, for 
Singapore income tax purposes, be required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the 
nature of capital) on the Notes, irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 
(as the case may be). Please see the section below on "Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 
Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes". 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
Section 34A of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or are required to adopt FRS 39 for financial reporting 
purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial 
instruments in accordance with FRS 39, subject to certain exceptions provided in that section and certain 
"opt-out" provisions. The IRAS has also issued an e-Tax Guide entitled "Income Tax Implications Arising 
from the Adoption of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement" to provide guidance 
on the Singapore income tax treatment of financial instruments. 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or who are 
required to adopt FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or 
expense for Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 109 
or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be), subject to certain exceptions provided in that section. The IRAS has also 
issued an e-Tax Guide entitled "Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 – 
Financial Instruments (Second Edition)". 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under the FRS 39 tax regime, FRS 109 tax 
regime or the SFRS(I) 9 tax regime should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the 
Singapore income tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February 2008. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").

--- Page 346 ---
10244042842-v58
- 336 -
47-41044778
 
 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
Joint statements issued on 8 December 2015 by participating Member States, except Estonia, indicate an 
intention to implement the FTT by the end of June 2016. On 16 March 2016, Estonia completed the 
formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. On 17 June 2016, the Council of the 
European Union announced that the work on FTT will continue during the second half of 2016. The Council 
of the European Union discussed the state of the dossier in June 2017 and reiterated that further work at the 
Council and its preparatory bodies is still required, before a final agreement on this dossier can be reached. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") 
Transactions in Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital 
adequacy financial instruments are excluded from IFTT, pursuant to Law no. 228/2012 ("Law 228"), 
implemented by Ministry Decree 21 February 2013, as subsequently amended by Ministry Decree 16 
September 2013. IFTT should not apply to Notes which qualify as atypical securities. However, an official 
position of the Italian Tax Authority in this regards is not available.

--- Page 347 ---
10244042842-v58
- 337 -
47-41044778
 
 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS RELATING TO RENMINBI 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, transactions involving cross-border transfer of money are 
divided into current account items and capital account items. Current account items refer to any transaction 
for international receipts and payments involving goods, services, earnings and other frequent transfers. 
Capital account items include cross-border transfers of capital, direct investments, securities investments, 
derivative products and loans. Capital account payments are generally subject to approval of, and/or 
registration or filing with, the relevant PRC authorities. 
Previously, settlement of current account items and capital account items were required to be made in 
foreign currencies. Such settlement regime has experienced progressive reforms in recent years. As a result, 
as of 5 January 2018, PBoC published the Circular on Further Improving the Policy of Renminbi Cross-
border Business to Facilitate Trade and Investment (Yin Fa [2018] No.3) to enable enterprises to pay and/or 
receive Renminbi for any cross-border transaction that can be settled in foreign currencies. 
The relevant regulations are relatively new and will be subject to interpretation and application by the 
relevant PRC authorities. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of current 
account items or capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.

--- Page 348 ---
10244042842-v58
- 338 -
47-41044778
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a dealer agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated, the "Dealer 
Agreement") dated 22 December 2022, agreed with Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to subscribe or procure subscribers for 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Forms of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Dealer Agreement, Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. In the Dealer 
Agreement it is stated that Intesa Sanpaolo may offer and sell the Notes to or through one or more 
underwriters, dealers and agents, including Intesa Sanpaolo, or directly to purchasers. 
United States 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee thereof have been nor will they be registered under the Securities Act 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus,

--- Page 349 ---
10244042842-v58
- 339 -
47-41044778
 
 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the 
legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto, (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be), to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 350 ---
10244042842-v58
- 340 -
47-41044778
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a base prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes issued by Intesa Luxembourg which have a maturity 
of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes issued by Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE or 
Intesa Luxembourg in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and 
regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
"Banking Act");

--- Page 351 ---
10244042842-v58
- 341 -
47-41044778
 
 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
in connection with offers for sale of any Note issued by INSPIRE that is not listed on any stock 
exchange and that does not mature within two years, it will not: 
(i) 
knowingly sell or offer for sale any Notes issued by INSPIRE to any person, including 
any body corporate, resident in Ireland or having its usual place of abode in Ireland (an 
"Irish Person"); 
(ii) 
knowingly issue or distribute, or knowingly cause to be issued or distributed, any 
documentation offering for subscription or sale any Notes issued by INSPIRE, to any Irish 
Person; 
(iii) 
as far as primary sales of any Notes issued by INSPIRE are concerned, its actions in any 
jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws and regulations; 
(iv) 
offer, sell or deliver any such Note to any person in a denomination of less than €500,000, 
or its equivalent in any other currency. In addition, such Notes must be cleared through a 
Recognised Clearing System; 
(b) 
in connection with offers for sale of any Notes issued by INSPIRE that is not listed on any stock 
exchange that matures within two years, it will not offer, sell or deliver any such Note to any person 
in a denomination of less than €500,000 if the relevant Note is denominated in euro, US$500,000 
if denominated in U.S. dollars, or if denominated in a currency other than euro or U.S. dollars, the 
equivalent of €500,000 at the date the Programme is first publicised. In addition, such Notes must 
be cleared through a Recognised Clearing System; and 
(c) 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes or the Programme, it has complied and 
will comply with: 
(i) 
all applicable provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Information) 
Regulations 2017 (the "MiFID Regulations"), if operating in or otherwise involving 
Ireland, and of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (together, "MiFID"); 
(ii) 
if acting under the terms of an authorisation for the purposes of MiFID, the terms of that 
authorisation and any applicable codes of conduct or practice and any applicable 
requirements of the MiFID Regulations or as imposed, or deemed to have been imposed, 
by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to the MiFID Regulations or the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2018; 
(iii) 
if acting under the terms of an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervisions of credit institutions and 
investment firms, the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018, any codes of conduct or practice 
made under section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989, any applicable requirements of 
the MiFID Regulations, any applicable requirements imposed, or deemed to have been 
imposed, by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to the MiFID Regulations or the Central 
Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 and, where applicable, any applicable requirements imposed by 
the European Central Bank pursuant to European Union legislation; and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any

--- Page 352 ---
10244042842-v58
- 342 -
47-41044778
 
 
Irish market abuse law, as defined in those Regulations or the Companies Act 2014, and 
any rules made and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection 
therewith. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union 
legislation) shall be deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to 
time be amended, supplemented or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing 
measures, delegated acts and guidance in respect thereof. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than (1) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (2) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region and Taiwan Region). The Base Prospectus or any information contained or 
incorporated by reference therein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any securities in the PRC. The Base Prospectus, any information contained therein or the Notes have not 
been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or registered with any relevant governmental 
authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with 
any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for informing themselves about and 
observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant governmental approvals, verifications, 
licences or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, but not limited 
to, the People's Bank of China, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, and other relevant 
regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any 
relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than

--- Page 353 ---
10244042842-v58
- 343 -
47-41044778
 
 
(a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of France and it has not distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, 
sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment 
services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, (personnes fournissant le service 
d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) the Prospectus Regulation in accordance with Articles L. 
341-2, 1° and L.411-2, 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Luxembourg 
Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as securities and money market instruments in 
accordance with article 17(1) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law may not be offered or sold to the public 
within the territory of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") unless: (i) a simplified prospectus 
(prospectus allégé) has been duly approved by the CSSF pursuant to part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus

--- Page 354 ---
10244042842-v58
- 344 -
47-41044778
 
 
Law; or (ii) the offer benefits from an exemption to or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the 
requirement to publish a simplified prospectus under part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law and any 
additional requirements under part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law are complied with. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
“Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission (the “ASIC”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that in 
connection with the distribution of the Notes it: 
(a) 
will not make (directly or indirectly) any offer or invitation in Australia or any offer or invitation 
which is received in Australia in relation to the issue, sale or purchase of any Notes; and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
advertisement, disclosure document or other offering material relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 for the Notes 
or its foreign currency equivalent (in either case disregarding moneys, if any, lent by the Issuers or any 
other person offering the Notes or its associates (within the meaning of those expressions in Part 6D.2 of 
the Corporations Act)), or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in 
accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act, (ii) the offer or invitation is not made to a 
person who is a retail client (as defined in section 761G or 761GA of the Corporations Act), (iii) such action 
complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and (iv) such action does not require any 
document to be lodged or registered with ASIC. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or delivers and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor (where applicable), the 
Trustee and the other Dealers shall have any responsibility thereof. 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the Final Terms, no action has 
been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession 
or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the relevant Issuer and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor. Any such supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 355 ---
10244042842-v58
- 345 -
47-41044778
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Approval and Admission to trading of the Notes to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. Application has been made for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. The CSSF may at the request of the Issuers, send to the 
competent authority of another European Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
and (ii) an Attestation Certificate. At the date hereof, the Issuers have requested the CSSF to send an 
Attestation Certificate and copy of this Base Prospectus to the Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity as 
competent authority in Ireland. 
Authorisations 
The establishment and update of the programme and the increases in the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme were authorised by resolutions of the Boards of 
Directors of Banca Intesa S.p.A passed on 19 March 2001, 24 June 2003, 26 April 2005 and 6 March 2006 
and of the Management Board of Intesa Sanpaolo passed on 18 June 2007, 28 October 2008, 6 September 
2011, 15 January 2013 and 27 March 2014. The addition of INSPIRE as an Issuer under the Programme 
was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of INSPIRE passed on 15 February 2007. The 
addition of Intesa Luxembourg as an Issuer under the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Intesa Luxembourg passed on 19 October 2011. Each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE 
and Intesa Luxembourg has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving of the guarantee 
relating to them. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuers and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on pages 230 to 253 none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any member of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative 
proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial position 
or profitability and, so far as Intesa Sanpaolo or, as the case may be or INSPIRE (where INSPIRE is the 
Issuer) or, as the case may be, Intesa Luxembourg (where Intesa Luxembourg is the Issuer), is aware, no 
such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Independent Auditors 
For the period from 2012 until 2020 the independent auditors of Intesa Sanpaolo were KPMG S.p.A. KPMG 
S.p.A. have audited Intesa Sanpaolo's consolidated annual financial statements, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) promulgated pursuant to article 11.3 of Legislative decree 
no. 39/10, as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditors, and is included in the register of 
certified auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) at the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative decree no. 39/10 and established by Ministerial Decree no. 145 of 2012. 
For the period from 2012 until 2020 the auditors of INSPIRE were KPMG Chartered Accountants, who are 
registered auditors with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland and have audited the annual 
financial statements of INSPIRE incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 356 ---
10244042842-v58
- 346 -
47-41044778
 
 
For the period from 2012 until 2020 the approved statutory auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) of Intesa 
Luxembourg were KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative, Cabinet de révision agréé, who are members 
of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises and have audited the annual financial statements of Intesa 
Luxembourg and the consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg, in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards in Luxembourg as at and for the years ended 31 December, 2019 and 
2020. 
On 30 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo appointed EY S.p.A. as 
independent auditors for the financial years 2021-2029. EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting firm 
registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by 
the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 
and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is also a member of the ASSIREVI – 
Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The business address 
of Ernst & Young S.p.A. is Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. EY S.p.A. audited, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), the consolidated financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, as stated in the English translation of their audit 
report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Further, EY S.p.A. reviewed, in accordance with 
CONSOB Regulation No.10867 of 31 July 1997, the 2022 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, as 
stated in the English translation of their review report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member 
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. The business address of Ernst & Young Chartered 
Accountants is Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, DO2 YA40. Ernst & Young Chartered 
Accountants audited, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland), the financial 
statements of INSPIRE as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, as stated in their audit report 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member of the 
Luxembourg Institute of Registered Auditors (Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) qualifying as cabinet de 
révision agréé. The business address of Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme is 35e, John F. Kennedy Avenue, 
1855 Luxembourg. Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme audited, in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Luxembourg, the financial stratements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, as stated in their audit report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Trend information / No Material Change 
Since (i) 31 December 2021 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuers, (ii) 
30 September 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group and (iii) 30 September 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Since 30 September 2022 (in the case of Intesa Sanpaolo), 30 June 2022 (in the case of INSPIRE) or since 
31 December 2021 (in the case of Intesa Luxembourg), there has been no significant change in the financial 
position of the Issuers, respectively. 
Material contracts 
None of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE, Intesa Luxembourg and Intesa Sanpaolo's other subsidiaries has 
entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or 
may reasonably be expected to be material to the Issuers' ability to meet their obligations to Noteholders. 
Documents available for inspection 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein in 
electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains valid with the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, the following documents 
(translated into English, where applicable) may be obtained by the public during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and the Listing Agent in Luxembourg and at the registered 
offices of the Issuers, namely:

--- Page 357 ---
10244042842-v58
- 347 -
47-41044778
 
 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements to this Base Prospectus (together with any prospectuses 
published in connection with any future updates in respect of the Base Prospectus) and any other 
information incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(b) 
a certified copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes; 
(e) 
the Trust Deed (incorporating a form of the Deed of Guarantee by Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of 
payment of amounts due in relation to Notes issued by INSPIRE or Intesa Luxembourg, and any 
further issuer that may be appointed from time to time under the Programme); 
(f) 
the Operating & Administrative Procedures Memorandum; 
(g) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuers and 
the Listing Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(h) 
any Deed of Guarantee relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that a Deed 
of Guarantee relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuers and the Listing Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(i) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme; 
 
(j) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on each such 
framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or on behalf of 
Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Climate 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time published by Intesa Sanpaolo, 
will be available in the investor relations section on the website of Intesa Sanpaolo. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second 
party opinion or public reporting are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to syndicated issuances of Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (https://www.bourse.lu), and at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/mtn 
Copies of the constitutive documents of each of Intesa Sanpaolo, INSPIRE and Intesa Luxembourg are 
available at the following website: 
Intesa Sanpaolo:  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents/2022  
INSPIRE: 
 
http://www.intesasanpaolobankireland.ie/about/ 
Intesa Luxembourg: 
https://www.intesasanpaolobankluxembourg.lu/en/chi-siamo/ 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee in relation to syndicated issuances of Notes issued by INSPIRE and Intesa 
Luxembourg which are Guaranteed Notes are available at the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/investor-relations/prospectus/international-issue-documents/mtn

--- Page 358 ---
10244042842-v58
- 348 -
47-41044778
 
 
The information on the abovementioned websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
information contained therein is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Financial statements available 
In addition to the availability of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in 
electronic form as set out above, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A., at 28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer, L-1821 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg and at the registered offices of the Issuers and the Guarantor: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021; 
(c) 
the audited annual financial statements of INSPIRE as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2021; 
(d) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021; 
(e) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Intesa Luxembourg as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021; 
(f) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa Sanpaolo 
published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its unaudited 
consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022; 
(g) 
the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of Intesa Sanpaolo 
published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its unaudited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022; and 
(h) 
the most recent annual or interim financial information of INSPIRE published from time to time 
(whether audited or unaudited), commencing with its unaudited half-yearly financial statements as 
at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
in each case, together with the accompanying notes and any auditors' report. 
INSPIRE does not currently publish any consolidated financial information. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from EY S.p.A. (the 
"Auditors") whether or not any such certificate or report or engagement letter or other document entered 
into by the Trustee and the Auditors in connection therewith contains any limit on liability (monetary or 
otherwise) of the Auditors. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying 
issues of Notes constituting derivative securities except to the extent required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and the ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 359 ---
10244042842-v58
- 349 -
47-41044778
 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
LEI Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") Code of Intesa Sanpaolo is 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08, the LEI 
Code of Intesa Luxembourg is 549300H62SNDRT0PS319, and the LEI Code of INSPIRE is 
635400PSMCTBZD9XNS47. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing Intesa Sanpaolo's financial reports 
The officer responsible for preparing the company's financial reports, Fabrizio Dabbene, declares, pursuant 
to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance (Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time) that the accounting information contained 
in this Base Prospectus corresponds to Intesa Sanpaolo's documentary results, books and accounting 
records. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuers or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of long and/or short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such long and/or 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Moreover Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. will be acting as Issuer and Dealer in the context of the Programme.

--- Page 360 ---
10244042842-v58
- 350 -
47-41044778
 
 
ANNEX 1 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
The Issuers can issue Notes which are linked to an Inflation index pursuant to the Programme, where the 
underlying index is either (i) the CPI (the "CPI Linked Notes"), (ii) the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (all 
items) published by the Office of National Statistics ("RPI Linked Notes") or (iii) the Non-revised index 
of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco published by Eurostat (HICP) ("HICP Linked Notes"). The following information 
provides an explanation to prospective investors about how the value of the Inflation-Linked Notes is 
affected by the value of the underlying index. 
"CPI" or "ITL" – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Excluding Tobacco 
"Consumer Price Index Unrevised" means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo 
per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT – 
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the "Index Sponsor") which 
appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or 
such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level 
of such index), provided that for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final 
Redemption Amount, the first publication or announcement of a level of the Index (excluding estimates) 
by the Index Sponsor for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of the level for 
such month will not be used in any calculations. 
UK Retail Price Index 
The U.K. Retail Prices Index (the "RPI") is the most familiar general purpose domestic measure of inflation 
in the UK. The RPI has been used as a measure of inflation since 1947 and measures the average change 
from month to month in the prices of goods and services purchased by most households in the UK. The 
spending pattern on which the RPI is based is revised each year, mainly using information from official 
expenditure and food surveys. 
RPI is compiled by the UK Office of National Statistics (the "ONS") using a large and representative 
selection of approximately 650 separate goods and services for which price movements are regularly 
measured in approximately 150 areas throughout the UK. Approximately 120,000 separate price quotations 
are used each month in compiling the RPI. The UK Government uses the RPI for its own existing inflation-
linked Notes. If prices rise compared to the previous month, the RPI goes up and if prices fall compared to 
the previous month, the RPI goes down. It takes a couple of weeks for the ONS to compile the index, so 
they publish each month's RPI figure during the following month, i.e. the figure relating to February will 
be published in March. The RPI figures used in the calculation of interest payments on the RPI Linked 
Notes and the amount due to be repaid on the RPI Linked Notes at redemption are numerical representations 
of where prices on a list of items bought by an average family stand at a point in time, in relation to their 
past values. 
More information on the RPI, including past and current levels, can be found at www.statistics.gov.uk. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series Non 
Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and 
published by EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical 
methods (the "HICP") is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the prices 
of consumer goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht Treaty, 
the HICPs have been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price stability by 
the European Central Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States' individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco ("Individual HICP"). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its 
consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for the 
Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country's weight in 
the HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country's final household consumption constitutes

--- Page 361 ---
10244042842-v58
- 351 -
47-41044778
 
 
within that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are re-
estimated every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are the 
same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to compare 
inflation among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the quality and 
comparability of the various countries' indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. 
This also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new 
entrant is integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that 
year. The new Member State's weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat's internet site, according to a pre-determined official timetable. 
Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision is made, it is 
published with the HICP of the following month. 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. 
This procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a 
new consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the 
definition of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 
2006, the index reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference 
period, too, the weights for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More information on the HICP, including past and current levels, can be found at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/hicp

--- Page 362 ---
10244042842-v58
47-41044778
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF INTESA SANPAOLO 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156 
10121 Turin 
Italy 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. acting through its Sydney Branch 
Suite 2, Level 62, MLC Centre 
19 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF INSPIRE 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Ireland p.l.c. 
2nd Floor 
International House 
3 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 K8F1 
Ireland 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF INTESA LUXEMBOURG 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer 
L-1821 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe) 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom

--- Page 363 ---
10244042842-v58
47-41044778
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eight Floor,  
100 Bishopsgate,  
London, EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156 
10121 Turin 
Italy 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 364 ---
10244042842-v58
47-41044778
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
as to English and Italian Law 
Allen & Overy
Allen & Overy
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
as to Australian Law 
Allen & Overy 
Level 25, 85 Castlereagh Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
as to Irish Law
McCann FitzGerald LLP
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGERS AND THE DEALERS 
as to English Law and Italian Law
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
as to Luxembourg Law
Clifford Chance 
10, Boulevard G.D. Charlotte 
B.P. 1147 
1011 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 AND 31 DECEMBER 2020 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy  
KPMG Chartered Accountants  
1 Harbourmaster Place 
International Financial Services Centre 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative 
39, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 365 ---
10244042842-v58
47-41044778
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR FROM 1 
JANUARY 2021 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants 
Harcourt Centre 
Harcourt Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2 YA40 
Ireland 
Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme 
35e, John F. Kennedy Avenue 
1855 Luxembourg 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
28, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer 
L-1821 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg