--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES PROGRAMME  
IMI CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
Under the terms of its Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking (the 
"Programme"), Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. ("Intesa Sanpaolo" or the "Issuer" or the "Bank" or the "Parent Company") 
may from time to time issue warrants or covered warrants (respectively, "Warrants" and "Covered Warrants", and 
together, save as otherwise specified in this Programme, "Warrants") or certificates ("Certificates" and, together 
with the Warrants, "Securities"). Depending on the type of financial asset used as Underlying(s), the Securities may 
be Index Securities, Share Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Fund Securities, Govies 
Securities, Interest Rate Securities, Commodity Securities or Combined Securities (each as defined below). If so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Certificates under the Programme described as "green" 
("Green Certificates"), "climate" ("Climate Certificates"), "social" ("Social Certificates"), "sustainability" 
("Sustainability Certificates"). 
Each issue of Securities will be made on the terms set out herein which are relevant to such Securities under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities" (the "Conditions") and in the form of the relevant final terms document (the "Final 
Terms"). Securities may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Securities") or registered form ("Registered Securities"). 
Securities may also be issued in bearer, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Italian law, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the 
relevant Italian central securities depository ("Italian Dematerialised Securities"). 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of Ireland") in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") to approve this document as a base prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus; investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. The Central Bank of Ireland gives 
no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued under the Programme to be (i) listed on the 
official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List of Euronext Dublin") and (ii) admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated Market") and the multilateral trading facilities Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the "GEM"). The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the "MiFID II"). The GEM is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
Where Securities are to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the GEM, this 
document constitutes a base listing particulars (the "Base Listing Particulars") and, with respect to such Securities, a 
reference to the Base Prospectus in this document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Base Listing Particulars 
where the context requires. The Base Prospectus has been approved as such by Euronext Dublin. Issuers on GEM, 
which is a multilateral trading facility, are not subject to the same rules as issuers on a regulated market. The risk in 
investing in debt securities on GEM may therefore be higher than investing in debt securities listed on a regulated 
market. Investors should take this into account when making investment decisions. The Central Bank of Ireland has 
neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus concerning the Securities admitted to trading 
on the GEM.

--- Page 2 ---
2
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such further or 
other stock exchanges or markets as the Issuer may determine. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not 
Securities are to be listed on Euronext Dublin and/or any other stock exchange(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Securities and/or Securities not admitted to trading on any market. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities 
and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Securities involve a high degree of 
risk, including the risk of their expiring worthless. Potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all 
or part of the purchase price of their Securities. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that 
they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, 
accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and are not 
relying on the advice of the Issuer or, if relevant, any Manager in that regard. See Section "Risk Factors". The 
language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
IMPORTANT – RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor either in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") or in one or more specified jurisdictions in the EEA, and/or in one or more specified 
jurisdictions outside the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(iv) a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of the specified 
jurisdiction outside the EEA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA and/or in the specified jurisdiction(s) only has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in the specified 
jurisdiction(s) only may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to one or more 
underlyings that may constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "Benchmark Regulation" or "BMR"). If any such underlying does 
constitute such a benchmark the applicable final terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every underlying will fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, pursuant to article 51 of the BMR, transitional provisions in the 
Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable final terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the applicable final terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Securities and, in case of Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities and Govies 
Securities) the Deliverable Asset (as defined herein) to be delivered upon the exercise of such Securities, have not 
been, and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any 
securities authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and trading in the Securities has not been approved 
by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 
1936, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"). The Securities and the Deliverable Asset may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to a U.S. person unless such 
offer or sale has been registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Securities and the Deliverable Asset are being offered and sold outside the U.S. to persons that are not U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act) in reliance on Regulation S. No 
Securities of any series, or interests therein, or Deliverable Asset may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, 
pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, any U.S. person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or

--- Page 3 ---
3 
delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will 
not be recognised. The Securities and the Deliverable Asset may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by 
any U.S. person. For a description of certain further restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Offering and Sale" below.  
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any State 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor has any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of Securities or the accuracy or the adequacy of this 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval (i.e. 6 March 2026). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 March 2025.

--- Page 4 ---
4
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with an offer of Securities are the Issuer, the persons named in the 
applicable Final Terms as the relevant Manager(s) and the persons named in or identifiable 
following the applicable Final Terms as the Authorised Offerors, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Securities, should be read and 
construed together with the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
A description of the Final Terms is set out herein at Section "Form of Final Terms" and will 
specify with respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, inter alia, the specific designation 
of the Securities, the aggregate number and type of the Securities, the date of issue of the 
Securities, the issue price, the credit event of the specified entity or entities to which the 
Certificates relate, certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of the Securities including 
whether they bear remuneration and the exercise date. 
The applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) contain information relating to the underlying 
asset, index or other item(s) (each an Underlying) to which the Securities relate and which is 
contained in such Final Terms. However, unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, any information contained therein relating to an Underlying will only consist of extracts 
from, or summaries of, information contained in financial and other information released 
publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying. The Issuer will, 
unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, confirm that such extracts or 
summaries have been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such 
Underlying, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced inaccurate or 
misleading, but the Issuer does not accept any further or other responsibility in respect of such 
information. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, each issue of Securities will entitle the holder thereof 
to receive from the Issuer the Cash Settlement Amount (if positive), or in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities, the Entitlement to be delivered upon the exercise of such Securities, 
calculated in accordance with the Conditions on such terms as are set out in the Conditions, all as 
set forth in the Conditions. 
To purchase any Security or, upon exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in order to receive the 
relevant Entitlement, each Securityholder will be required to certify (in accordance with the 
provisions outlined in "Offering and Sale" below) that it is not a U.S. person or a person who has 
purchased such Security or received such Entitlement for resale to, or for the account or benefit

--- Page 5 ---
5 
of, U.S. persons and that it is not receiving such Security or exercising a Physical Delivery 
Security on behalf, or for the account or benefit, of a U.S. person. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and, in respect of 
Securities which are not Italian Dematerialised Securities, also from the specified offices set out 
below of the Security Agents (as defined below). 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or in the Final Terms 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any other manager of an issue of Securities (each a Manager). 
No Manager has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by any Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Securities should purchase any Securities. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Securities 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Securities constitutes 
an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Securities shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date indicated in the document containing the same or that there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Securities. 
Warrants create options which are exercisable by the relevant holder and/or will be 
automatically exercised as provided herein. There is no obligation on the Issuer to pay any 
amount to any holder of a Warrant or to deliver any asset to any holder of a Warrant unless the 
relevant holder duly exercises such Warrant or such Securities are automatically exercised and, 
in certain circumstances, an Exercise Notice is duly delivered. Securities will be exercised or 
exercisable in the manner set forth herein and in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") and

--- Page 6 ---
6
the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Securities may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the 
applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Securities or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities or Deliverable Asset may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of the Securities or the Deliverable Asset in the United States or its possession 
and the European Economic Area (including Ireland, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, 
Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia and Slovenia) (see "Offering and Sale"). 
The Securities of each issue may be sold by the Issuer and/or any Manager at such time and at 
such prices as the Issuer and/or the Manager(s) may select. There is no obligation upon the Issuer 
or any Manager to sell all of the Securities of any issue. The Securities of any issue may be offered 
or sold from time to time in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise 
at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) 
below may apply, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
(each, a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly 
any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of Securities 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a 
prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State and (in either case) published, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State, such offer is made in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such 
offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any 
Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in

--- Page 7 ---
7 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Securities, the person or persons (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant 
Securities is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Securities and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION 
CONTAINED OR REFERRED TO IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT INTENDED TO BE 
RELIED UPON BY PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING 
PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THEM UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE; AND (B) PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THEIR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER. 
All references to "USD", "U.S.$", "$", "US Dollars", "US dollars" and "U.S. dollars" are to 
United States dollars and references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the surviving entity from the merger between Banca Intesa S.p.A. and Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A., which was completed with effect from 1 January 2007. Pursuant to the merger, Sanpaolo IMI 
S.p.A. merged by incorporation into Banca Intesa S.p.A. which, upon completion of the merger, 
changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. Accordingly, in this Base Prospectus: 
- 
references to "Intesa Sanpaolo" are to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. in respect of the period since 1 
January 2007 and references to the "Intesa Sanpaolo Group" are to Intesa Sanpaolo and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period; 
- 
references to "Banca Intesa" or "Intesa" are to Banca Intesa S.p.A. in respect of the period 
prior to 1 January 2007 and references to the "Banca Intesa Group" are to Banca Intesa and 
its subsidiaries in respect of the same period; and 
- 
references to "Sanpaolo IMI" are to Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. in respect of the period prior to 1 
January 2007 and references to "Sanpaolo IMI Group" are to Sanpaolo IMI and its 
subsidiaries in respect of the same period. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 8 ---
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 17 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ........................................................................ 71 
1. Type, Title and Transfer .................................................................................................................... 73 
2. Status of the Securities ........................................................................................................................ 77 
3. Definitions ............................................................................................................................................ 78 
4. Physical Delivery provisions ............................................................................................................ 176 
5. Illegality and force majeure ............................................................................................................. 178 
6. Hedging Disruption ........................................................................................................................... 179 
7. Purchases and Cancellation ............................................................................................................. 180 
8. Agents, Determinations, Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications ................................... 180 
9. Notices ................................................................................................................................................ 182 
10. Expenses and Taxation ..................................................................................................................... 183 
11. Further Issues .................................................................................................................................... 183 
12. Substitution of the Issuer .................................................................................................................. 183 
13. Governing Law and Jurisdiction ..................................................................................................... 184 
14. Prescription ....................................................................................................................................... 185 
15. Market Disruption Events and Adjustment Events ....................................................................... 185 
16. Adjustments for European Monetary Union .................................................................................. 221 
17. Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power .............................................................................. 223 
18. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ................................................................................. 223 
19. Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants) .................................................... 223 
20. Minimum and maximum amount of Warrants Exercisable (only applicable to Warrants) ...... 230 
21. Exercise rights and procedure (only applicable to Certificates) ................................................... 231 
22. Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement (only applicable if Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) ............... 235 
23. Pay-out provisions ............................................................................................................................. 238 
24. Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant Leverage 
Certificates ......................................................................................................................................... 294 
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES - .................................... 296 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 300 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 302 
OFFERING AND SALE........................................................................................................................ 384 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 391 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 430 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES ............................. 478 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 485

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the programme does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Securities, the applicable Final Terms. The 
Issuer may determine that Securities shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the 
Terms and Conditions, in which case, in relation to listed Securities only and if appropriate, a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published.  
This Section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the “Prospectus Commission Delegated 
Regulation”) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and in the remainder of 
this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Description: 
Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Offering and Sale"). 
Principal Security Agent, 
Registrar and Irish Listing 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer or such other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Currencies: 
Euro, U.S. dollars or any other currency or currencies selected 
by the Issuer or any Manager, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. The Issuer may issue Securities in respect of 
which the Cash Settlement Amount and/or Early Redemption 
Amounts and/or Remuneration Amounts may be payable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in one or more 
currencies (Settlement Currency as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which may be different from the 
currency in which the Issue Price was denominated (Issue 
Currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (Dual 
Currency Securities). 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at such price as shall be 
determined by the Issuer or any Manager appointed in respect 
of the issue subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. The Issue 
Price will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
applicable Final Terms provide for the Reduced Initial Listing 
Price, the Issue Price will be considered in order to calculate 
the Multiplier.

--- Page 10 ---
10
Offer Price: 
Certificates may be offered in the context of an offer other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a 
"Non-exempt Offer") or in circumstances where there is an 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus (an "Exempt Offer" and, 
together with the Non-Exempt Offer, the "Offers"), at such 
price (the "Offer Price") that may be equal to the Issue Price, 
or such other price as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in case of Offers in the primary market, or that will be equal 
to the market price of the Securities applicable from time to 
time, in case of Offers in the secondary market. 
Reduced Initial Listing Price: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the initial price at 
which the Securities will be traded on the market will be 
determined on the basis of the Reduced Initial Listing Price. 
The Reduced Initial Listing Price may be different from the 
initial trading price of the Securities and will be lower than 
the Issue Price. The Reduced Initial Listing Price will be 
applicable only in relation to Securities to be admitted to 
listing and/or trading without prior offer.  
Purchase Price: 
The Digital Certificates may be subscribed by the investor in 
an Exempt Offer at the Purchase Price, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Purchase Price will be lower than 
the Issue Price.  
Premium: 
Warrants may be issued at such price (premium) as shall be 
determined by the Issuer or any Manager appointed in respect 
of the issue subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. The 
Premium will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Securities: 
Bearer Securities 
Each issue of Bearer Securities will, on issue, be represented 
by either a Temporary Global Security or a Permanent Global 
Security as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable either, in 
accordance with its terms, for a Permanent Global Security or 
for Definitive Securities. The Permanent Global Security will 
be exchangeable in limited circumstances for Definitive 
Securities. Each Temporary Global Security and each 
Permanent Global Security will be held by a common 
depository on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Registered Securities 
Registered Securities will be represented by definitive 
registered certificates registered in the name of the beneficial 
owner thereof ("Registered Securities") and/or a registered 
certificate in global form (a "Global Registered Security") 
which will be registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in any clearing system specified in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument. Definitive Exchangeable 
Bearer Securities will be exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Securities only if and to the extent so specified in 
the relevant Final terms. Registered Securities will not be

--- Page 11 ---
11 
exchangeable for Bearer Securities or an interest therein. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be issued in bearer (al 
portatore), uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form 
into Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal 
place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, 
or any successor clearing system thereto) ("Monte Titoli") 
pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended 
and implemented and subsequent implementing provisions 
("Italian Dematerialised Securities"). Italian Dematerialised 
Securities will not be issued in definitive form. However, the 
holder still has the right to obtain the release of the certificate 
pursuant to articles 83-quinquies and 83-novies, paragraph 1, 
letter b), of the Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as 
amended and integrated by subsequent implementing 
provisions. 
Type of Securities: 
The Issuer may issue Warrants or Certificates (together, 
Securities) including Index Securities, Share Securities, 
Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Fund 
Securities, Interest Rate Securities, Commodity Securities, 
Govies Securities and Combined Securities, as specified 
below. 
Remuneration Amount(s) may be payable in respect of 
Securities, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Warrants may be European Style Warrants or American Style 
Warrants. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) 
or, in relation to Share Securities and Govies Securities only, 
physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities).  
The method of settlement will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In relation to Certificates only, the applicable Final Terms 
may also specify that such Certificates are either cash settled 
of physically settled depending upon the occurrence or not of 
one of the following events (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms):  
- 
Barrier Event; 
- 
Barrier Gap Event; 
- 
Buffer Event; 
- 
Consolidation Floor Event; 
- 
One Star Event; 
- 
Restrike Event; 
- 
Settlement Event; 
- 
Switch Event. 
Settlement of Italian Dematerialised Securities shall be by 
way of cash payment only. 
How the value of the investment 
The Cash Settlement Amount, the Entitlement, the Early

--- Page 12 ---
12
in the Securities is affected by the 
value of the underlying assets: 
Redemption Amount (if any) and any Remuneration Amount 
(if any) due under the Securities may be affected by the value 
of the Underlying or the Underlyings specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will depend on the type of 
Securities issued, as specified in Condition 23 “Pay-out 
provisions”. 
Index Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Index Securities will be calculated by reference to one or 
more indexes or basket of indices or one or more baskets of 
baskets of indices, provided that any of such indexes will not 
be composed by the Issuer or by any legal entity belonging to 
the same group. 
Share Securities (including 
GDRs/ADRs Securities): 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Share Securities will be calculated by reference to one or 
more shares or basket of shares or one or more baskets of 
baskets of shares or to one or more GDRs/ADRs or baskets of 
GDRs/ADRs or one or more baskets of baskets of 
GDRs/ADRs. 
In case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Deliverable Asset 
will be a specified amount of shares of one or more 
companies or an amount of GDRs/ADRs of one or more 
issuers of GDRs/ADRs, as applicable, subject to payment of 
the Expenses and any other sums payable. 
The Share used as Underlying will not: 
− 
issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging to the 
group of the Issuer, and / or 
− 
be converted or exchanged into shares or other 
transferable securities equivalent to shares issued by 
the Issuer or by an entity belonging to the group of 
that Issuer.  
Exchange Rate Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Exchange Rate Securities will be calculated by reference to 
one or more exchange rates or basket of exchange rates or one 
or more baskets of baskets of exchange rates. 
Futures Contract Securities:  
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Futures Contract Securities will be calculated by reference to 
one or more future contracts or a basket of future contracts or 
one or more baskets of baskets of future contracts. 
Interest Rate Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Interest Rate Securities will be calculated by reference to one 
or more interest rates or a basket of interest rates or one or 
more baskets of baskets of interest rates. 
Commodity Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Commodity Securities will be calculated by reference to one 
or more commodities or a basket of commodities or one or 
more baskets of baskets of commodities. 
Govies Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Govies Securities will be calculated by reference to: 
(i) one or more government or supranational bonds or a 
basket of government or supranational bonds or one 
or more baskets of baskets of government or 
supranational bonds; or 
(ii) the 
yield 
of one 
or more 
government 
or 
supranational bonds or the yield of a basket of 
government or supranational bonds or one or more 
baskets of baskets of government or supranational 
bonds. 
Govies Securities, only in case of point (i) above, may also be 
issued as Physical Delivery Securities. In such case, the 
Deliverable Asset will be a specified amount of Govies, 
subject to payment of the Expenses and any other sums 
payable. 
Fund Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Fund Securities will be calculated by reference to units or 
shares in one or more funds or a basket of funds or one or 
more baskets of baskets of funds. 
Combined Securities: 
The amounts or the occurrence of any event in respect of 
Combined Securities will be calculated by reference to two or 
more Underlyings belonging to different asset class. 
Exercise of Certificates: 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the 
Exercise Date, unless an Early Redemption Event occurred (if 
applicable), or a Call Option is exercised by the Issuer (if 
applicable), or a Put Option is exercised by the Securityholder 
(if applicable), or an Open End Feature is applicable (in case 
of Benchmark Certificates, Constant Leverage Certificates 
and Turbo Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or unless a Termination Event or an Adjustment Event 
or a Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, the 
early exercise of such Certificates shall be subject to the 
extent such Certificates qualify at such time as liabilities that 
are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements or, in case of a 
redemption pursuant to Condition 22(C)(ii) (Exercise due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event) of Certificates qualified as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements 
before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to 
the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission 
of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of 
the CRR. 
In the case of Certificates listed on the regulated market of 
jurisdictions other than Ireland, Securityholders may be 
entitled to waive the automatic exercise in accordance with 
the specific requirements of such regulated market, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Exercise of Warrants: 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise 
Date or, if such day is not an Exercise Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day (the Actual

--- Page 14 ---
14
Exercise Date and the Expiration Date), unless a 
Termination Event, or an Adjustment Event, or a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. Only in case of Warrants to be 
admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer, the 
relevant Final Terms may specify an Early Redemption 
Event. 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise 
Business Day during the Exercise Period (with the last 
Exercise Business Day of the Exercise Period being (the 
Expiration Date), unless a Termination Event, or an 
Adjustment Event, or a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. Only in case of Warrants to be admitted to listing 
and/or trading without prior offer, the relevant Final Terms 
may specify an Early Redemption Event. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any Warrant which has not been duly exercised by the 
relevant Securityholder, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date 
shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any Warrant which has not been duly exercised by the 
relevant Securityholder, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date 
and which is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
"In-The-Money" shall be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date. If specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, automatic exercise can be waived by serving a 
Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement, copies of which may 
be obtained from the specified office of the Principal Security 
Agent and the registered office of the Issuer. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
if 
the 
Issuer 
determines 
that 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Any 
such redemption shall be subject to the circumstances 
described in "Exercise of Certificates" above. 
Modification or Substitution of 
Certificates: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of 
Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, substitute new 
securities for such Certificates whereby such new securities 
shall replace such Certificates, or vary the terms of such 
Certificates, as fully specified in Condition 8(D)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Return on the Securities: 
Cash Settled Securities entitle the holder to payment on the 
Settlement Date of the Cash Settlement Amount, if positive. 
Physical Delivery Securities entitle the holder to payment on 
the Settlement Date of the Entitlement, consisting of the 
Deliverable Asset and, if any, the Residual Amount. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms the Certificates 
entitle the holder to payment of one or more Remuneration

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Amounts. The payment of one or more Remuneration 
Amounts may depend on the value of one or more 
Underlyings which may be different from the Underlying(s) 
whose value is calculated for the purpose of other 
Remuneration Amounts, or whose value is calculated for the 
purpose of the same Remuneration Amount but in relation to 
a different valuation period, or whose value is calculated for 
the purpose of the occurrence of the relevant event(s), or of 
the Cash Settlement Amount.  
Only in the case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading without prior offer, upon the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event, the Securities are deemed to be early 
redeemed and the Securityholders are not entitled to receive 
any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be equal 
to 0 (zero). 
Status of the Securities: 
The 
Securities 
constitute 
direct, 
unsubordinated, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank, unless provided otherwise by law, pari passu among 
themselves and, (save for certain obligations required to be 
performed by law), equally with all other unsecured 
obligations other than subordinated obligations, if any, of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer is entitled, subject to the Conditions of the Securities, 
to substitute any other company as principal debtor in respect 
of all obligations arising from or in connection with any 
Securities or to change the branch through which it is acting 
for the purpose of any Securities. Upon any such substitution 
of the Issuer or branch, the Conditions of the Securities will 
be amended in all consequential respects.  
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities 
issued under the Programme to be (i) listed on the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and (ii) admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market and the multilateral 
trading facilities Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
The Securities may also be unlisted or admitted to listing and 
trading on such other or further stock exchange or market or 
trading venues, as the Issuer may specify in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
After the Issue Date, application may be made to list the 
Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated markets or to 
admit to trading on other trading venues as the Issuer may 
decide. 
Governing Law:  
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Securities will be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English Law. 
Notwithstanding this, (i) in respect of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, the registration and transfer of the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities in Monte Titoli will be governed

--- Page 16 ---
16
by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law, and 
(ii) in respect of the loss absorption provisions described in 
Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of Italian Bail-in Power) and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such provisions will be governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of Securities issued under the Programme and are material and specific to the Issuer and the Securities 
issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below, represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay the Cash Settlement 
Amounts in respect of the Cash Settled Securities or deliver the Entitlement in respect of Physical 
Delivery Securities may occur or arise for other unknown reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or 
that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business 
operations or the Securities.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. An investment in 
relatively complex securities such as the Securities involves a greater degree of risk than investing in 
less complex securities. In some cases, investors may stand to lose the value of their entire investment 
or part of it, as the case may be. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities". 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and obtain a 
better appreciation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the 
Securities issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deem that the following risk 
factors could affect its ability to satisfy their obligations arising from the Securities. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1) Risks relating to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group; 
2) Risks related to legal proceedings; 
3) Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
4) Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises; and 
5) Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles. 
1.1. 
Risks related to the financial situation of Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
Risk exposure to debt Securities issued by sovereign States 
As at 30 June 2024, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by the Republic of 
Italy amounted to €21.5 billion. It compared to €22.5 billion as at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 18 ---
18
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as Italy's rating 
downgrading or the forecast that such downgrading may occur, might have negative effects on the 
assets, the economic and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the 
Bank. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to the 
Republic of Italy and certain major European Countries. 
As at 31 December 2023, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by the Republic 
of Italy amounted to €22.5 billion (2.3% of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) excluding the 
insurance business, to which should be added €8.2 billion represented by loans. On the same date, the 
investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, Republic of Italy included, 
corresponded to €65.4 billion (6.8% of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) excluding the 
insurance business, to which should be added €10.7 billion represented by loans. On the whole, the 
securities issued by governments, central banks and other public entities represented approximately 
13% of the total financial assets (calculated excluding the insurance business and including financial 
assets represented by due from banks and loans to customers). 
As at 31 December 2022, based on management data, the exposure to securities issued by the Republic 
of Italy amounted to €26.9 billion (3% of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group) excluding the 
insurance business, to which should be added approximately €8 billion represented by loans. On the 
same date, the investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU countries, including the Republic 
of Italy, corresponded to approximately €56 billion (6% of the total assets of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group) excluding the insurance business, to which should be added approximately €10 billion 
represented by loans. On the whole, the securities issued by governments, central banks and other 
public entities represented approximately 11% of the total financial assets (calculated excluding the 
insurance business and including financial assets represented by due from banks and loans to 
customers). 
1.2. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at 30 June 2024, there were a total of around 10,300 non tax related disputes - excluding those 
involving Risanamento S.p.A, which is not subject to management and coordination by Intesa Sanpaolo 
pending at Intesa Sanpaolo Group level (in addition to around 20,800 "mass" disputes at the 
international subsidiary banks, which, as a whole, account for a very low remedy sought) with a total 
remedy sought of around 3,370 million euro. This amount includes all disputes, for which the risk of a 
disbursement of financial resources resulting from a potential negative outcome has been deemed 
possible or likely and therefore does not include disputes for which risk has been deemed remote. The 
risks associated with these disputes are thoroughly and individually analysed by the Parent Company 
and Intesa Sanpaolo Group companies. Specific and appropriate provisions have been made to the 
Allowances for Risks and Charges in the event of disputes for which there is an estimated probability of 
a disbursement of more than 50% and where the amount of the disbursement may be reliably estimated 
(disputes with likely risk). Without prejudice to the uncertainty inherent in all litigation, the estimate of 
the obligations that could arise from the disputes and hence the amount of any provisions recognised 
are based on the forward-looking assessments of the outcome of the trial. These forward-looking 
assessments are, in any event, prepared on the basis of all information available at the time of the 
estimate and updated over the course of the proceedings.  
The disputes with likely risk are about 23,200 (of which around 16,600 relating to the above- 
mentioned "mass" disputes) with a remedy sought of 1,698 million euro and provisions of 659 million 
euro. Compared to the last year, there was a decrease in the number of disputes, which mainly 
concerned disputes certain loan contractual topics relating to the subsidiary Banca Intesa Beograd. 
The component referring to the Parent Company, totals around 5,000 disputes, with a remedy sought of

--- Page 19 ---
19 
1,420 million euro and provisions of 457 million euro. These include around 2,600 positions relating to 
disputes concerning compound interest. There were around 500 disputes relating to other Italian 
subsidiaries, with a remedy sought of 160 million euro and provisions of 82 million euro. In Italy, most 
of them relate to issues of compound interest (2,600 positions). 
With regard to the international subsidiaries, there were around 17,700 disputes with a remedy sought 
of 118 million euro and provisions of 120 million euro, impacted by the previously mentioned mass 
disputes. Specifically, there were around 14,000 disputes relating to the subsidiary Banca Intesa 
Beograd in relation to two areas of litigation that have involved the entire Serbian banking system. The 
first concerns processing fees charged by banks when granting loans and the second relates to real 
estate loans insured through the National Housing Loan Insurance Corporation (NKOSK). 
The most common legal disputes are related to invalidity, cancellation, inefficacy actions or 
compensation for damages as a consequence of transactions related to the ordinary banking and 
financial activity carried out by the Bank. 
For any individual assessment regarding legal disputes, please refer to the section entitled "Description 
of the Issuer – Legal Proceedings" of this Base Prospectus. Such paragraph also includes information 
concerning the disputes on the marketing of convertible and/or subordinated shares/bonds issued by 
Banca Popolare di Vicenza or Veneto Banca, which filed against respectively Banca Nuova and Banca 
Apulia (both subsequently merged by incorporation in Intesa Sanpaolo in 2018 and 2019 respectively). 
1.3. 
Risks related to the business sector of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The future development in the macro-economic context may be considered as a risk as it may produce 
negative effects and trends in the economic and financial situation of the Bank and/or the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. 
Any negative variations of the factors described hereafter, in particular during periods of economic - 
financial crisis, could lead the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to suffer losses, increases of 
financing costs, and reductions of the value of the assets held, with a potentially negative impact on the 
liquidity of the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and its financial soundness. 
The trends of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are affected by the general, national and 
economic situation of the Eurozone, the dynamics of financial markets and the soundness and growth 
prospects of the economy of other geographic areas in which the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group operates. 
In particular, the profitability capacity and solvency of the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are 
affected by the trends of certain factors, such as the investors' expectations and trust, the level and 
volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, financial markets liquidity, 
availability and cost of capital, sustainability of sovereign debt, household incomes and consumer 
spending, unemployment levels, business profitability and capital spending, inflation and housing 
prices. 
The macro-economic framework is currently characterised by significant profiles of uncertainty, in 
relation to: (a) the risk of energy supply disruptions and their effects on economic activity and prices, 
also in relation to ongoing armed conflicts; (b) the future developments of the European Central Bank 
("ECB") monetary policies in the Euro area and of the US Federal Reserve ("FED") in the US Dollar 
area; (c) the tensions observed, on a more or less recurrent basis, on the financial markets; (d) the risk 
that, in the future, holders of Italian government debt lose confidence in the credit standing of the

--- Page 20 ---
20
Republic of Italy, owing to domestic political developments, changes in budgetary policies affecting the 
sustainability of government debt or turmoil in other member states of the euro area.  
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is difficult to determine. 
As such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under the Securities and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the 
Securities in the secondary market. 
Credit risk 
We would like to note that, as of 30 September 2024, Intesa Sanpaolo recorded a gross NPL ratio 
(based on European Banking Authority ("EBA") metrics) of 1.9%. On 31 December 2023, the same 
data corresponded to 1.8%, compared to 1.9% recorded on 31 December 2022 well below the 
threshold which identifies banks in Member States across the Euro area with high levels of non-
performing loans. In this regard the credit institutions which recorded a gross NPL ratio higher than 
5% are required – on the grounds of the "Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne 
exposures" of the EBA – to prepare specific strategic and operative plans for the management of such 
exposures. 
Taking into consideration the pattern of the main credit risk indicators in 2023, in the first nine months 
of 2024 and the improvement of the Gross NPL ratio well below the 5% threshold, Intesa Sanpaolo 
deems that the risk related to credit quality is of low relevance. 
The economic and financial activity and soundness of the Bank depends on its borrower's 
creditworthiness. The Bank is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity. Therefore, the 
clients' breach of the agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or any lack of 
information or incorrect information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit 
position, could have negative effects on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. 
Furthermore, any exposures in the bank portfolio towards counterparties, groups of connected 
counterparties and counterparties of the same economic sector, which perform the same activity or 
belong to the same geographic area, could increase the Bank concentration risk. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by 
reason of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The bankruptcy 
of an important stakeholder, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious liquidity issues, 
losses or defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank. The Bank may 
also be subject to the risk, under specific circumstances, that some of its credits towards third parties are 
no longer collectable. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties, including 
sovereign States, of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, might cause losses and/or negatively 
affect the ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for 
liquidity purposes. A significant decrease of the creditworthiness of the counterparties of the Bank 
might, therefore, have a negative impact on the results of the Bank's performances. However, in many 
cases, the Bank could require further guarantees to the counterparties which are in financial difficulties, 
certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount of guarantee that the Bank is entitled to receive 
and the value of the assets which are the object of the guarantee. The default rates, counterparties rating 
deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties on the guaranteed appraisal could be 
significantly increased during periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has always managed its risk portfolio proactively and prudently, overcoming the 
various crises of recent years unscathed. Over the 2022-25 planning horizon, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
intends to pursue a modular de-risking strategy – which was already launched in the last Business Plan 
with significant results – ranking among the best in Europe in terms of NPL ratios and stock (a Zero-
NPL Bank) and generating a sharp drop in the cost of risk. The implementation of the 2022-2025

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Business Plan is proceeding at full speed. 
The results for the first nine months of 2024 confirm that Intesa Sanpaolo is able to generate sustainable 
profitability even in complex environments thanks to its well-diversified and resilient business model. 
As at 30 September 2024, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s gross non-performing loans amounted to 9.6 
billion euro, down by 317 million euro (-3.2%) compared to December 2023. Their ratio to total loans 
decreased slightly to 2.2% and to 1.1% net of related provisions for impairments (2.3% and 1.2% 
respectively at the end of 2023). According to the EBA methodology, on the same date the NPL ratio 
stood at 1.9% and 0.9% before and after adjustments (respectively 1.8% and 0.9%, in at the end of 
2023). This result was also attributable to the ongoing de-risking initiatives, and also reflect an amount 
of non-performing loans classified as asset held for sale, having met the conditions for applicability 
based on IFRS 5- The process of NPL deleveraging also continued to benefit from modest new inflows 
from performing loans due to the performance of the prevention initiatives.  
As at 30 September 2024, the net non-performing loans of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group amounted to 
€4,737 million, lower than the figure recorded as at 31 December 2023 (€4,980 million), and 
representing a new all-time low, continuing the virtuous trend already recorded in the previous quarters. 
In further detail, in September 2024 bad loans amounted to €1,109 million (+18% from 31 December 
2023), net of adjustments, representing 0.3% of total net loans with a coverage ratio of 69.7%. Loans 
included in the unlikely-to-pay category amounted to €3.2 billion, down by 10.9%, accounting for 0.7% 
of total net loans to customers, with a coverage ratio of 40.1%. Past-due loans amounted to €441 
million (-5.2% from the end of 2023), with a coverage ratio of 31.0%. 
Intesa Sanpaolo continues to operate as a growth accelerator in the real economy in Italy: in the first 
nine months of 2024, medium/long-term new lending granted by the group to Italian households and 
businesses amounted to around €30 billion. In the first nine months of 2024, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
facilitated the return to performing status of around 2,250 companies, thus safeguarding around 11,000 
jobs. This brought the total to over 143,000 companies since 2014, with over 715,000 jobs safeguarded 
over the same period. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please refer to the 
"Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Report on operations – 
Risk management – Credit Risk of the Interim Statement as at 30 September 2024, included by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Market risk 
In the first nine months of 2024, with regard to the overall limit relating to trading and the hold to 
collect and sell (HTCS) business model, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's average managerial Value at Risk 
("VaR") was equal to € 137 million, in reduction compared to the same period of 2023, which was 
equal to € 167 million. 
Regarding the held for trading portfolio only, managerial VaR has recorded in the first nine months of 
2024 an average value of € 28.9 million (€ 32.3 million was the average value on 30 September 2023): 
the slight reduction is attributable to both the lower volatility registered on credit spreads as well as 
the lower exposure towards interest rate risk on IMI C&IB Division portfolio. 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a 
deterioration of the financial soundness of the Bank and/or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. Such 
deterioration could be produced either by negative effects on the income statement deriving from

--- Page 22 ---
22
positions held for trading purposes, or from negative changes in the FVOCI (Fair Value through Other 
Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions classified as financial Activities evaluated at 
fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes in the financial instruments value, including the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates of currencies, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused by changes in the general economic trend, the investors' propensity to 
investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, availability and 
capital cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and international level, war 
conflicts and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the trading book, which 
includes the financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related thereto, and the banking 
book, which includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different from those contained in the 
trading book. 
For further information please see Part E of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The ratio between the loans to customers and the direct deposits from banking business, as reported in 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2024 Interim 3rd Quarter Report (“Loan to deposit ratio”), on 30 
September 2024 was at 71.6%, compared to 74.5% on 31 December 2023. 
Both regulatory indicators, LCR and NSFR, were above the minimum regulatory requirements (100%). 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, measured according to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61, amounted to an average of 161.5% over the last twelve months ending 
September 20241. The NSFR measured in accordance with regulatory instructions, was 122,3% at the 
end of September 2024. 
At the end of September, there are still no TLTRO funding transactions in place. 
Although the Bank constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of the market 
situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of the Bank, may have negative 
effects on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group. In particular, in light of the findings set forth in the EBA third report on LCR and NSFR 
monitoring2, the Issuer remains attentive to the evolution of the funding market to ensure that its 
ordinary refinancing strategies and normal business are not affected by the cumulative effect of the 
maturity of all the remaining central bank funding and additional outflows due to the impact of adverse 
market liquidity scenarios. 
In particular, in light of the findings set forth in the EBA third report on LCR and NSFR monitoring, 
the Issuer remains attentive to the evolution of the funding market to ensure that its ordinary 
refinancing strategies and normal business are not affected by effect due to the impact of adverse 
market liquidity scenarios. 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is not able to satisfy its payment obligations at maturity, both 
due to the inability to raise funds on the market (funding liquidity risk) and of the difficulty to disinvest 
its own assets (market liquidity risk). 
 
1 
The LCR ratio refers to the simple average of the last 12 months of monthly observations, as per Regulation (EU) 2021/637. 
2  
EBA Report on “Monitoring of liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio implementation in the EU” of 15 June 
2023.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
The liquidity of the Bank may be prejudiced by the temporary impossibility of accessing capital 
markets by the issuance of debt securities (both guaranteed and not guaranteed), the inability to receive 
funds from counterparties which are external to or of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, the inability to sell 
certain assets or redeem its investments, as well as unexpected cash outflows or the obligation to 
provide more guarantees. Such a situation may occur by reason of circumstances that are independent 
of the control of the Bank, such as a general market disruption or an operational issue which affects the 
Bank or any third parties, or also by reason of the perception among the participants in the market that 
the Bank or other participants in the market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. The liquidity crisis 
and the loss of trust in the financial institutions may increase the Bank's cost of funding and limit its 
access to some of its traditional liquidity sources. 
Examples of liquidity risk manifestation are the bankruptcy of an important participant to the market, or 
concerns about its possible default, which may cause serious liquidity issues, losses or defaults of other 
banks which, in turn, could negatively affect the Bank; and a decrease of the creditworthiness of third 
parties of which the Bank holds securities or bonds, that may determine losses and/or negatively affect 
the ability of the Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities or bonds for liquidity 
purposes. 
For further information please see Part E of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of operational risk which are intrinsic to its business, among 
which are those mentioned herein, by way of example and without limitation: frauds by external 
persons, frauds or losses arising from the unfaithfulness of the employees and/or breach of control 
procedures, operational errors, defects or malfunctions of computer or telecommunication systems, 
computer virus attacks, default of suppliers with respect to their contractual obligations, terrorist 
attacks and natural disasters. The occurrence of one or more of said risks may have significant 
negative effects on the business, the operational results and the economic and financial situation of the 
Bank. The capital absorption amounts to €2,364 million as at 30 September 2024 and represents 
approximately 10% of the total value of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group requirement. 
The operational risk may be defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes the following risks: 
legal, conduct, compliance, financial crime, fiscal, IT and Cyber, physical security, business continuity, 
third-party, data quality, fraud, process and employer risks; strategic and reputational risk are not 
included. 
The Bank has defined a framework for the operational, ICT & security risk management which consists 
of the following phases: 
− 
identification: the detection and description of potential operational, ICT & security risk areas 
(e.g. operational events, presence of issues, applicability of risk factors, significant risk 
scenarios); 
− 
assessment 
and 
measurement: 
this 
phase 
includes 
the 
activities 
aimed 
at 
the 
qualitative/quantitative determination of the Intesa Sanpaolo operational, ICT & security risk 
exposure and the transformation of the evaluations collected (e.g. internal and external 
operational loss data, management levels of risk factors, probability and impact in case of 
realisation of risk scenarios) in synthetic risk measures;

--- Page 24 ---
24
− 
monitoring and control: continuous management of changes in the operational, ICT & security 
risk exposure, also to prevent the occurrence of harmful events and to promote active risk 
management; 
− 
mitigation: operational risk containment through appropriate mitigation actions and suitable risk 
transfer strategies, based on a risk-driven approach;  
− 
reporting: preparation of information flows related to operational, ICT & security risk 
management, designed to ensure adequate knowledge of the exposure to this risk. 
Although the Bank constantly supervises its own operational risks, certain unexpected events and/or 
events out of the Bank's control may occur (including those mentioned above by way of example and 
without limitation), with possible negative effects on the business and the economic and/or financial 
situation of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo, as well as on its reputation. 
Moreover, starting from 30 June 2023, the Bank implemented certain organizational arrangements to 
ensure compliance with the changes recently introduced to Circular No. 285 aimed to implement the 
EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. 
For further information please see Part E of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for 2023, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Bank is exposed to several categories of foreign exchange risk which are intrinsic to its business 
and are lied in foreign currency loans and deposits held by customers, purchases of securities, equity 
investments and other financial instruments in foreign currencies, conversion to domestic currency of 
assets, liabilities and income of branches and subsidiaries abroad, trading of foreign currencies and 
banknotes, and collection and/or payment of interest, commissions, dividends and administrative costs 
in foreign currencies. Although the Bank constantly monitors its exposure to foreign currencies, any 
negative development of the foreign rates may have negative effects on activities and the economic 
and/or financial situation of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
"Foreign exchange risk" is defined as the potential loss resulting from changes in the exchange rate that 
could have a negative impact on the valuation of the assets and liabilities in the financial statements and 
on earnings and capital ratios. Two types of Foreign Exchange Risk are identified: Structural and 
Transaction risk. Structural Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss resulting from 
changes in the exchange rate that could have a negative impact on the foreign exchange reserves that 
are part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's consolidated shareholders' equity, and includes the foreign 
exchange risk associated with hybrid capital instruments. The key sources of structural foreign 
exchange risk are therefore the investments in associates and companies subject to joint control. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group's management of the Structural Foreign Exchange Risk assigns the Parent 
Company the related management and coordination powers in order to achieve a consistent Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group strategy. This choice, which is consistent with the Parent Company's role as the liaison 
with the Supervisory Authority, allows the activities to be performed based on the specific 
responsibilities set out in the prudential supervision regulations, in addition to suitably mitigating 
and/or managing this type of risk. Transaction Foreign Exchange Risk is defined as the potential loss 
resulting from changes in the exchange rate that may have a negative impact both on the valuation of 
the assets and liabilities in the financial statements and on the earnings from funding and lending 
transactions in currencies other than the euro. 
The main sources of this foreign exchange risk consist in: non-euro loans and deposits held by 
corporate and/or retail customers; conversion into domestic currency of assets, liabilities and income of 
the international branches; trading of foreign currencies; collection and/or payment of interest,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
commissions, dividends and administrative expenses in foreign currencies; purchase and sale of 
securities and financial instruments for the purpose of resale in the short term; etc. Transaction foreign 
exchange risk also includes the risk related to transactions connected to operations that generate the 
type of structural foreign exchange risk represented, for example, by dividends, earnings in the process 
of being generated, and corporate events 
1.4. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises 
The Bank is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed 
by the relevant institutions (in particular, the ECB, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both the 
aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and 
practice developments. 
Furthermore, as a listed Bank, the Bank is required to comply with further provisions issued by 
CONSOB. 
The Bank, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the 
financial and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and 
consumer protection. 
Although the Bank undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities 
could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Bank, with possible negative impacts on the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Bank. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the prudential rules has been amended on the grounds of the 
directions deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the intention of significantly 
strengthening the minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the 
introduction of policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") ratio at least 
equal to 7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets 
and a Total Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels 
include the so-called "capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory 
capitalisation). 
As known, Intesa Sanpaolo, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is 
subject to the direct supervision of the ECB. Following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP") the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that Intesa 
Sanpaolo must comply with at a consolidated level. On 30 November 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo announced 
that it had received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has 
to meet as of 1 January 2024. The overall capital requirement the Bank is required to meet in terms of 
CET 1 ratio is currently 9.37%. 
This is the result of: a) a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio equal to 9.50%, which 
includes a Pillar I minimum requirement of 8%, of which 4.50% in terms of CET 1, and an additional 
Pillar II requirement of 1.50%3, of which 0.84% in terms of CET 1; b) the additional requirements, 
 
3  
Following the additional Article 3 CRR deduction made to Own funds in June 2023 (for the calendar provisioning on 
exposures included in the scope of Pillar 2), the Supervisor updated the Pillar 2 Requirement ("P2R") applicable. As a result,

--- Page 26 ---
26
entirely in terms of CET 1, represented by: the Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50%; the O-SII Buffer 
(Other Systematically Important Institutions Buffer) of 1.25% and the Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 
0.28% 4. 
As at 30 September 2024, the CET 1 ratio stood at 13.6%5, the Tier 1 ratio at 16.6% and the Total 
Capital ratio at 19.4%. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (LCR), aimed at 
creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a period of thirty 
days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (NSFR) with a temporal 
horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable 
maturity structure. 
Both indicators of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are above the minimum limits provided by the European 
rules. 
Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group being more than safe and under 
constant control, some risks may materialize over the horizon. An important mitigating factor to these 
risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group system of rules. 
With regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, currently, in light of the low exposure to Russian and 
Ukrainian counterparties, there were no significant impacts on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s 
consolidated liquidity position. See: "Description of the Issuer – The military conflict between Russia 
and Ukraine". 
Furthermore, the Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR2, transposing the Basel III Accord) introduced 
the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the 
total exposure of the Bank Group. Such index is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out 
of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance 
sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
Although the above-mentioned regulatory evolution (further described under the "Regulatory Section" 
of this Base Prospectus) envisages a gradual adaptation to the new prudential requirements, the impacts 
on the management dynamics of the Bank could be significant. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions include the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU 
(Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation – so called "SRMR"), which may create a significant impact on the economic and financial 
position of the Bank and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific 
funds with financial resources that shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by 
the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so-called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the 
 
from the second half of 2023, the P2R on Total Capital is 1.50% (compared to 1.72% previously). 
4  
Computed taking into account the exposure as at 30 September 2024 in the various countries where the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group has a presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 2025, 
where available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero in Italy for 2024). 
5  
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.6% does not include in capital any net income accrued in the third quarter 2024, in 
compliance with the ECB’s recent guidance, which specifically states that a supervised entity is not allowed to include any 
interim or year-end profits in Common Equity Tier 1 in case it adopts a distribution policy that does not specify any upper 
limit for cash dividends and any share buybacks, and it does not commit not to distribute neither via cash dividends nor via 
share buybacks the profits that it wants to include in Common Equity Tier 1. Including in capital the net income of the third 
quarter of 2024 and deducting dividends accrued in the nine months of 2024 for €5 billion, capital ratios as at 30 September 
2024 were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 13.9%, Tier 1 ratio at 16.8% and Total Capital Ratio at 19.6%.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Council, which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR II") and the Directive of the Parliament 
and the Council 2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD V") must be taken into 
consideration and put in force by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the BRRD, as subsequently amended, which is intended to 
enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing 
(i.e., the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any 
action under the BRRD towards the Intesa Sanpaolo Group could materially affect the value of, or any 
repayments linked to the Securities. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions 
(the "SSM Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory 
Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has conferred to the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, 
direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the 
total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – 
the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three 
most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; 
(iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking 
subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent 
a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting 
with each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare 
an institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. 
Intesa Sanpaolo and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant 
supervised entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 
468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and each national competent authority and with national 
designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct 
prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation 
and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
Moreover, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy has recently announced the 
introduction of a systemic risk buffer and borrower-based measures applicable to all banks and banking 
group authorized in Italy of 1.0 per cent of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and 
counterparty credit risk (to be gradually phase-in until June 2025). Therefore, it is not yet clear what 
impact these regulatory changes will have on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's operations. Moreover, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the CRD VI and CRR III (as both defined below) have only been 
recently published in the Official Journal of the European Union and there is uncertainty as to its 
adoption and implementation of the legislative acts and in particular it is not yet clear how and to what 
extent the changes brought by both the CRR III and the CRD VI may impact the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's operations. Finally, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Council announced that it had 
agreed a negotiating mandate on the review of the CMDI Reform (as defined below). The CMDI 
Reform includes, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency ensuring a 
general depositor preference with a single-tier depositor preference. The implementation of the CMDI 
Proposal is subject to further legislative procedures and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is 
still legal uncertainty as to what extent its adoption and implementation would impact on the Issuer’s 
operation.

--- Page 28 ---
28
For further details, please see the "Regulatory Section" of this Base Prospectus. 
Reputational and ESG Risk of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Financial institutions are facing increased scrutiny on climate and broader environmental, social and 
governance ("ESG")-related issues from governments, regulators, shareholders and other bodies.  This 
focus on ESG may lead to reputational risks if the Bank is not perceived to support the transition to a 
lower carbon economy, as well as to protect biodiversity and human rights. The Bank is also required 
to review and enhance our ESG risk management frameworks in alignment with emerging regulatory 
guidance and to ensure that we accurately portray the ESG aspects of our activities. 
Within the Bank the governance of reputational and ESG risks is closely integrated due to the strong 
interconnections between these risk profiles. 
Reputational risk is the current or prospective risk of a decline in profits or enterprise value 
(capitalization) resulting from a negative perception of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's image by 
customers, counterparties, Intesa Sanpaolo Group shareholders, investors, or regulatory authorities. 
While ESG risks include all risks arising from potential negative impacts, direct or indirect, on the 
environment, people and communities and more generally all stakeholders, in addition to those arising 
from corporate governance. Within this category of risk climate change risk is of significant relevance. 
The Bank is exposed to risks arising from climate change either directly through its own operations or 
indirectly through its financing and investment activities. The taxonomy adopted by Intesa Sanpaolo 
divides climate change risks into physical and transition risks. 
Physical risks represent the negative financial impact from climate change, including more frequent 
extreme weather events and gradual climate change, as well as environmental degradation, i.e. air, 
water and soil pollution, water stress, biodiversity loss, and deforestation. These types of risks – which 
can usually arise in both the short/medium and long term – can be broken down into acute and chronic 
risks: 
• 
acute physical risks refer to specific events that have the potential to create significant physical 
damage (e.g. flooding of rivers and oceans, tropical storms). These events are occurring more 
frequently, on both a regional and global basis;  
• 
chronic physical risks involve a series of physical impacts of considerably longer duration than 
those posed by acute risks. They are identifiable as processes of change rather than single events. 
In most cases, the impacts are localised (e.g., drought) but chronic risks are likely to become 
more significant in the long term. 
Transition risks are the negative financial impacts that an institution may incur, directly or indirectly, as 
a result of the process of adjustment to a low-carbon and more environmentally sustainable economy, 
arising from: 
• 
public policy and legal risks: this category includes policies that attempt to limit actions that 
contribute to the negative effects of climate change or political actions that seek to promote 
adaptation to climate change and the legal risk arising from the inability of organisations to 
mitigate/adapt to climate change; 
• 
technological developments: these include innovations that support the transition to a low-
carbon and energy-efficient economic system; 
• 
consumer preferences: changes in the demand and supply of certain goods, products and 
services;

--- Page 29 ---
29 
• 
reputational risk arising from changes in customer or community perceptions of an 
organisation’s contribution to the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
Even though the Bank is working on the identification of the potential impact and the mitigation action 
to be taken to address both transition and physical risks, climate change could nonetheless have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In our Business 
Plan, we aim at creating strong and sustainable value for our shareholders, further increasing our solid 
capital position and our ESG commitment. We are also working to achieve a net-zero emission target, 
in terms of own emissions by 2030, and in terms of loan and investment portfolios, asset management 
and insurance sectors by 2050. This includes the ability to identify, monitor and manage ESG-related 
risks associated with the activities of customer companies in the investment and lending decisions by 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. Both rapidly changing regulatory as well as stakeholder demands, combined 
with significant focus by stakeholders, may materially affect our businesses if we fail to adopt such 
demands or appropriately implement our strategic plans.  
1.5. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of 
the applied accounting principles 
The Bank is exposed, as much as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects 
deriving from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the existing 
ones, in particular with respect to the International Accounting Standards ("IAS") and International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as approved and adopted within the European legal system. 
It is primarily noted that IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, published by the International Accounting and 
Standards Board in May 2017 and subject to subsequent amendments, endorsed with Regulation (EU) 
no. 2036/2021 of 19 November 2021, is applicable from 1 January 2023. 
The Interim Statement as at 31 March 2023 was the first financial statement drawn up in application of 
IFRS 17. At the same time, the insurance companies of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group also applied for the 
first time IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, the application of which was deferred by virtue of the 
application of the deferral approach6. 
The new standard envisages the introduction of new balance sheet figures and different ways of 
recognising the profitability of insurance products in the financial statements, which could lead to both 
balance sheet impacts upon first-time adoption of the standard and volatility in the income statement 
once the standard is being implemented. The balance sheet impact upon first-time adoption depends on 
the level of market rates at the transition date, as well as the transition approaches adopted. On the other 
hand, the income statement result is closely related to how the Contractual Service Margin ("CSM") is 
released over time and how it is adjusted following revisions to the operational and financial 
assumptions included in the cash flow and risk adjustment. With regard to the effects of the application 
of IFRS 17, at the transition date (1 January 2022), the Shareholders' Equity in the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group Consolidated Financial Statements decreased by €985 million, net of the tax effect, due to 
greater insurance liabilities for €731 million (€505 million net of the tax effect) due to the different 
measurement criteria set out in IFRS 17 in place of the previous IFRS 4 and to the derecognition of 
intangible assets (new business and distribution) with a finite useful life, for a total of €685 million 
(€480 million net of the tax effect). The total effect on shareholders' equity as at 31 December 2022 
deriving from the combined application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 was a negative €552 million net of the 
tax effect. That effect is due to the impacts of transition to IFRS 17/IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2022 (a 
 
6  
Note that, by virtue of the application of the Deferral Approach, the financial assets and liabilities of the subsidiary 
insurance companies continued to be recognised in accordance with the provisions of IAS 39, while awaiting the entry 
into force of the new international financial reporting standard on insurance contracts (IFRS 17).

--- Page 30 ---
30
negative €985 million), partially offset during the year by greater income (€25 million) and greater 
reserves (€408 million) expressed in accordance with the new standards. 
Shareholders' Equity in terms of own funds decreased as at 31 December 2022 by €408 million, with an 
impact of -11 basis points on the CET 1 ratio. Note that, for the purpose of the prudential calculation, 
the investment in the insurance companies falls under the Danish Compromise regime, which allows 
the investment to be weighted at 370% instead of deducting it from CET 1. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group’s insurance companies, including a complete illustration of the provisions of these 
standards, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s choices and the related impacts, please refer to the specific 
section “Transition to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments by the Group’s 
insurance companies” included in the 2023 Audited Financial Statements. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle or amendment to existing international IAS 
and IFRS accounting principles please refer to the specific information included in the chapter “Notes 
to the consolidated financial statements – Part A – Accounting policies” of the 2022 Annual Report and 
the 2023 Annual Report and in the chapter “Notes - Accounting policies” included in the 2023 Audited 
Financial Statements. 
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED 
AND/OR ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any 
investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Securities issued under this Base 
Prospectus to be offered and/or admitted to trading. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1) Risks related to the nature of the Securities; 
2) Risks related to the Underlying; 
3) Specific risks related to Certificates; 
4) Specific risks related to Warrants;  
5) Risks related to Securities generally; and 
6) Risks related to the offer to the public and/or admission of the Securities to trading on a 
regulated market. 
2.1 
Risks related to the nature of the Securities 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Certificates must determine the suitability of the investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate the Certificates, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Certificates and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the Base Prospectus and all information 
contained in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its

--- Page 31 ---
31 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Certificates and the impact that the 
Certificates will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Certificates, including Certificates with amounts payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the Settlement Currency is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Certificates and be familiar with any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Index Securities, Share Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Interest 
Rate Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Fund Securities, Commodity Securities, Govies Securities or 
Combined Securities may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional 
securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in "Risks 
related to the structure of a particular issue of Securities" set out below. 
Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Certificates which 
are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of the Certificates and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's 
overall investment portfolio. 
Resolution Powers and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework the Relevant Authorities have the power to apply "resolution" tools if the 
relevant Issuer is failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation proceedings. 
Specifically, these tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the relevant Issuer; (2) the 
establishment of a bridging institution; (3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of the relevant Issuer 
from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through write-down/conversion into 
equity of regulatory capital instruments as well as other liabilities of the Issuer if the relevant conditions 
are satisfied and in accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of 
Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary 
measure in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the 
resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete 
suspension of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered 
into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such 
exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the 
price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the ability of the credit institution to 
satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Security (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each 
holder of the Securities acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of 
any resolution power by a Relevant Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of

--- Page 32 ---
32
the principal amount of, or any amount due on, the Securities and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, 
of the principal amount of, or any amount due on, the Securities into equity or other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the 
Securities, to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of such resolution power. Each holder 
of the Securities acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Securities are 
subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any 
Relevant Authority. The exercise of the resolution power by the Relevant Authority will not constitute 
an event of default under the Securities. 
The exercise of any resolution power, which could result in the Securities being written down or 
converted into equity pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the Securityholders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Securities, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Securities, and 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Securities. 
Regulatory restrictions with regard to certain types of Certificates 
The BRRD II and the SRMR II have detailed the scope of liabilities that are intended to be eligible 
for the purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"). In 
particular, according to Article 45b para. 2 of the BRRD II and Article 12c par. 2 of the SRMR II, 
certain types of Certificates may be considered as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined below). 
As a consequence, in relation to Certificates that may be considered as eligible liabilities according to 
such Articles, all the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities set out in the BRRD II, in the SRMR 
II and in the CRR II, should be deemed applicable for the Certificates which satisfy the conditions set 
out the in the MREL Requirements.  
Certificates intended to be eligible are subject to certain restrictions. In particular, the respective 
Securityholders are not entitled to set off claims arising from such Certificates against any of the 
Issuer’s claims. No security of whatever kind and no guarantee is, or shall at any time be, provided by 
the Issuer or other entities related to the Issuer, which enhances the seniority of the claims under these 
Certificates. Furthermore, the early redemption and the repurchase of Certificates that are intended to 
be eligible for the purposes of MREL are subject to specific restrictions such as the prior consent of the 
competent authority. Further, termination rights, if any, are excluded for the respective Securityholders, 
other than in the case of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under all relevant laws and 
regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to it. 
These restrictions limit the rights of the Securityholders and might expose them to the risk that their 
investment will have a lower potential return than expected. 
In addition, the BRRD II, the SRMR II and the CRR II have been recently adopted and there is 
uncertainty as to their implementation and interpretation in the relevant Member States. 
Option risk 
The Certificates are derivative financial instruments which may include an option right and which, 
therefore, have many characteristics in common with options. Transactions in options involve a high 
level of risk. An investor who intends to trade in options must first of all understand the functioning of 
the types of contracts which he intends to trade in (for example, call options and put options). An 
investment in options constitutes a highly volatile investment and there is a high likelihood that the 
option may have no value whatsoever at expiration. In such case, the investor would lose the entire

--- Page 33 ---
33 
amount used to purchase the option (known as the "premium"). 
An investor who is considering the purchase of a call option over an Underlying, the market price of 
which is much lower than the price at which the exercise of the option would be opportune (known as 
"deep out of the money"), must consider that the possibility that the exercise of the option will become 
profitable is remote. Likewise, an investor who is considering the purchase of a put option over an 
Underlying, the market price of which is much higher than the price at which the exercise of the option 
would be opportune, must consider that the possibility that the exercise of the option will become 
profitable is remote. 
The Certificates include some options on the Underlying(s). The amount potentially paid or deliverable 
on exercise will depend on the value of such options. Prior to the expiration of a Certificate, a variation 
in the value of the relevant options may involve a reduction in the value of such Certificate. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay any cash amount in respect of the Securities in the Settlement Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to 
the Settlement Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the cash amount in respect of the Securities and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, the cash amount that investors may 
receive may be less than expected or zero. 
The above risks may be increased for currencies of emerging market jurisdictions. 
2.2 
Risks related to the Underlying 
General risks and risks relating to the Underlying 
The Securities involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a partial or total loss 
of the purchase price of their Securities. This risk reflects the nature of a Security as an asset which, 
other factors held constant, tends to decline in value over time and which may become worthless on 
expiration. See "Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Securities" below. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should be experienced with respect to options and option 
transactions, should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Securities and should 
reach an investment decision only after careful consideration with their advisers of the suitability of 
such Securities in light of their particular financial circumstances, the information set forth herein, the 
information regarding the relevant Securities and the particular Underlying. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Security upon expiration means that, in 
order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Security must 
generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of 
the relevant Underlying. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower the value of a Security

--- Page 34 ---
34
and the shorter its remaining term to expiration, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Security will 
lose all or part of their investment. The only means through which a holder can realise value from such 
Security prior to the Exercise Date in relation to such Security is to sell it at its then market price in an 
available secondary market. See "Possible illiquidity of the Securities in the secondary market" below. 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant Underlying will affect the value of the Securities. Purchasers of 
Securities risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant underlying basis of reference 
does not move in the anticipated direction. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to various reference indices, exchange rates, 
shares, funds, interest rates, commodities, or future contracts, as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. At any given time, the number of Securities outstanding may be substantial. Securities 
provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the value 
of the underlying investment. In general, certain of the risks associated with the Securities are similar to 
those generally applicable to other options of private corporate issuers. Options or Securities on equities 
or debt securities are priced primarily on the basis of the value of underlying securities. The trading 
value of Commodity Securities is likely to reflect primarily present and expected values of the 
commodity (or basket of commodities). 
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or 
other connected person in respect of an Underlying) and Securityholders will not have any right of 
recourse under the Securities to any such Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other 
connected person in respect of an Underlying). The Securities are in no way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying and 
such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any 
Securityholders. 
Risk arising from the Benchmark Regulation 
The Underlying or a Basket Constituent may qualify as a benchmark (the "Benchmark") within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). According to the Benchmark 
Regulation, a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy 
the "equivalence" conditions (according to Article 30 of the BMR), is not "recognised" pending such a 
decision (according to Article 32 of the BMR) and is not "endorsed" for such purpose (according to 
Article 33 of the BMR). Consequently, it might be not possible to further utilise a Benchmark as 
Underlying or Basket Constituent of the Securities. In such event, depending on the particular 
Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Securities, the Securities could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation could have a material adverse 
effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with the Benchmark Regulation. Such 
factors may have the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the Benchmarks; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposal 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
the amount payable under the Securities.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
The potential elimination of a Benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of such 
Benchmark, as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or otherwise, could require an adjustment to the 
terms and conditions, or result in other consequences. These reforms and changes may cause a 
Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or be discontinued. The application of the 
fallback methods may expose investors to certain risks including, but not limited to (i) conflicts of 
interest of the Calculation Agent when making the required adjustments to the Securities, or (ii) the 
replacement of the Underlying or Basket Constituent with a different Underlying or Basket Constituent 
which could perform differently than the original Underlying or Basket Constituent and therefore affect 
amounts payable in respect of the Securities, or (iii) the early redemption of the Securities. 
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Securities. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Securities linked to a Benchmark. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of the Securities 
The Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Securities) or the value of the Deliverable 
Asset and, if any, of the Residual Amount (the quantities of which are determined by reference to the 
Entitlement) (in the case of Physical Delivery Securities) at any time prior to expiration is typically 
expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at that time. The difference between the 
trading price and the Cash Settlement Amount or the Deliverable Asset and, if any, of the Residual 
Amount, as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Securities. The 
"time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration 
and expectations concerning the value of the Underlying. Securities offer hedging and investment 
diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The 
interim value of the Securities varies with the price of the Underlying, as well as by a number of other 
interrelated factors, including those specified herein. 
Before exercising (in the case of Warrants) or selling Securities, Securityholders should carefully 
consider, among other things, (i) the trading price of the Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the 
Underlying, (iii) the time remaining to expiration, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
probable range of Cash Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend 
yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or 
liquidity of the Underlying and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
Certain considerations regarding hedging 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in an underlying asset, should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this 
manner. For example, the value of the Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the 
underlying asset which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Due to fluctuating supply and 
demand for the Securities, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the 
underlying asset which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these reasons, among 
others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to 
calculate the value of any relevant index or basket. 
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the Issuer's 
obligations under such Securities (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or entered

--- Page 36 ---
36
into from time to time by the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents relating to such 
securities) by taking positions, directly or indirectly, in the underlying asset. Although the Issuer has no 
reason to believe that such hedging activities will have a material impact on the price of any underlying, 
there can be no assurance that such hedging activities will not adversely affect the value of the 
Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Share Securities 
An investment in Share Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On redemption or exercise, as the case may be, of Share Securities, Holders 
will receive an amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of the share(s), GDRs and/or 
ADRs and/or the physical delivery of a given number of share(s), GDRs and/or ADR/s. Accordingly, 
an investment in Share Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and 
investors should take advice accordingly. Share Securities pay amounts calculated by reference to the 
value of the underlying share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs. 
In the case of Share Securities, no issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the 
preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and neither the 
Issuer nor any Manager will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with 
respect to any information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the 
documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that 
all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final 
Terms) that would affect the trading price of the share, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material 
future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share, GDRs 
and/or ADRs and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the Conditions in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, Securityholders will 
not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to 
the relevant shares to which such Securities relate. 
Certain considerations associated with Exchange Rate Securities 
An Investment in Exchange Rate Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of 
Exchange Rate Securities. Currency values related to the exchange rates may be affected by complex 
political and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of an 
exchange rate, regardless of other market forces (see "Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" 
below). Purchasers of Securities risk losing their entire investment if the relevant exchange rates do not 
move in the anticipated direction. 
Certain considerations associated with Fund Securities 
An investment in Fund Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. An investment in Fund Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in the relevant fund(s) and investors should take advice accordingly. 
The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may have agreements in place with the Management Company and/or 
with the Fund Manager of a Fund pursuant to which they undertake to provide, on a continuous basis, 
to the Issuer or any of its Affiliates the information of the Fund which allows the Issuer to apply the 
lookthrough of the Fund, pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB), as

--- Page 37 ---
37 
amended from time to time. In case of any breach by the Management Company and/or by the Fund 
Manager of such obligations, a negative change in the accounting treatment of the Fund (and, therefore, 
a higher capital absorption requirement for the Issuer) may occur. In such case, investors should 
consider that the Issuer may early redeem the Securities by paying to the Securityholders the market 
value of such Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Paragraph 15(2)(F) 
(“Adjustment Events in relation to Fund Securities”). 
In case of Fund Securities whose Underlying is a Fund investing in cryptocurrencies or other digital 
assets, investors should also consider that these investment products entail unique and substantial risks, 
may be more volatile than other types of investments and that the value of the Fund could decline 
significantly and without warning. In addition, compared to other financial assets, digital assets are 
more expose to other risks, such as technology risk, legal and regulatory risk and liquidity risk. 
Certain considerations associated with Futures Contract Securities 
An investment in Futures Contract Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. The yield on Securities which are linked to futures contracts 
may not be perfectly correlated to the trend in the price of the underlying asset of the future contract, as 
the use of futures contracts generally involves a rolling mechanism. This means that any futures 
contracts which expire prior to the relevant payment date under the applicable underlying securities are 
replaced with futures contracts that have a later expiry date. Investors may, therefore, only marginally 
benefit from any rise or fall in the price of the underlying asset of the future contract. 
In addition, the trend of futures contracts may differ significantly from that of the underlying asset's 
spot markets. In relation to commodity futures contracts, the trend in the price of a futures contracts 
compared to the underlying commodity is closely linked to the present and future level of production of 
the underlying commodity, or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly in the case of 
energy linked products. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may not be 
considered an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes so-called "carrying costs" (for 
example, warehouse or insurance costs). These factors substantially explain the imperfect correlation 
between commodity spot markets and commodity futures contracts. 
If the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable, it will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms if the Issuer will be entitled to determine, on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th 
Near-by, the Initial Reference Value and/or the Reference Value and/or the Final Reference Value, if 
the feature Rolling is also specified as applicable. The Futures Contract N-th Near-by is the n-th futures 
contract that has the same features of the Futures Contract indicated as Underlying. 
Therefore, in the Final Terms will be specified:  
1) the ordinal number of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by to be used for the determination of 
the Initial Reference Value and/or only the Reference Value and the Final Reference Value; 
and  
2) if the Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th 
Near-by. In such case, the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will be the n-th futures contract that 
has an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to the Determination Date; and/or  
3) if the feature Rolling is also applicable. In such case, the Reference Value and/or the Final 
Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by that will 
have an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to any valuation period/date during 
the lifetime of the Certificates and/or to the Valuation Date.

--- Page 38 ---
38
Since the Issuer will not make any adjustment to the price of the Securities following such rollover, 
investors should consider that the price of the futures contract used before the rollover may be different 
from the price of the futures contract used after the rollover. 
Certain considerations associated with Commodity Securities 
An investment in Commodity Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct commodity 
investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. The movements in the price of the 
Commodity may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices.  
The price of Commodities may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the relevant 
Commodities may be traded. 
Certain considerations associated with Index Securities 
Securities that are linked to an Index as Underlying or Basket Component are associated with risks for 
the Securityholders comparable to those of a direct investment in a comparable portfolio of asset classes 
underlying the respective Index. The development of the price of the Index depends on the individual 
index components of which the relevant Index is comprised. The development of the price of the 
individual index components depends on macroeconomic factors, such as interest rates and price levels 
on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors as well as, in the case of shares as index 
components, company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, 
shareholder structure and distribution policy. In the case of an adverse development of such 
macroeconomic factors this may adversely affect the price development of the index components and 
the Index as a whole and accordingly, the value of the Securities and/or any other payments to be made 
under the Securities. 
In case of Index Securities whose Underlying is an Index composed by cryptocurrencies or other digital 
assets, investors should also consider that these investment products entail unique and substantial risks, 
may be more volatile than other types of investments and that the value of the Index could decline 
significantly and without warning. In addition, compared to other financial assets, digital assets are 
more expose to other risks, such as technology risk, legal and regulatory risk and liquidity risk. 
Certain considerations associated with Interest Rate Securities 
An investment in Interest Rate Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment 
in a conventional debt security. On exercise of Interest Rate Securities, Securityholders will receive an 
amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying interest rate(s). Accordingly, an 
investment in Interest Rate Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the 
underlying interest rate and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Certain considerations associated with Govies Securities 
An investment in Govies Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the relevant 
government/supranational bond. The movements in the value of such bond or in its yield may be 
affected by economic, financial and political events in the relevant country or regional area. The credit 
ratings of the relevant country may change and any ratings downgrade could adversely affect the value 
of the underlying bond and, therefore, the value of the Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Combined Securities

--- Page 39 ---
39 
An investment in Combined Securities will entail significant risks depending on the specific underlying 
assets. The risk associated with the aforementioned types should be considered in accordance with the 
specific financial assets of each issue and investors should take advice accordingly. 
2.3 
Specific risks related to Certificates 
Loss risk in relation to the investment 
Securityholders shall consider that, in relation to their investment, there is a risk of loss of the capital 
invested depending on the features of the Securities and, unless the relevant Values are set as 
predetermined values in the applicable Final Terms, on the performance of the Underlying. In 
particular, if the relevant Final Terms provides a Barrier Level, the investor shall consider that, in the 
event of a negative performance of the Underlying at the Valuation Date or a negative Spread or a 
negative Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), in the event a Barrier 
Event or a Barrier Gap Event (in the case of Gap Certificates) has occurred, a loss will occur in respect 
of the capital invested. If the Final Reference Value of the Underlying is equal to zero, the investor 
might suffer a total loss of the capital. Moreover, if prior to the exercise the investor decides to 
terminate the investment in the Certificates, the investor might be subject to the loss of the value of the 
certificate and, therefore, might be subject to the total or partial loss of the investment. 
Risk related to the determination of the Multiplier or the Initial Reference Value 
The Securities may have a determination of the Multiplier that may increase or decrease the percentage 
of the Underlying(s) used to determine the amount(s) payable or deliverable to investors. In such case, 
investors should consider that, due to the determination of the Multiplier, the amount(s) payable or 
deliverable may be decreased. 
In addition, the Securities may have a determination of the Initial Reference Value whereby the 
percentage of the Value of the Underlying(s) to be considered is higher than, equal to or lower than 
100% of the Value of the Underlying on the Determination Date(s). In such case, investors should 
consider that, due to the determination of the Initial Reference Value, the amount(s) payable or 
deliverable may be decreased if (i) in relation to Securities with Long Strategy, the Initial Reference 
Value is calculated as a percentage of the Value of the Underlying higher than 100% or (ii) in relation 
to Securities with Short Strategy, the Initial Reference Value is calculated as a percentage of the Value 
of the Underlying lower than 100%. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities providing for the application of a cap  
The Securities may provide for the application of a maximum return payable to investors or of a 
maximum value or level to the relevant Underlying(s). 
In such case, the amounts payable to Securityholders will be subject to the predetermined maximum. If 
the relevant Underlying(s) outperforms the predetermined maximum, this will not be taken into 
consideration when calculating the amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
The Cash Settlement Amount or the Entitlement may be less than the value of an investment in the 
Securities 
Securityholders may receive the Cash Settlement Amount and/or physical delivery of the Deliverable 
Asset and, if any, the payment of the Residual Amount (the quantities of which are determined by 
reference to the Entitlement), the aggregate value of which may be less than the value of the

--- Page 40 ---
40
Securityholder's investment in the relevant Securities. In certain circumstances Securityholders may 
lose the entire value of their investment. 
Risk related to a protection level lower than 100% or a protection amount lower than the Issue Price 
The Certificates may provide a protection level or a protection amount. The protection level represents 
the protection percentage of the Initial Reference Value of the Certificate and that the Cash Settlement 
Amount will not fall below such protection level. The protection amount represents the minimum 
amount of Cash Settlement Amount that the Securityholders will receive. The lower the protection level 
or the protection amount, the higher the loss (if any) that the Securityholders might suffer given that the 
Issue Price of the Certificate will not be entirely protected and the Cash Settlement Amount at the 
Exercise Date might be lower than the Issue Price. 
Exchange Rate risk related to the absence of a Quanto Option  
The investment in Cash Settled Securities which do not provide a Quanto Option (i.e. Non Quanto 
Securities) when the Underlying Reference Currency of the underlying asset differs from the Settlement 
Currency may entail risks related to the exchange rate.  
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or 
Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment and the relevant events will be determined by 
exchanging the Underlying Reference Currency in the Settlement Currency at the applicable Exchange 
Rate. Therefore, without a Quanto Option, any adverse variation of the Exchange Rate might frustrate 
either the performance of the underlying asset at maturity and the returns linked to a remuneration 
amount and might determine a loss of the capital invested.  
In the case of Cash Settled Securities without a Quanto Option (i.e. Non Quanto Securities), any 
adverse variation of the exchange rate might also reduce the effect of total or partial protection on the 
capital invested (depending on the structure of the product) represented by such protection. In fact, the 
Cash Settlement Amount at the maturity (and, therefore, the protection level that is part of the 
calculation of such amount of Settlement, subject to certain conditions) shall be determined by 
exchanging the Underlying Reference Currency into the Settlement Currency at the applicable 
Exchange Rate with the consequence of suffering the decrease in value of the Underlying Reference 
Currency of the underlying asset in respect of the Settlement Currency.  
Conversely, in case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency is in any case 
conventionally denominated in the Settlement Currency and the Exchange Rate is not applicable and 
therefore the effects of the Exchange Rates on the amount paid in relation to the Securities are 
neutralised. However, it cannot be excluded that the variations on the Exchange Rates might have 
negative effects on the performance of the underlying asset and therefore, indirectly, also on the 
Securities with the Quanto Option. 
Risk relating to Dual Currency Securities 
An investment in Dual Currency Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. In particular, the Cash Settlement Amount and the 
Remuneration Amount(s) are payable in a currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
Settlement Currency) which is different from the currency in which the Certificates are denominated 
(the Issue Currency). 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in the Cash Settlement Amount and/or Remuneration Amount(s) and the timing of changes in the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
exchange rates may affect the actual return to investors. 
Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currencies (i.e. the Issue Currency and the 
Settlement Currency) will affect the value of Dual Currency Securities, and may determine a loss of the 
capital invested.  
Risk relating to Dual Currency FX Certificates 
An investment in Dual Currency FX Certificates will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. In particular, upon occurrence of a Barrier Event, the Cash 
Settlement Amount may be payable in a currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Dual 
Currency) which is different from the currency in which the Certificates are denominated (the Issue 
Currency). 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in the Cash Settlement Amount and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual 
return to investors. 
Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currencies (i.e. the Issue Currency and the Dual 
Currency) will affect the value of Dual Currency FX Certificates, and may determine a loss of the 
capital invested.  
Price risk and components that determine the value of the Certificates 
The Certificates are composed of a combination of several options and the Securityholder shall take 
into account that the value of the Certificates will depend on the value of each option composing the 
Certificate. The fluctuation over time of the value of each optional components (and therefore of the 
Certificates) mostly depends on the current value of the Underlying to which the Certificates relate and 
its volatility (unless the relevant Values are set as predetermined values in the applicable Final Terms), 
the residual life of the options composing the Certificates, the levels of the interest rates of the 
monetary markets, the expected dividends (in the case of Share Securities), the correlation (in the event 
that the underlying asset is a Basket or a Basket of Baskets) as well as the business of the Issuer of the 
underlying asset, speculative contractions and other factors. 
An increase in the value of the Underlying might determine an increase in the price of the Certificates. 
Moreover, such determinations are uncertain as the effect on the price of the Certificates is given by the 
implicit optional structure that takes into account the possibility that an event linked to the payment of a 
Remuneration Amount as well as a Barrier Event (or a Barrier Gap Event) may occur during the life of 
the certificate. Prior to the maturity of the Certificate, the value of the options might decrease and 
therefore it will affect the value of the Certificate or some of them might expire. 
The value of the Underlying may vary during the course of time and may increase or decrease as the 
consequence of several factors including corporate transactions, distribution of dividends, 
microeconomic factors and speculative negotiations. Changes in the value of the Underlying may affect 
the trading price of the Certificates but it not possible to foresee if the value of the Underlying will 
suffer from decreasing or increasing variations. Furthermore, the price of the Certificates might be 
influenced (in case of listing after offering) by the underwriting and/or placement commissions that will 
be paid to the Managers and/or the Lead Manager and/or the or distribution commissions that will be 
paid to the Distributor. The price of the Certificates might be negatively influenced by the worsening of 
the asset stability of the Issuer. 
Risk related to the Participation Factor, the Up Participation Factor and Down Participation Factor

--- Page 42 ---
42
If the Participation Factor, which is a value predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that 
may be lower than, equal to or higher than 100%, is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such 
Participation Factor determines the potential return of the Certificates. If it is lower than 100%, the 
Securityholders will partially benefit from the positive performance (or from the negative performance 
in case of Short Strategy) of the Underlying. 
If the Up Participation Factor and Down Participation Factor are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the return deriving from the positive performance of the Underlying (respectively, positive performance 
in case of Long Strategy and negative performance in case of Short Strategy) will depend on the Up 
Participation Factor, which may be lower than 100%. If it is lower than 100%, the Securityholders will 
partially benefit from the positive performance of the Underlying. Conversely, the return deriving from 
the negative performance of the Underlying (respectively, negative performance in case of Long 
Outperformance Certificates and positive performance in case of Short Outperformance Certificates) 
will depend on the Down Participation Factor, which may be higher than 100%. If it is higher than 
100%, the negative impact of the negative performance of the Underlying will be amplified. 
Risk related to a Remuneration Amount linked to the performance of an Underlying  
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more Remuneration Amounts, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The amount of any of such Remuneration Amount may be conditional upon 
the performance of one or more Underlyings. Securityholders should consider that if such Underlying/s 
does/do not perform in a way that benefits the value of the Certificates, they may not receive any 
remuneration during the life of the Certificates.  
Risk related to the Digital Level  
In relation to the Certificates, the Issuer may set, at its own discretion, one or more Digital Levels. If the 
Digital Level is set as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or of the Reference Value, 
Securityholders should consider that the higher the Digital Level is set in respect of the Initial 
Reference Value or of the Reference Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the 
possibility that a Digital Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Digital Amount will not be 
paid.  
In relation to the Cliquet Feature, the investor should also consider that the Digital Level might change 
in relation to one or more Digital Valuation Periods and, in relation to each Digital Level, a different 
Digital Amount may be provided. 
If an Up Range Digital Level and a Down Range Digital Level are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the possibility that a Digital Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Digital Amount 
will not be paid will depend on how the Up Range Digital Level and the Down Range Digital Level 
will be set by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether the value of the Underlying will be 
closer (in case it is represented by a value falling within the range) or more distant (in case it is 
represented by a value falling out of the range) in respect of the Initial Reference Value.  
Risk related to the Participation Remuneration Level  
In relation to the Certificates to be issued, the Issuer may set, at its own discretion, one or more 
Participation Remuneration Levels. If the Participation Remuneration Level is set as a percentage of the 
Initial Reference Value or of the Reference Value, Securityholders should consider that the higher the 
Participation Remuneration Level is set in respect of the Initial Reference Value or of the Reference 
Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility that a Participation 
Remuneration Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount

--- Page 43 ---
43 
will not be paid.  
In relation to the Cliquet Feature, the investors should also consider that the Participation Remuneration 
Level might change in relation to one or more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods.  
If an Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and a Down Range Participation Remuneration Level 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the possibility that a Participation Remuneration Event will 
not occur and therefore that the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount will not be paid will 
depend on how the Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and the Down Range Participation 
Remuneration Level will be set by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether the value of 
the Underlying will be closer (in case it is represented by a value falling within the range) or more 
distant (in case it is represented by a value falling out of the range) in respect of the Initial Reference 
Value.  
Risk related to the Knock-out Feature 
In relation to any Remuneration Amount, a Knock-out Feature may be applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In this case, if the Knock-out Event occurs, the Remuneration Amount provided 
in relation to either such Knock-out Valuation Period and/or the valuation period(s) following such 
Knock-out Valuation Period will be deactivated and will not be paid. In relation to the Knock-out 
Feature, the Issuer will set, at its own discretion, one or more Knock-out Levels higher, equal or lower 
than the Initial Reference Value of the relevant underlying asset. In particular, the closer the Knock-out 
Level is set in respect of the Initial Reference Value, the greater the possibility that a Knock-out Event 
will occur and therefore that the relevant Remuneration Amount will not be paid.  
Risk related to the Knock-in Feature 
In relation to any Remuneration Amount, a Knock-in Feature may be applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In this case, if the Knock-in Event does not occur, the Remuneration Amount 
provided will not be activated and therefore will not be paid. In relation to the Knock-in Feature, the 
Issuer will set, at its own discretion, one or more Knock-in Levels higher, equal or lower than the Initial 
Reference Value of the relevant underlying asset. In particular, the higher the Knock-in Level is set in 
respect of the Initial Reference Value (or the lower, in case of Short Strategy), the greater the possibility 
that a Knock-in Event will not occur and therefore that the relevant Remuneration Amount will not be 
paid.  
Risk related to the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Certificates will be redeemed earlier than the Exercise Date 
(and therefore terminated). In such case, the Securityholders will receive the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date and no other amounts will be paid. Investors should 
consider that the Early Redemption Amount to be paid to the Securityholder may be either an amount 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms or an amount that will depend on the value of 
the relevant underlying asset.  
If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, 
such amount will not depend on the value of the relevant underlying asset and, therefore, the potential 
positive performance (or the negative performance, in case of Short Strategy) of such underlying asset 
will not be considered. If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount that depends on the value of the 
relevant underlying asset, the investor shall consider that there is a risk of loss of the capital invested 
depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In addition, in the event that the relevant 
underlying asset is registering a positive performance when and Early Redemption Event occurs,

--- Page 44 ---
44
investors should consider that it may not be possible to reinvest in such underlying asset at the same 
conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Certificates. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, investors should also consider that there is a risk of total loss of the 
capital invested depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if an Early 
Redemption Event occurs, the Certificates will be exercised automatically and will expire worthless 
immediately. The Securityholder will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will 
be always equal to 0 (zero). 
Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the Underlying will be 
observed on a continuous basis and the probability that an Early Redemption Event occurs may be 
magnified. 
Risk related to the Early Partial Capital Payment  
The Securities may provide for the application of an Early Partial Capital Payment. In such case, the 
Securityholder will receive part of the Issue Price on the Early Partial Capital Payment Date specified 
in the Final Terms. 
The investors should therefore consider that, in relation to their investment, the Cash Settlement 
Amount will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the relevant Early Partial Capital 
Payment Date. Therefore, Early Partial Capital Payment might frustrate investment strategies pursued 
by the investors, by reducing their exposure (proportionately to the Early Partial Capital Payment 
Amount paid from time to time) to any potential gain arising out of the positive performance of the 
Underlying.  
Risk related to the Barrier Event and the Barrier Gap Event 
The Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event (in the case of Gap Certificates) indicates the achievement 
by one or more underlying assets of a value equal to, higher than or lower than the Barrier Level or 
below the Lower Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level, or the Barrier Gap Level, 
respectively, on the Barrier Event Determination Period (or/and on a Valuation Date) or on a Barrier 
Gap Observation Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap 
Event occurs, the Cash Settlement Amount will be determined in accordance with a calculation method 
other than the calculation method applicable if the Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event does not 
occur and such circumstance may have a negative influence on the price. For example, if the relevant 
Final Terms do not provide a Protection Level or an Air Bag Factor or other similar features, upon 
occurrence of the Barrier Event, the Cash Settlement Amount will be linked only to the performance of 
the underlying asset. This may entail the risk of partial or total loss of the investment.  
The Securityholder shall consider that the occurrence of a Barrier Event or the Barrier Gap Event will 
also depend on the volatility of the underlying asset i.e. the more frequent and intense the fluctuations 
in the value of the underlying asset during the life of the Certificates are, the higher the volatility will be 
and the greater the chance that the value of the underlying asset will reach the Barrier Level or the 
Barrier Gap Level and therefore a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event will occur. In relation to the 
Certificates to be issued, the Issuer might set, at its own discretion, a Barrier Level or a Barrier Gap 
Level. 
Furthermore, if the value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the underlying asset(s) will 
be observed on a continuous basis and the probability that a Barrier Event or a Barrier Gap Event 
occurs may be magnified. 
Finally, if the applicable Final Terms provide for the payment of one or more Premium Gap Amount

--- Page 45 ---
45 
payable to the Securityholders during the life of the Gap Certificates, the investor should consider that 
after the occurrence of the Barrier Gap Event the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis 
of the actual number of days within the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis 
of all the days of the relevant Premium Determination Period and after the payment of the Premium 
Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium Payment Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date 
on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the 
Securityholders. 
Risk related to the Predetermined Loss Percentage  
In relation to the Certificates, the Predetermined Loss Percentage option may be also included together 
with the Barrier Level. If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Cash Settlement Amount will depend on the 
Predetermined Loss Percentage. Consequently, the lower the Predetermined Loss Percentage the 
smaller the Cash Settlement Amount that the Securityholders will receive on the Settlement Date. 
Risk related to Digital Certificates 
The investor shall consider that, in relation to the Digital Certificates, there is a risk of total loss of the 
capital invested depending on the performance of the underlying asset. In particular, if the Settlement 
Event does not occur, the Securityholders will not receive any Settlement Amount and will lose the 
entire capital invested.  
Furthermore, if a Settlement Event occurs, the Cash Settlement Amount to be paid to the Securityholder 
will not depend on the value of the Underlying, but it will be a predetermined amount dependant on a 
percentage of the Issue Price specified as "Digital Percentage" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Risk related to the Best Of Feature and Worst Of Feature 
In relation to the Best Of Feature, for the purposes of the calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or a 
Remuneration Amount and/or the determination of the Early Redemption Event, the Issuer will indicate 
in the relevant Final Terms whether it will be considered the underlying financial asset with the first 
best Performance, second best Performance, third best Performance, or n-th best Performance. 
In the case of Best Of Feature, the lower the Issuer selects the performance among the financial 
activities (First Best Of, Second Best Of, etc.), the lower will be the amount that the Securityholders 
will receive.  
In relation to the Worst Of Feature, for the purposes of the calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or 
a Remuneration Amount and/or the determination of the Early Redemption Event, the Issuer will 
indicate in the relevant Final Terms whether it will be considered the underlying financial asset with the 
first worst Performance, second worst Performance, third worst Performance, or n-th worst 
Performance.  
In the case of Worst Of Feature, the higher the Issuer selects the performance among the financial 
activities (First Worst Of, Second Worst Of, etc.), the lower will be the amount that the Securityholders 
will receive. 
Risk related to Baskets – Risk related to the Rainbow Feature – Correlation risk 
The investor shall take into account that in the case of a Basket, the value and the return of the 
Certificates depends on the value of each Basket Constituents, the weighting allocated to each Basket 
Constituents and the correlation between the Basket Constituent. The investor shall consider that in the 
case of a Basket, a different weighting allocated to the Basket Constituents entails a higher or lower 
value of the Basket. In the case of a Rainbow Feature, unlike the financial instruments that normally are

--- Page 46 ---
46
linked to one or more Basket(s), the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms (i) the financial 
assets that represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) the relative weighting within the Basket without a 
preliminary indication of the relevant allocation to a specific financial asset and (iii) the predetermined 
criteria pursuant to which the allocation among the weights will be made by the Calculation Agent 
(providing, for instance, in a Basket composed of three financial assets, the Basket would be weighted 
as follows: 50% for the Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the Basket Constituent 
with the worst performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best performance). For 
each determination period (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date) the Calculation 
Agent will allocate the weights to the relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance 
recorded in that relevant determination period and in accordance with the objective criteria provided in 
the relevant Final Terms. The allocation of the weights might result differently on each determination 
date pursuant to the performance of each Basket Constituents. Once the Calculation Agent has 
determined the weighting of the Basket on the relevant determination date, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the total value of the Basket in accordance with the methods applied for the financial 
instruments normally linked to the Baskets. Therefore the Rainbow Feature entails that the Basket will 
have a variable weighting for all the life of the Certificates depending on the performance of the Basket 
Constituents and, consequently, it will affect the total value of the Basket. The investor shall consider 
that in the case of Rainbow Feature, upon variation of even only one Basket Constituent, the Reference 
Value of Basket recorded on a determination date might be completely different from a Reference 
Value recorded on a prior date. 
Furthermore, the higher the correlation between the Basket Constituents the higher the volatility of the 
value of the Basket and therefore the price of the Certificates. In particular, it will broaden on account 
of the bullish and bearish effects of the Basket Constituents on the value of such Basket. 
Risk related to management fees applied by the Issuer  
The Issuer may apply to Benchmark Certificates an Annual Management Fee1 ("AMF1") or an Annual 
Management Fee2 ("AMF2") that will be determined on the basis, respectively, of the AMF1 
Percentage or of the AMF2 Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such fees will accrue 
gradually and proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates and will not be affected in any way by the 
performance of the Underlying. The AMF1 or the AMF2 will be deducted from the Cash Settlement 
Amount and, in case of listing of the Certificates on an exchange, the price of the Certificates for 
trading purposes will include the AMF1 or the AMF2 gradually accrued on each Exchange Business 
Day.  
Moreover, the Issuer may also apply to Benchmark Certificates or to Constant Leverage Certificates a 
Variable Management Fee ("VMF"), whose VMF Percentagex (specified as a range in the relevant 
Final Terms) may vary during the life of the Certificates. Any variation of the VMF Percentagex will be 
published by the Issuer on its website and by appropriate communication to the relevant exchange 
where the Certificates are listed/traded. The VMF will be deducted from the Cash Settlement Amount 
and, in case of listing of the Certificates on an exchange, the price of the Certificates will include such 
VMF, as accrued progressively. 
Prospective investors should consider that, if the AMF1 or the AMF2 are applicable (in case of 
Benchmark Certificates) or the VMF is applicable (in case of Benchmark Certificates or Constant 
Leverage Certificates), pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, the daily value of the Certificates will be 
affected by such fees and, consequently, at maturity, the positive (or negative) performance of the 
Underlying during the life of the Certificates shall be considered net of the AMF1 or of the AMF2 or 
net of the VMF.  
Risks related to Turbo Certificates 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, the return on the Securities depends on the performance of the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Underlying(s) and whether early redemption features apply. Additionally, the return may depend on 
other market factors such as interest rates, the implied volatility of the Underlying(s) and the time 
remaining until redemption. Turbo Certificates include a leverage feature that magnifies gains and 
losses. If the Underlying moves against expectations, Securityholders risk losing a greater proportion of 
their investment than if they had invested in a Security that is not leveraged. As a consequence, 
investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
Risks related to Reverse Split 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant Leverage Certificates, if Reverse 
Split is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, investors should also be aware that the 
Issuer may, at its discretion, perform the Reverse Split. In such case the number of Certificates will be 
aggregated and these Certificates will be converted into a smaller number of Certificates calculated by 
dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio. Although Reverse Splits 
are intended to provide additional liquidity to holders and to prevent the forced liquidation (and 
therefore complete exit) of a Certificate, Securityholders of such Certificates should be aware that if 
such conversion entitles the Securityholder to a fraction of a Certificate, such fraction will be settled in 
cash. 
Risks related to Constant Leverage Certificates 
Constant Leverage Certificates are financial instruments without capital protection and the return on the 
Certificates depends, in case of Type A Constant Leverage Certificates, on the performance of a 
reference asset (i.e. the Reference Underlying) to which the index sponsor of the Index used as 
Underlying applies the Index Leverage Factor (with an upward or downward strategy) in order to 
calculate the Value of such Underlying and, in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and 
Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, on the performance of the Underlying to which a 
Constant Leverage Factor applies (with an upward or downward strategy). 
In case of Type A Constant Leverage Certificates, in the event of significant and adverse changes in the 
performance of the Reference Underlying, an intra-day recalculation mechanism (intra-day reset) is 
provided by the index sponsor to prevent that the value of the Index used as Underlying will become 
negative due to the Index Leverage Factor. Specifically, when the performance of the Reference 
Underlying is lower (in case of Underlying with long leverage) or higher (in case of Underlying with 
short leverage) than a certain threshold (i.e. the Trigger Value), the index sponsor of the Index used as 
Underlying sets a new base value for the calculation of the daily performance of the Reference 
Underlying and, consequently, will result in an adjustment of the value of the of the Index used as 
Underlying. Therefore, in such case the performance of the of the Index used as Underlying could differ 
significantly from the performance of the Reference Underlying multiplied by the Index Leverage 
Factor. Investors should be aware that following the intra-day reset made by the index sponsor, the 
Certificates may price at a lower level than the last price recorded by the Certificate and, therefore, any 
subsequent recovery of potential losses may be difficult. 
In case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage 
Certificates, in the event of significant and adverse changes in the performance of the Underlying, an 
Intraday Reset Event is provided to prevent that the Payout Value Long or the Payout Value Short will 
become negative due to the Constant Leverage Factor. Specifically, when the performance of the 
Underlying is lower (in case of Long Constant Leverage Certificates) or higher (in case of Short 
Constant Leverage Certificates) than the Trigger Value, the Calculation Agent sets a new base value for 
the calculation of the daily performance of the Underlying and, consequently, will result in an 
adjustment of the value of the Certificates. Therefore, in such case the performance of the Certificates

--- Page 48 ---
48
could differ significantly from the performance of the Underlying multiplied by the Constant Leverage 
Factor. Investors should be aware that following the Intraday Reset Event, the Certificates may price at 
a level lower than the last price recorded by the Certificate and, therefore, any subsequent recovery of 
potential losses may be difficult. 
The calculation of the value of the Underlying by the relevant index sponsor of the Index used as 
Underlying is based on the daily performance of the Reference Underlying (in case of Type A Constant 
Leverage Certificates) or the calculation of the Payout Value Long or the Payout Value Short by the 
Calculation Agent (in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short Constant 
Leverage Certificates), takes also into consideration certain figurative financial costs (in case of Type A 
Constant Leverage Certificates) or Cost Component (in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage 
Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates). Therefore, investors should be also 
aware that the performance of the Underlying/Certificates will be different from the performance of the 
Reference Underlying multiplied by the Index Leverage Factor (in case of Type A Constant Leverage 
Certificates) or of the Underlying multiplied by the Constant Leverage Factor (in case of Type B Long 
Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates).  
The performance of Constant Leverage Certificates over a period longer than one day may be derived 
from the compounded daily performance of the relevant Reference Underlying as calculated by the 
relevant index sponsor (in case of Type A Constant Leverage Certificates) or of the relevant Underlying 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent (in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and 
Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates). Therefore, their performance could differ significantly 
from the performance of the Reference Underlying multiplied by the Index Leverage Factor (in case of 
Type A Constant Leverage Certificates) or of the relevant Underlying multiplied by the Constant 
Leverage Factor (in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short Constant 
Leverage Certificates) during that period. The investors shall take into account that they are exposed to 
the risk that an investment in Constant Leverage Certificates may perform worse than a direct 
investment in the relevant Reference Underlying/Underlying and such risk increases the longer the 
period that Securityholders hold Constant Leverage Certificates and the more volatility the Reference 
Underlying/Underlying experiences during the holding period.  
Constant Leverage Certificates are generally suited to short term investments intraday or over a few 
days. Investments held for a longer period of time may be affected by volatile market conditions which 
may have a negative impact on the performance of the Underlying. As a consequence, investors may be 
exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment.  
Moreover, investors should also consider that the Constant Leverage Certificates provide for a fee 
charged to the Securityholders called Variable Management Fee or VMFt which is calculated by 
applying a predetermined formula that takes into account the AMF Percentage and the VMF 
Percentage. Being calculated progressively and daily, it affects the market value of the Certificate 
throughout its entire life. Therefore, the Securityholders will receive a settlement amount linked to the 
performance of the Underlying (in case of Type A Constant Leverage Certificates) or linked to the 
Payout Value Long or the Payout Value Short (in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates 
and Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates) that, however, will be reduced by the application of 
such Variable Management Fee. 
Risk related to the Restrike Feature 
In relation to the Restrike Feature, if a Restrike Event has occurred, the Initial Reference Value will be 
recalculated and set at the Restrike Percentage. Therefore, the amounts that the Securityholders may 
receive, in case of Restrike Feature and upon occurrence of the Restrike Event, depend on the Restrike 
Percentage defined in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Risk related to the Call Option 
Prospective investors should consider that if the Certificates will be exercised upon the exercise of the 
Call Option by the Issuer. Therefore, the exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer might frustrate long 
term investment strategies pursued by the investors.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the exercise 
of the Call Option by the Issuer may be subject to particular restrictions prescribed by the applicable 
laws and regulations at the relevant time, as described in Risk Factor “Early redemption and 
repurchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may be restricted” below. 
Risk related to the early exercise of the Certificates following a MREL Disqualification Event  
If the Securities qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of the issuance and subsequently 
become ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements, then a MREL Disqualification Event will 
occur.  
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of such Certificates, 
the Issuer in its discretion may redeem all, but not some only, of the Certificates of such Series.  
If the Issuer should redeem such Certificates, the Securityholders will receive an amount which shall be 
equal to the fair market value of the Certificates (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities). 
Such Certificates may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL 
eligible liabilities may be restricted" below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, 
or a change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the 
Issue Date of the Certificates initially qualified as MREL eligible liabilities, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Certificates are or will be excluded fully or partially from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In such case the Securityholders may be exposed to the risk that, due to the early redemption, their 
investment may have a lower than expected potential return and that it may not be possible to reinvest 
the amount received at the same conditions applied to the initial investment made in the Certificates. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Certificates which qualify as MREL eligible liabilities may 
be restricted 
Any early redemption or repurchase of Certificates intended to qualify as eligible liabilities under the 
MREL Requirements, is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant time, 
including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Securities at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
The new regulatory framework, set out in Articles 77 and 78a of CRR II, provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall grant permission to call, redeem, repay or repurchase liabilities that are 
eligible to meet the MREL Requirements (eligible liabilities instruments), prior their contractual 
maturity.

--- Page 50 ---
50
In particular, according to such provisions the relevant resolution authority would approve an early 
redemption of the eligible liabilities in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the applicable 
MREL Requirements by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the applicable MREL Requirements 
actions for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the applicable laws and regulations, as adopted by the Republic of Italy. 
The BRRD II, the SRMR II and CRR II have been recently adopted and there are still some provisions 
related to Article 78a CRR II that need to be specified in Regulatory Technical Standards ("RTS") to be 
adopted by the European Banking Authority ("EBA"). The RTS require the EBA to develop the 
procedure — in terms of coordination between competent and resolution authorities, timelines and 
information — for relevant resolution authorities to follow to provide prior permission to banks to 
replace or reduce eligible liabilities instruments. Such new regulatory framework recently adopted 
leaves uncertainty as to its interpretation in the relevant Member States. 
Risks related to Certificates qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL 
Requirements which may be subject to modification without the Securityholders’ consent  
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Certificates qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements and/or 
(ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the 
Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the competent authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Securities of that 
Series), at any time vary the terms of such Securities so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Certificates (as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any 
right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Certificates are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Securityholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the Securities qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL 
Requirements. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Securityholders. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
varied securities could be different for some categories of Securityholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the securities prior to such variation. 
Risk related to the Accumulated Amount's payment contingent upon occurrence of an Early

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Redemption Event 
If an Early Redemption Level is applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified in such 
Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event. As a result, even if one or more Accumulating Events have occurred, the Securityholders will 
not receive any Accumulated Amount unless an Early Redemption Event has occurred.  
Risks associated with Certificates with Open End Feature  
Certificates with Open End Feature do not have a pre-determined Exercise Date and may be redeemed 
upon exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer or the exercise of the Put Option by the Securityholders, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Investment in Certificates with Open End Feature will entail 
additional risks compared with other Certificates, due to the fact that they do not have a prescribed 
tenor and Securityholders may receive a lower return than expected and depending on when the 
Certificates with Open End Feature are redeemed.   
Risk related to the Strike Percentage  
If the Cash Settlement Amount is calculated also on the basis of the Strike Percentage, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 
100%, such Strike Percentage contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Certificates. 
If it is higher than 100%, the positive performance of the Underlying will be considered partially in 
order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of negative performance of the 
Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is equal to or higher than 100% the Cash Settlement Amount will 
be equal to zero. 
Impact of running structuring fees on the value of the Securities 
Investors should also note that running structuring fees may be applied by the Issuer in respect of the 
value of the Securities. 
Such running structuring fees will not be affected in any way by the performance of the relevant 
Underlying. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the running structuring fee (and, in the case, how 
such structuring fee will be charged). Prospective investors should consider that, if the running 
structuring fees are applicable, the value of the Securities will be affected by such fees also on the 
secondary markets.  
Impact of running commissions and costs on the value of the Securities 
Investors should be aware that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, there may be running 
commissions/costs, fixed or variable. In this case, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
applicable details of such commissions/costs and to whom they will be due, if applicable. 
Prospective investors should consider that, if the running commissions/costs are applicable, the value of 
the Securities will be affected by such commissions/costs also on the secondary markets.  
Certificates issued as "Green Certificates", "Social Certificates", "Sustainability Certificates" or 
"Climate Certificates" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets or social assets or sustainable assets

--- Page 52 ---
52
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Certificates under the Programme 
described as "green" ("Green Certificates"), "climate" ("Climate Certificates"), "social" ("Social 
Certificates"), "sustainability" ("Sustainability Certificates") in accordance with the principles set out 
by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles 
("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), or in 
accordance with the Climate Bonds Standard set out by the Climate Bonds Initiative.  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the 
Offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Certificates 
together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of 
that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or 
the Manager that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or 
combination of any green and social project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation")) 
and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and 
mitigation objectives (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts") approved in principle by the 
EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the ("EU Taxonomy Framework")) or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects). On 9 December 2021, a first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change 
mitigation and adaptation objectives of the EU Taxonomy ("Climate Delegated Act") was published in 
the Official Journal and is applicable from 1 January 2022. On 6 July 2021 the European Commission 
adopted the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation (“Disclosure 
Delegated Act”) which was then published in the Official Journal on 10 December 2021 and is 
applicable since January 2022. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and presentation 
of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities. On 
9 March 2022, the European Commission adopted a complementary climate delegated act including, 
under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities 
covered by the EU taxonomy. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and is applicable 
from January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate 
and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, 
including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. On 21 November 2023, a delegated act and annexes 
containing the technical screening criteria of the remaining four environmental objectives and the 
amendments to the Disclosure Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal; on the same day, a 
delegated act amending the Climate Delegated Act, was published in the Official Journal. 
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final 
report on a future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). In the context 
of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission 
launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and 
consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group and has run between 12 June and 2 
October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published the Commission Work 
Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the 
second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative 
proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds

--- Page 53 ---
53 
raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Taxonomy (as defined below); (ii) 
full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the 
ESMA and subject to its supervision. The European Commission, the European Council and the 
European Parliament entered into trilogue negotiations and reached a provisional agreement on 28 
February 2023 on the legislative proposal for an EU Green Bond Standard introducing a voluntary 
standard. On 10 May 2023, a version of the regulation adopted by the legislative bodies of the European 
Union was published. Finally, on 30 November 2023, the regulation on the “European Green Bonds 
and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-
linked bonds” was published in the Official Journal (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”); the 
Regulation has entered into force on 20 December 2023 and applied from 21 December 2024, with a 
transition period for certain requirements until 21 June 2026. 
The securities issued, as Green Certificates, under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for 
the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer 
under any obligation to take steps to have any such green bonds become eligible for such designation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a 
"sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is 
nevertheless subject to further developments. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social project, as the case 
may be, towards which proceeds of the Certificates are to be applied will meet the investor expectations 
regarding such "green" or "social" performance objectives (including those set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, 
SFDR – the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation EU 2019/2088 on sustainability related 
disclosures in the financial services sector – and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any 
similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or combination of any green 
and social project.  
Further, no assurance can be given that Eligible Loans (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) will 
meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar 
labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening 
criteria, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the 
United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Green 
Certificates issued under the Programme are only intended to comply with the requirements and 
processes in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and will not be compliant 
with the EU Bond Regulation. It is yet to be verified whether the establishment under the EU Green 
Bond Regulation of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as 
"environmentally sustainable" could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use 
of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional 
disclosures regime, such as the Green Certificates issued under this Programme. Should there be an 
impact, it could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Green Certificates issued under this Programme that do not comply with the standards under the 
EU Green Bond Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social 
Certificates, Green Certificates, Climate Certificates or Sustainability Certificates in, or substantially in,

--- Page 54 ---
54
the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low 
carbon, social or combination of any green and social projects (either resulting from the original 
application of the proceeds of the Certificates or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the 
case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green 
Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social 
or combination of any green and social projects will be completed within any specified period or at all 
or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, or that the originally 
designated green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social project (or any project(s) 
resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green 
Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates) will not be 
disqualified as such. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Loans to allow for 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green/Social/Sustainable 
Certificates in full. 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green/Social/Sustainable Certificates which, 
from time to time, are not allocated as funding for Eligible Loans is intended by the Issuer to be held 
pending allocation. 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may 
be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of such Green Certificates, Climate 
Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base 
Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green/Social/Sustainable Certificates 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Certificates, Climate 
Certificates, Social Certificates and Sustainability Certificates, the Issuer may request a sustainability 
rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the 
relevant green and/or low carbon and/or social and/or combination of any green and social project, as 
the case may be, have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, 
social and combination of any green and social projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG 
and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Certificates as an investment in 
connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, 
a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Certificates or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the 
net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or 
Sustainability Certificates. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold the relevant Green Certificates or Climate Certificates or Social Certificates or Sustainability 
Certificates and would only be current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or considerations 
that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may 
change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Certificates, Climate Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable 
assets.  
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any Second-party Opinion 
or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Certificates issued as 
"Green Certificates", "Social Certificates", "Sustainability Certificates" or "Climate Certificates". For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus. Any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Managers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Certificates and is current only as of the date 
it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of any such Second-party Opinion 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. 
No assurance that Green/Social/Sustainable Certificates will be admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any 
admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Certificates are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Managers or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is 
required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Managers or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Certificates or that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Certificates. 
ESG Ratings 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Certificates and are only current 
as of the dates on which they were initially issued. ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Certificates. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are 
not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of 
ESG ratings. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG rating 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
2.4 
Specific risks related to Warrants 
Loss risk in relation to the Covered Warrants 
An investment in Covered Warrants entails the risk of loss of the capital invested.  
In relation to Call Covered Warrants, in case of negative performance of the Underlying, if the Final 
Reference Value is lower than the Exercise Price, Securityholders will bear a total loss of the capital 
invested. Furthermore, if the Final Reference Value is higher than the Exercise Price, but not enough to 
offset the price paid for the purchase of the Covered Warrants, Securityholders will bear a partial loss 
of the capital invested.

--- Page 56 ---
56
In relation to Put Covered Warrants, in case of positive performance of the Underlying, if the Final 
Reference Value is higher than the Exercise Price, Securityholders will bear a total loss of the capital 
invested. Furthermore, if the Final Reference Value is lower than the Exercise Price, but not enough to 
offset the price paid for the purchase of the Covered Warrants, Securityholders will bear a partial loss 
of the capital invested. 
Risk related to the Exercise Price  
The Cash Settlement Amount of the Covered Warrants will be calculated also on the basis of the 
Exercise Price, which is a value either predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms or 
communicated to Securityholders on the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms through the 
relevant notice. Such Exercise Price contributes to the determination of the potential return of the 
Covered Warrants.  
Risk related to the Strike Percentage 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated on the basis of the Strike Percentage, which is a value 
predetermined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms that may be lower than, equal to or higher than 
100%. Such Strike Percentage contributes to the determination of the potential return of the Warrants.  
In particular, in relation to Call Warrants, if it is higher than 100%, the positive performance of the 
Underlying will be considered partially in order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, 
in case of negative performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is equal to or higher than 
100% the Cash Settlement Amount will be equal to zero. 
In relation to Put Warrants, if it is lower than 100%, the negative performance of the Underlying will be 
considered partially in order to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount. Furthermore, in case of positive 
performance of the Underlying, if the Strike Percentage is lower than 100% the Cash Settlement 
Amount will be equal to zero. 
Risk related to the Interest Rate Warrants 
Prospective investors should consider that the payment of the Floating Amount and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will depend, among other things, on the Interest Cap. In particular, such rate will be detracted 
from the Reference Rate, reducing therefore the potential amount of the Floating Amount and/or the 
Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be.  
The Floating Amount will also depend on the Notional Amount specified for the relevant Floating 
Amount Determination Period. In particular, the Notional Amount may vary on each Floating Amount 
Determination Period and the Floating Amount received at a later Floating Amount Payment Date may 
differ considerably from the Floating Amount received on the First Floating Amount Payment Date. 
Furthermore, for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount, also the Final Notional 
Amount is different from the Notional Amount considered for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Floating Amounts. 
Risk related to the Barrier Event (in case of Corridor Warrants) 
The Barrier Event indicates the achievement by one or more underlying assets of a value below the 
Lower Barrier Level or higher than the Upper Barrier Level, on the Barrier Event Determination Period. 
If a Barrier Event occurs, the term of the Securities will end immediately and the Securityholders will 
only receive the Corridor Early Amount which can be equal to zero. This may entail the risk of partial 
or total loss of the investment.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
The Securityholder shall consider that the occurrence of a Barrier Event will also depend on the 
volatility of the underlying asset i.e. the more frequent and intense the fluctuations in the value of the 
underlying asset during the life of the Warrants are, the higher the volatility will be and the greater the 
chance that the value of the underlying asset will be below the Lower Barrier Level or higher than the 
Upper Barrier Level and therefore a Barrier Event will occur. In relation to the Warrants to be issued, 
the Issuer might set, at its own discretion, the Lower Barrier Level and the Upper Barrier Level. 
The Barrier Event could occur on any day within the Barrier Valuation Period. Furthermore, if the 
value of the Underlying is calculated as Intraday Value, the underlying asset(s) will be observed on a 
continuous basis and the probability that a Barrier Event occurs may be magnified. 
Time lag after exercise 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time a Warrant holder 
gives instructions to exercise, or the time the Warrant is automatically exercised, and the time the 
applicable Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Securities) relating to 
such exercise is determined. Any such delay between the time of exercise and the determination of the 
Cash Settlement Amount will be specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. However, 
such delay could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of a delay in exercise of Warrants 
arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation (in the case of American Style Warrants), the 
occurrence of a market disruption event or failure to open of an exchange or related exchange (if 
applicable) or following the imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting 
the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Currency 
Warrants. The applicable Cash Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, 
and such movement or movements could decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants being 
exercised and may result in such Cash Settlement Amount being zero. 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, a Warrantholder must tender or hold a specified number 
of Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified 
minimum number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, 
incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of 
such Warrants incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants 
and the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Securities) or the 
Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement (in the case of Warrants that are Physical 
Delivery Securities) of such Warrants. 
Limitations on exercise 
In the case of American Style Warrants, if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
have the option to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable on any date (other than the 
final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in conjunction 
with such limitation, to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable by any person or 
group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of 
American Style Warrants being exercised on any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds such 
maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable on 
such date, a Warrant holder may not be able to exercise on such date all American Style Warrants that 
such holder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of American Style Warrants to be 
exercised on such date will be reduced until the total number of American Style Warrants exercised on 
such date no longer exceeds such maximum, such American Style Warrants being selected at the

--- Page 58 ---
58
discretion of the Issuer or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the American Style Warrants tendered for exercise but not 
exercised on such date will be automatically exercised on the next date on which American Style 
Warrants may be exercised, subject to the same daily maximum limitation and delayed exercise 
provisions. 
2.5 
Risks related to Securities generally 
Option to vary Settlement 
The Issuer may have an option to vary settlement in respect of the Securities, at its sole and unfettered 
discretion and may elect (1) not to pay the relevant Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount, but to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or (2) not to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement, but to make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the 
relevant Securityholders. 
Modification 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders 
including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Securityholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent 
of Securityholders, agree to (i) any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Securities 
or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or (ii) any 
modification of the Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Expenses and taxation 
A holder of Securities must pay all Expenses relating to such Securities. As used in the Conditions, 
Expenses means all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities 
transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of such Securities pursuant 
to the terms of such Securities as more fully set out in Condition 10. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security 
by any person and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding  
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru 
payments" (a term not yet defined) made two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury 
Regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment”, or later. This withholding would potentially 
apply to payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the 
"grandfathering date" which (A) with respect to Securities that give rise solely to foreign passthru 
payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining 
the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) with respect to Securities

--- Page 59 ---
59 
that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code as discussed below (and 
therefore do not give rise to foreign passthru payments), is the date that is six months after the date on 
which obligations of their type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or in either case 
are issued on or before the grandfathering date and are materially modified thereafter, and (ii) any 
Securities characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, 
whenever issued. If Securities are issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional Securities 
of the same series are issued after that date, the additional Securities may not be treated as 
grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Securities, including a negative 
impact on market price. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected that 
FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA 
may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to 
the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. FATCA also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial 
institution not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor 
that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose their custodians and intermediaries with 
care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and 
provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents 
that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA 
withholding. The Issuer’s obligations under the Securities are discharged once it has paid the common 
depositary for the clearing systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Securities) and the Issuer has 
therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing 
systems and custodians or intermediaries. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility 
that the Securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing 
systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA 
withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from payments on the 
Securities, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of 
the Securities, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such 
tax. As a result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected. Holders of Securities should 
consult their own tax advisers for a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may apply 
to payments they receive under the Securities. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Securities, and investors in the 
Securities is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthru payments" on the 
Securities or to Securities issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date may be addressed 
in the relevant Final Terms or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed an 
intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered into force on 
1st July 2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under these rules, the Issuer, 
as a reporting financial institution, will be required to collect and report certain information in respect 
of its account holders and investors to the Italian tax authorities, which would automatically exchange 
such information periodically with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Payments

--- Page 60 ---
60
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on certain 
“dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their scope instruments 
issued before calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with respect to underlying securities 
that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an “Underlying 
Security”). Subject to this pre-2021 exemption, Section 871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial 
instrument (a "Specified Security") if it meets either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) a 
"substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides certain 
exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based 
indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, as well as instruments 
that track such indices. If the terms of a financial instrument issued before calendar year 2021 (that is 
exempt from withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly modified" sometime 
after calendar year 2020 such that the financial instrument is treated as retired and reissued for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, it will lose this exemption. Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents 
will generally be required when cash payments are made on a Specified Security or upon the date of 
maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified Security. If U.S. Underlying 
Equities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally 
will still be required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to 
dividends. If the Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent determines that withholding is required, 
neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to amounts so withheld. 
Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your particular 
circumstances, including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an Underlying 
Security. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) of 
the Code to the Securities. 
Other taxation considerations 
It is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Securities on the date of purchase 
or subscription will be amended during the term of the Securities. If such amendments are made, the 
taxation regime applicable to the Securities may differ substantially from the taxation regime in 
existence on the date of purchase or subscription of the Securities. 
Illegality and cancellation 
If the Issuer determines that its performance under any Securities has, or that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer's obligations under any Securities have, become (i) illegal in whole or in part for any 
reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather 
conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state, impossible or impracticable, the Issuer 
may cancel such Securities. The Issuer may also cancel the Securities upon the occurrence of certain 
adjustment events as set out in Condition 15 (Market Disruption Events and Adjustment Events). If the 
Issuer cancels the Securities, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay 
an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such holder, equal to the fair 
market value the Securities (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities), notwithstanding such 
illegality, force majeure event or act of state, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in 
respect of such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion (such cost shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded Securities). Payment will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(Notices). 
Hedging disruption

--- Page 61 ---
61 
In respect of the Securities linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer or one of its affiliates may 
be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
equity price risk (or any other relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the currency risk) of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities; or (b) freely realize, recover, 
receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of hedge positions as the case may be between 
accounts within the jurisdiction of the hedge position (the "Affected Jurisdiction") or from accounts 
within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
In connection with such hedging activities, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may enter into transactions 
which may affect the liquidity or value of the Securities and which could be deemed to be adverse to 
the interests of the relevant Securityholders. 
If an Hedging Disruption occurs, the Calculation Agent may consider such event as a Termination 
Event and the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid an amount on the basis of the fair market value of the 
Securities (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities). 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging 
activities) related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Securities and other instruments 
or derivative products based on or related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any 
Security for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of the asset or other basis of 
reference underlying Securities. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may act as paying agent for the 
Italian Dematerialised Securities. In case of Fund Securities or in case of Index Securities when the 
Underlying is one or more fund indices, the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may have agreements in place 
with the Management Company or the Fund Manager (or the Index Sponsor) pursuant to which such 
entities have the obligation to provide the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, on a continuous basis, with the 
information of the Fund(s) (or of the funds composing the Index) that the Issuer is required to receive in 
order to apply the lookthrough approach pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book 
(FRTB). In such case, the Management Company or the Fund Manager (or the Index Sponsor) may be 
an Affiliate of the Issuer. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also act as underwriter in 
connection with future offerings of shares or other securities related to an issue of Securities or may act 
as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose shares are included in a basket of shares 
or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. Such activities could present certain conflicts 
of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and could adversely affect the 
value of such Securities. 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in 
respect of the Securities which could affect the amount payable by the Issuer on the Securities. In 
exercising its right to make such determinations the Calculation Agent is entitled to act in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent, potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders, including with respect to those determinations 
that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may influence the amount payable 
in relation to such Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
62
Any further conflict of interest, including conflicts between the Issuer and any Managers or Distributors 
will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk related to Physical Delivery Securities 
If the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities and 
Govies Securities), the Securityholder may receive the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the 
Entitlement, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In such case, the Securityholders will be exposed 
to the risk that the market value of the Deliverable Asset is less than the market value of the Securities. 
There is a risk of price losses of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement in the 
event that the Securityholders sell such Deliverable Asset. In particular, should the value of the 
Deliverable Asset constituting the Entitlement continues to fall between the time of its delivery and the 
sale by the Securityholder, the loss of the Securityholder increases accordingly, and Securityholders 
may not subsequently be able to realise any cash value from the assets comprising the Entitlement.  
Investors should also take into consideration that, the holding or sale of the Deliverable Asset may 
result in fees (for example, custody fees) or other costs which reduce the potential return or increase the 
loss of the Securityholder.   
Physical Delivery requirements and settlement risk 
In relation to Physical Delivery Securities, in order to receive the Entitlement, Securityholders shall 
follow the exercise procedures specified under Condition 19 (Exercise rights and procedures (only 
applicable to Warrants)) or Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to 
Certificates)) and detailed in the applicable Final Terms. Failure to do so will result (i) in the case of a 
Warrant where Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Warrant's becoming void or (ii) in the case of a Warrant where Automatic Exercise is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (iii) in the case of a Certificate, the Securityholder receiving the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount instead of the Entitlement. The Assessed Value Payment Amount will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the fair market value of the Deliverable Asset 
constituting part or all of the Entitlement. 
In connection with the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, unless otherwise indicated in the Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity has occurred. Any such determination may affect the value of the 
Securities and/or may delay settlement and/or lead to cash settlement rather than physical settlement in 
respect of the Securities. 
In particular, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Settlement Date, settlement will 
be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day on which no Settlement Disruption Event occurs. 
The Issuer in these circumstances has also the right to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount (as 
defined in the Conditions) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. Such a determination may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the relevant Securities since the Settlement Disruption Amount may be 
less than the fair market value of the Entitlement and could be less than the return that the investor had 
anticipated. 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of 
the Securities. If exercised by the Issuer, this option will lead to Physical Delivery Securities being cash 
settled or Cash Settled Securities being physically settled. Exercise of such option may affect the value 
of the Securities.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Exercise risk 
Exercise of the Securities is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents and the Calculation 
Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after 
using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, 
any of its Affiliates, the Security Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall under any 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to 
the performance of their duties in relation to the Certificates. 
European financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
Commission Proposal), for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating 
Member States)7. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's 
Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could 
include the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or 
modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is 
adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a 
derivative contract in the context of the relevant Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale 
of securities (such as charged assets) or the exercise/settlement of a warrant. The relevant Issuer is, in 
certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore 
this may result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Securities. It should also be 
noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and 
the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some 
uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market instruments 
and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Securityholders are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union 
 
7 Several EU Member States (e.g. France, Italy and Spain) have already introduced national FTTs.

--- Page 64 ---
64
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom (the "UK") held a referendum on the UK’s membership of the 
EU. The result of the referendum’s vote was to leave the EU and the UK Government invoked article 
50 of the Lisbon Treaty. On 24 January 2020, it was announced that the government of the UK and the 
EU had executed and entered into to a withdrawal agreement (the “Withdrawal Agreement”). On 29 
January 2020, the European Parliament voted to consent to the Withdrawal Agreement, and on 30 
January 2020, the European Council (the "EU Council") adopted, by written procedure, the decision on 
the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement on behalf of the EU. On 31 January 2020, upon the United 
Kingdom’s exit from the EU, the Withdrawal Agreement entered into force. A transition period begins 
following the date of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal until 31 December 2020 (the “Transition 
Period”). During the Transition Period, the UK was bound by EU rules despite not being its member 
state and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the UK's relationship with the 
EU were being negotiated. 
On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK reached an agreement on the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the principles of the 
relationship between the EU and the UK following the end of the Transition Period. The Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement was signed on 30 December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has 
provisional application until the EU and UK complete their ratification procedures. On 29 April 2021, 
the EU Council ratified the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial 
services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. Notwithstanding the conclusion of the 
Withdrawal Agreement, the application of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement by the EU and the 
UK and the implementation by the UK of retained EU law, there remain significant uncertainties with 
regard to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU. 
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship 
with the European Union and the negotiation of the UK's exit terms and related matters may take 
several years. Given this uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes, it is not currently possible to 
determine the impact that the referendum, the UK's departure from the European Union and/or any 
related matters may have on general economic conditions in the UK and the European Union. It is also 
not possible to determine the impact that these matters will have on the Issuer or any other party to the 
transaction documents, or on the regulatory position of any such entity or of the transactions 
contemplated by the transaction documents under EU regulation or more generally. 
Legal risks  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
Each prospective purchaser of Securities must determine, based on its own independent review and 
such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Securities (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Securities as 
principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is 
acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. Potential investors should consult 
with their own tax, legal, accounting and/or financial advisers before considering investing in the 
Securities. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Securities are legal investments for it, (2) Securities can be

--- Page 65 ---
65 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
No reliance 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Securities or as 
to the other matters referred to above. None of the Issuer, the Managers, if any, or any of their 
respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Securities 
by a prospective purchaser of the Securities, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
2.6 
Risks related to the offer to the public and/or admission of the Securities to trading on a 
regulated market  
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue Price / Offer Price  
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement commissions/distribution commissions, 
structuring fees) may be a component of the Issue Price / Offer Price of the Securities, but such fees 
will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Securities in the 
secondary market. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are 
applicable from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Securities are sold on the secondary market 
immediately following the offer period relating to such Securities, the implicit fees included in the Issue 
Price /Offer Price on initial subscription for such Securities will be deducted from the price at which 
such Securities may be sold in the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with Offers of Securities 
If Securities are distributed by means of an Offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to 
withdraw the Offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the 
terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant 
Securities will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but (in the case of Certificates) will not 
receive any remuneration that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of 
subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Securities. 
Possible illiquidity of the Securities in the secondary market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market or whether 
such market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading 
Securities on a stock exchange or market. If the Securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any 
exchange or market, pricing information for the Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the 
liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected. If the Issuer does list or admit to trading an issue

--- Page 66 ---
66
of Securities, there can be no assurance that at a later date, the Securities will not be delisted or that 
trading on such exchange or market will not be suspended. In the event of a delisting or suspension of 
listing or trading on a stock exchange or market, the Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to list or admit 
to trading the Securities on another exchange or market. Also, (in the case of Warrants) to the extent 
Warrants of a particular issue are exercised, the number of Warrants of such issue outstanding will 
decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Warrants of such issue. A decrease in the 
liquidity of an issue of Warrants may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the 
price of such issue of Warrants. 
The Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any 
price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation. The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a 
market-maker for an issue of Securities. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an 
issue of Securities, the secondary market for such Securities may be limited. To the extent that an issue 
of Securities becomes illiquid, Securityholders may have to exercise such Securities (in the case of 
American Style Warrants) or wait until the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants and 
Certificates) to realise value. 
Finally, investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with 
respect to the Securities in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of 
the Securities in the secondary market. 
Listing of Securities 
In respect of Securities which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a 
stock exchange, market or quotation system, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain 
such listing, provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to 
maintain such listing, then the Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Securities, although in this case it 
will use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
relevant de-listing) an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by a stock exchange, 
market or quotation system within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. If such an 
alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained. 
In case of Offers in the secondary market, the Securities may be purchased upon payment of the Offer 
Price, which will be equal to the market price of the Securities applicable from time to time and, in 
addition, any costs and commissions payable to the relevant Authorised Offeror (if applicable). 
Only in case of Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer, the applicable 
Final Terms may specify the Reduced Initial Listing Price. In such case, the initial price at which the 
Securities will be traded on the market will be determined on the basis of the Reduced Initial Listing 
Price. Investors should take into account that the Reduced Initial Listing Price may be lower or higher 
than the initial trading price of the Securities.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published and filed with the Central Bank of 
Ireland is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the press release issued by Intesa Sanpaolo on 4 February 2025 and entitled "Intesa Sanpaolo: 
consolidated results as at 31 December 2024" (the "2024 Results Press Release"); 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/comunicati-stampa-en/2025/02/20250204_RisFY24_uk.pdf  
(ii) 
the English translation of the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2024; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2024/30092024_Interim_statement.pdf  
(iii) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, as 
shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2024 Half-yearly Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2024/30062024_Half-yearly_report.pdf  
(iv) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, as shown in the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group 2023 Annual Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2023/2023_Annual__report.pdf 
(v) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2023, as 
shown in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2023 Half-yearly Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2023/30062023_Half-yearly_report.pdf 
(vi) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, as shown in the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group 2022 Annual Report; 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-documenti/investor-
relations/bilanci-relazioni-en/2022/2022_Annual__report.pdf 
(vii) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" contained in the Base Prospectus dated 1 
March 2024 from page 71 to and including page 288, available at the following website: 
https://www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com/en/Documentazione-Emissioni  
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com) 
and 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com.

--- Page 68 ---
68
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above 
which is not included in the cross-reference list in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference 
and is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that the English translation of each of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial 
statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading 
translation in all material respect of the Italian language version of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
financial statements. Intesa Sanpaolo takes responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
The Issuer confirms that the unaudited results and other figures contained in the 2024 Results Press 
Release are consistent with the corresponding figures that will be contained in the Issuer’s consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the "2024 Annual Report") and 
therefore have been prepared on the basis of the same accounting principles and standards utilised for 
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Intesa Sanpaolo as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2023 in all material respects.  
In the reclassified statements, the figures are normally restated, where necessary and if they are 
material, for ease of comparison. In particular, the amounts are provided as uniformly as possible with 
reference to the different periods covered, above all in relation to intervening changes in the scope of 
consolidation. Therefore, the unaudited results for the full year 2024 have been compiled and prepared 
on a basis which is comparable with the historical financial information. 
Audit procedures by the statutory auditors on the 2024 Annual Report are currently in progress and the 
2024 Annual Report will be available to the investors forthwith following its publication. See further 
"General Information – Financial statements available". 
Cross-reference list 
The following table shows where the information required under article 19(2) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 can be found in the above-mentioned documents. 
2024 Results Press Release 
Page 
number(s) 
Reclassified consolidated statement of income ............................................................  
28 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated statement of income ..............  
29 
Reclassified consolidated balance sheet .......................................................................  
30 
Quarterly development of the reclassified consolidated balance sheet .........................  
31 
Breakdown of financial highlights by business area.....................................................  
32 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group – Interim Statement as at 30 September 2024 
 
Page number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................................
34-35 
Consolidated income statement ......................................................................................
36 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .........................................................
37 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ................................................................
38-39 
Accounting policies ........................................................................................................
115-120 
Attachments ....................................................................................................................
123-146 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2024 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ...........................................................................................  
132-133

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................  
134 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................  
135 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................  
136-137 
Consolidated statement of cash flows...........................................................................  
138 
Notes .............................................................................................................................  
139-225 
Accounting policies ......................................................................................................  
141-149 
Subsequent events .........................................................................................................  
150 
Information on the consolidated balance sheet ............................................................  
151-160 
Information on the consolidated income statement ......................................................  
161-168 
Risk management ..........................................................................................................  
169-217 
Shareholder base, transactions with related parties and other information ................  
218-225 
Segment reporting ........................................................................................................  
226-228 
Certification of the Half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 ..............................................................  
229 
Independent Auditors' Report .......................................................................................  
231-233 
Attachments ..................................................................................................................  
235-256 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2023 Annual Report 
Page 
Number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures……………………………………………………..  
171-175 
Consolidated balance sheet…………………………………………………………….. 
182-183 
Consolidated income statement………………………………………………………… 
184 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income…………………………………….. 
185 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity………………………………………….. 
186-187 
Consolidated statement of cash flows………………………………………………….. 
188 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements………………………………………… 
189-617 
– Part A – Accounting policies………………………………………………………… 
191-288 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated Balance sheet…………………………….. 
289-396 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement………………………… 
397-425 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income………………………………………. 
426 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies…………………………. 
427-591 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital………………………………………… 
592-595 
– Part G – Business combinations……………………………………………………… 
596-599 
– Part H – Transactions with related parties…………………………………………… 
600-605 
– Part I – Share-based payments……………………………………………………….. 
606-609 
– Part L – Segment reporting…………………………………………………………... 
610-613 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases………………………………………………………… 
614-617 
Certification of the Consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998……………………………………………………………. 
619 
Independent Auditors' Report on the Consolidated financial statements………………. 
621-630 
Attachments to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group Consolidated Financial Statements………. 
631-663 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2023 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated balance sheet ...........................................................................................  
126-127 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................  
128 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................  
129 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................  
130-131 
Consolidated statement of cash flows...........................................................................  
132 
Notes .............................................................................................................................  
133-245 
Accounting policies ......................................................................................................  
135-173 
Subsequent events .........................................................................................................  
174 
Information on the consolidated balance sheet ............................................................  
175-181

--- Page 70 ---
70
Information on the consolidated income statement ......................................................  
182-186 
Risk management ..........................................................................................................  
187-234 
Shareholder base, transactions with related parties and other information ................  
235-242 
Segment reporting ........................................................................................................  
243-245 
Certification of the Half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to Art. 154 bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 ..............................................................  
247 
Independent Auditors' Report .......................................................................................  
249-251 
Attachments ..................................................................................................................  
253-280 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group 2022 Annual Report 
 
Page 
number(s) 
Alternative Performance Measures...............................................................................  
189-193 
Consolidated balance sheet ...........................................................................................  
200-201 
Consolidated income statement ....................................................................................  
202 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income .......................................................  
203 
Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity ..............................................................  
204-205 
Consolidated statement of cash flows...........................................................................  
206 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .............................................................  
207-615 
– Part A – Accounting policies .....................................................................................  
209-300 
– Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet ...........................................  
301-389 
– Part C – Information on the consolidated income statement .....................................  
390-412 
– Part D – Consolidated comprehensive income ..........................................................  
413 
– Part E – Information on risks and relative hedging policies .....................................  
414-581 
– Part F – Information on consolidated capital ...........................................................  
582-586 
– Part G – Business combinations ................................................................................  
587-594 
– Part H – Information on compensation and transactions with related parties .........  
595-600 
– Part I – Share-based payments ..................................................................................  
601-606 
– Part L – Segment reporting .......................................................................................  
607-610 
– Part M – Disclosure of leases ....................................................................................  
611-615 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Art. 154 bis of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998 ..........................................................................................  
617 
Independent Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements ......................  
619-628 
Attachments to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group Consolidated Financial Statements ..........  
629-659

--- Page 71 ---
71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Securities which will 
apply to each issue of Securities and, except in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Security. The terms of the Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") applicable to the respective issue of Securities complete and specify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. The completed and specified Final Terms together with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities represent the conditions applicable to the relevant issue of Securities  
Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities are issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) 
pursuant to an Agency Agreement dated on or about 7 March 2025 (as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch8, acting as principal security agent (the Principal Security Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor principal security agent and, together with any additional 
security agents appointed pursuant to Clause 17 of the Agency Agreement, the Security Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor security agents) and as registrar (the Registrar, 
which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
The Issuer shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (in this capacity, the Calculation Agent) in 
respect of the Securities (including Italian Dematerialised Securities) unless another entity is so 
specified as the calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms. The expression Calculation Agent 
shall, in relation to the relevant Securities, include such other specified Calculation Agent. 
The Securities (including Italian Dematerialised Securities) will be either warrants (Warrants) or 
certificates (Certificates), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references in these Conditions 
to Security and Securities will be construed accordingly. Conditions 19 and 20 apply only to Warrants 
and Condition 21 applies only to Certificates. Other Conditions apply to Warrants and/or Certificates, 
as applicable. References herein to the applicable Final Terms or relevant Final Terms are to the 
Final Terms or to each Final Terms (in the case of any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 
11 and forming a single series with the Securities) in relation to each single issuance made under this 
Programme, which for the avoidance of doubt may be issued in respect of more than one series of 
Securities.  
In respect of Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities, the applicable Final Terms is 
attached to the Global Security or Global Registered Security or any Securities in definitive form.  
Bearer Securities 
Each series of Securities that are not Registered Securities (as defined below in these Terms and 
Conditions of Securities) (Bearer Securities) will on issue be constituted by either (a) in the case of 
Bearer Securities with a maturity of more than one year, a temporary global security in bearer form 
(Temporary Global Security) or (b) in the case of Securities with a maturity of one year or less, a 
permanent global security in bearer form (Permanent Global Security and together with the 
Temporary Global Security, Global Securities and each a Global Security) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms which, in either case, will be deposited with a depositary (Common 
Depositary) common to Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
8 BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering 
different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, 
whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 72 ---
72
(Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
On or after the 40th day following the Issue Date of the Temporary Global Securities (the Exchange 
Date) the Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable (a) for a Permanent Global Security or (b) 
for bearer securities in definitive form (Definitive Securities, and the expression Definitive Certificates 
or Definitive Warrants shall be construed accordingly), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
in each case only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Security are not United States persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale directly or indirectly to any United States person or to a person within the 
United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the Principal Security 
Agent. A Permanent Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Securities only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) and have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) as a result of a change in law, the Issuer 
has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Securities represented by the Securities in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  
Bearer Securities will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
With respect to any Bearer Security, payments of principal and interest in all cases will be made only 
outside the United States and its possessions, and if a payment of interest is made before the Exchange 
Date, only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, as described above, has 
been received. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Securities with a maturity of more than one year: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
Registered Securities 
Any Securities that are “registration-required obligations” under the Code and US Treasury Regulations 
will be issued in “registered form” for US federal income tax purposes (Registered Securities). 
Registered Securities will be represented by definitive registered certificates registered in the names of 
the beneficial owners thereof (Registered Certificates or Registered Securities) and/or a registered 
certificate in global form (a Global Registered Certificate) which will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in any clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms. Definitive Securities will be exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Securities only if and to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Definitive 
Registered Securities will not be exchangeable for Definitive Securities or an interest therein. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be issued in bearer (al portatore), uncertificated and 
dematerialised form evidenced at any time through book-entries into Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with 
registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any

--- Page 73 ---
73 
successor clearing system thereto) (Monte Titoli) pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as 
amended and implemented and subsequent implementing provisions and in accordance with CONSOB 
and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018 ("Italian Dematerialised Securities"). Italian 
Dematerialised Securities will not be issued in definitive form. However, the holder still has the right to 
obtain the release of the certificate pursuant to articles 83-quinquies and 83-novies, paragraph 1, letter 
b), of the Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing 
provisions. While the Italian Dematerialised Securities are represented by book entries, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorized financial 
intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely 
on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts 
therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
General 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Final Terms) and the applicable Final 
Terms are available at the specified office of the Principal Security Agent, and in the case of Registered 
Securities, the Registrar, save that if the Securities are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will 
only be made available to Securityholders holding one or more Securities and such Securityholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Security Agent as to its holding of such 
Securities and identity. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. 
The holders of Securities other than Italian Dematerialised Securities are entitled to the benefit of and 
are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of the Agency Agreement (insofar as 
they relate to the Securities) and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(A) 
Type 
Depending on the type of financial asset used as Underlying(s), the Securities may be Index 
Securities, Share Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Fund 
Securities, Govies Securities, Interest Rate Securities, Commodity Securities or Combined 
Securities (i.e. a combination of two or more of the foregoing), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Securities may also be Dual Currency Securities if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate inter alia: 
1) Both in relation to Certificates and Warrants, whether settlement shall be by way of 
cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) and/or, in relation to Share Securities and 
Govies Securities only, physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities).

--- Page 74 ---
74
In relation to Certificates only, the applicable Final Terms may also specify that such 
Certificates are either cash settled of physically settled depending upon the 
occurrence or not of one of the following events:  
- 
Barrier Event; 
- 
Barrier Gap Event; 
- 
Buffer Event; 
- 
Consolidation Floor Event; 
- 
One Star Event; 
- 
Restrike Event; 
- 
Settlement Event; 
- 
Switch Event. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities may be issued as Cash Settled Securities only and 
relevant settlement and payments shall be by way of cash payment only; 
2) In the case of Warrants only: 
(i) whether the Warrants are American style Warrants, being Warrants which are 
exercisable during a specified period (American Style Warrants) or European 
style Warrants, being Warrants which are exercisable on a specified date 
(European Style Warrants) and whether automatic exercise (Automatic 
Exercise) applies to Warrants; 
(ii) whether the Warrants are call Warrants (Call Warrants) or put Warrants (Put 
Warrants);  
(iii) whether the Warrants are corridor Warrants (Corridor Warrants) being 
Warrants which allow to obtain a fixed Cash Settlement Amount, specified in the 
Final Terms, if the value of the Underlying remains within a range (a corridor) 
defined by two Barrier (the Lower Barrier Level and the Upper Barrier Level). 
Otherwise, if the value of the Underlying, on any day within the Barrier 
Valuation Period, falls below the Lower Barrier Level or above the Upper Barrier 
Level, the Corridor Warrants will expire immediately and the Securityholder is 
entitled to receive the Corridor Early Amount, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, instead of the Cash Settlement Amount and such Corridor Early Amount 
can be equal to zero; and 
3) in the case of Certificates only, whether Remuneration Amount(s) and/or Early 
Redemption Amount(s) shall be payable in respect of the Securities. 
References in these Conditions, save for the Italian Dematerialised Securities and unless the 
context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Securities shall be deemed to include references to 
Physical Delivery Securities which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) 
at the Issuer's election to request cash settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be 
by way of cash payment. References in these Conditions, save for the Italian Dematerialised 
Securities and unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Securities shall be 
deemed to include references to Cash Settled Securities which include an option (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer election to request physical delivery of the relevant 
Underlying in settlement of such Security and where settlement is to be by way of Physical 
Delivery.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Securities may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Final Terms, allow 
Securityholders to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery 
or by such other method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. Those 
Securities where the holder has elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled Securities and 
those Securities where the holder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical Delivery 
Securities. The rights of a holder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer's 
right to vary settlement if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
(B) 
Title to Securities other than Registered Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of Securities (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the number of Securities standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of such number of 
Securities for all purposes (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  
For so long as any of the Securities are represented by an Italian Dematerialised Securities, the 
person who is for the time being shown in the records of Monte Titoli as the holder of a 
particular amount of Securities (in which regard any certificate, record or other document 
issued by Monte Titoli as to the amount of Securities standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
(except as otherwise required by applicable law) be treated for all purposes by the Issuer and 
all other persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof and as the person entitled to 
exercise the rights represented thereby notwithstanding any notice to the contrary (and the 
expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly, except where Italian law is applicable, in which case Securityholder 
and holder of Securities will be exclusively deemed to be the beneficial owner of the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities). The Issuer shall cause Italian Dematerialised Securities to be 
dematerialised and centralised with Monte Titoli, pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 
58/1998 as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions.  
(C) 
Title to Registered Certificates 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Certificate held on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as 
the case may be, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, 
as the case may be, as the holder of a particular amount of such Certificates (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as to the amount of Certificates standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as 
the holder of such amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of cash settlement amounts, remuneration amounts and/or interest with respect to 
such Certificates for which purpose the registered holder (as shown in the register kept at the 
principal office of the Registrar (the Register), of the relevant Global Registered Certificate

--- Page 76 ---
76
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent as the holder of 
such amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Registered Certificate (and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of definitive Registered Certificates, the Issuer shall cause to be kept at the 
principal office of the Registrar, a Register on which shall be entered the names and addresses 
of all Securityholders, the amount and type of the Certificates held by each Securityholder and 
details of all transfers of the Certificates. Each person who is for the time being shown in the 
Register as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates shall (except as otherwise required 
by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such amount of Certificates for all purposes 
(regardless of any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest in it, any writing on it, or its theft 
or loss) and no person will be liable for so treating such person (and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
(D) 
Transfers of Securities other than Registered Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Definitive Securities, title to the Securities will 
pass by delivery.  
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, all transactions (including 
transfers of Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, subject to and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system approved by the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent from time to time and notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Any transfer or attempted transfer in or into the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a United States person shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the 
purported transferee (the Disqualified Transferee) and the last preceding holder that was not 
a Disqualified Transferee shall be restored to all rights as a Securityholder thereof retroactively 
to the date of transfer of such interest by the relevant Securityholder. 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Italian Dematerialised Securities, the 
Securities are held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption 
or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account 
holders. Italian Dematerialised Securities will at all times be held in book entry form and title 
to the Italian Dematerialised Securities will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the 
relevant provisions of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions, and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as amended and integrated by subsequent 
implementing provisions. The Securityholders may not require physical delivery of the Italian 
Dematerialised Securities. However, the Securityholders may ask the relevant intermediaries 
for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as 
amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. Italian Dematerialised 
Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Monte Titoli. In particular, the transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities 
operates by way of registration in the accounts opened with Monte Titoli by the intermediaries

--- Page 77 ---
77 
adhering to the clearing system. As a consequence, the subject who from time to time is the 
owner of the account held with an intermediary adhering, directly or indirectly, to Monte 
Titoli, in which the Italian Dematerialised Securities are credited, is considered as the 
legitimate beneficial owner of the Italian Dematerialised Securities and is authorised to 
exercise all rights related to them. 
(E) 
Transfers of Registered Securities 
Global Registered Securities may be transferred only to a successor clearing organization. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the underlying Registered Certificates represented by a 
Global Registered Security will be effected only through the book-entry system maintained by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case 
may be, and may be effected by such clearing systems or by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in 
the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System, as the case may be. 
Title to definitive Registered Certificates will pass upon the registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A definitive Registered Certificate 
may be transferred by the transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the transferor 
depositing at the specified office of the Registrar a duly completed transfer certificate (a 
Transfer Certificate) in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which are 
available from the Registrar) signed by or on behalf of the transferor and upon the Registrar 
after due and careful enquiry being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request and subject to the regulations set out under the Agency Agreement, 
the Registrar should enter the name of the transferee in the Register for the definitive 
Registered Certificates as the Securityholder of the Registered Certificate specified in the form 
of transfer.  
Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
determined by the Calculation Agent sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration or exchange in the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any other jurisdiction where the Registrar's specified office is 
located. 
Registered Certificates and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in or into the United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such 
transfer shall not be recognised. 
2. 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank, unless provided otherwise by law, pari passu among themselves and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations other than subordinated obligations, if any, of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. 
Certificates that are intended to be eligible for the purposes of the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") are subject to certain restrictions which will

--- Page 78 ---
78
increase in the future – following the full applicability of the relevant provisions arising from 
the MREL Requirements. 
In particular, in relation to Series of Certificates issued in order to satisfy the MREL 
Requirements: 
i. 
the Securityholders unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Certificates; 
ii. 
claims arising from such Certificates are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or 
any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims by the Issuer or by other 
entities related to the Issuer; 
iii. 
to the extent that the Issuer intends to qualify Series of Certificates as eligible liabilities 
in accordance with article 45 c paragraph 2 lett. b) of the BRRD II and 12c paragraph 2 
lett. b) of the SRMR II, the value of the claim arising from such Series of Certificates in 
cases of the insolvency and of the resolution of the Issuer is fixed or increasing, and 
does not exceed the initially paid-up amount of Certificates, under all relevant laws and 
regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to the Issuer; 
iv. 
The Securityholders are not entitled to accelerate the payments under the Certificates, 
other than in the case of the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under all relevant 
laws and regulations amended from time to time, which are and will be applicable to it. 
For the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an event of default for 
the Certificates for any purpose and shall not entitle to accelerate the payments under 
the Certificates. 
v. 
for the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Certificates. 
3. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the following definitions will apply. Each of these definitions 
may be set as "Applicable" or "Not applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
Accumulated Amount means, in relation to one or more Accumulated Valuation Dates, the amount in 
the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholders on the relevant Accumulated Payment Date 
per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). 
Each Accumulated Amount, in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date, may be calculated 
as follows: 
- 
Accumulated Amount Type A 
Accumulating Amount x n  
Where: 
"n" means the total number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period. 
or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
- 
Accumulated Amount Type B 
Accumulating Amount x (n / N) 
Where: 
"n" means the total number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period; and  
"N" means the total number of days (Business Days or Exchange Business Days or calendar 
days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an Early Redemption Level is specified as applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if so 
specified in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment 
Date coinciding with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred; 
Accumulated Payment Date means one or more Business Days, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, on which the Issuer shall pay the Accumulated Amount to the Securityholders. 
If the Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if so specified 
in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the Accumulated Payment 
Date coinciding with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in relation to which the Early 
Redemption Event has occurred. 
If an amount shall be paid on an Accumulated Payment Date, should the valuation date in which the 
Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount 
be postponed (by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event), the relevant Accumulated Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. The Accumulated 
Payment Date shall not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten Business Days; 
Accumulated Valuation Date means one or more Business Days, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines how many times the relevant Accumulating Event 
has occurred during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period and therefore it determines the amount 
of the relevant Accumulated Amount.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Accumulating Autocallable Trigger as applicable, in the 
Accumulated Valuation Date following the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period, the Calculation 
Agent will determine also whether an Early Redemption Event has occurred; 
Accumulating Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date and to the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period; 
Accumulating Autocallable Trigger means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date. If on an Accumulated 
Valuation Date the Accumulated Amount payable to Securityholders is lower than, equal to or higher 
than (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, such 
event will be considered as an Early Redemption Event and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be

--- Page 80 ---
80
early redeemed and the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date; 
Accumulating Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been 
equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level on the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than 
or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Accumulating Level on 
the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period or during the relevant Accumulating Valuation 
Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen 
within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Accumulating Level and the 
relevant Down Range Accumulating Level (included or excluded in the range as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period or on any 
Exchange Business Day of the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always 
fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Accumulating Level and the relevant Down Range Accumulating Level (included or 
excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period or during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Accumulating Event may be determined 
in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case 
of Securities linked to a Basket, the Accumulating Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or 
to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these 
cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Accumulating Level (or the Up Range 
Accumulating Level and the Down Range Accumulating Level) of each Underlying or Basket 
Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the Accumulating Event. 
Securityholders will be notified of the number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Accumulating Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or 
Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Accumulating 
Event in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Accumulating Event, at least one, any or 
all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Accumulating Level will 
be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Accumulating Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Accumulating Event has occurred. In the event of more 
Accumulating Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Accumulating 
Valuation Period, the Second Accumulating Valuation Period, or the n-th Accumulating 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Accumulating Valuation Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Accumulating Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Actual Exercise Date, in respect of an American Style Warrant or European Style Warrant, has the 
meaning set out under Condition 19 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)); 
Adjusted Price, in relation to Share Securities, is equal to the greater of (i) 0 (zero) and (ii) the amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐴𝑃𝑖= 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑖−𝑆𝑆𝐷𝑖+ 𝑆𝐷𝐷𝑖 
Where: 
"Underlyingi" is the Value of the Underlying on the Exchange Business Day “i”; 
"SSDi" or "Sum of Synthetic Dividends" means, in respect of the Exchange Business Day “i”, 
the sum of all the Synthetic Dividends for which the Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date falls in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Dividend Period Start Date and ending on, and 
including, the relevant day “i”. Any adjustment for corporate actions would be carried out before 
any coupon payment. The adjustments would be carried out on any or all the Underlyings (if 
basket), based on the nature of the corporate action; 
"SDDi" or "Sum of Detached Dividends" means, in respect of the Exchange Business Day “i”, 
the sum (gross amounts) of all the actual cash or cash equivalent dividends (excluding 
extraordinary dividends) for which the Ex-Dividend Date falls in the period commencing on, but 
excluding, the Dividend Period Start Date and ending on, and including, the relevant day “i”. 
ADR means an American Depositary Receipt which will be specified as the underlying asset or a 
Basket Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
Save where specifically provided under the applicable Final Terms, all references in the Conditions or, 
as applicable, to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the 
underlying shares, references to the issuer of the Share, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the

--- Page 82 ---
82
issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the underlying shares, and references 
to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or 
ADRs, as the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the underlying 
shares are listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may 
consider necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially 
prejudicial to the holders of Securities; 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity; 
Air Bag Factor means the value, which will always be higher than 1, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined according to the method of calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Annual Management Fee1 or AMF1 means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark 
Certificates, a fee charged to the Securityholders at the particular time "t" which, irrespective of the 
performance of the Underlying, will accrue gradually and proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates 
and will be determined according to the formula set out below.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the accrued fee from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). If the Certificates are listed or admitted to trading, their price for 
trading purposes will include the AMF1 gradually accrued on each Exchange Business Day.  
In particular, the AMF1 will be determined on the basis of the AMF1 Percentage. The AMF1 will be 
calculated as follows:  
AMF1t = ∏
(100% −
AMF1 Percentage
365.25
)
𝑥∈(𝑡0,𝑡0+1,…….,𝑡)
 
Where: 
"x" means each calendar day from t0 to t;  
"t0" means the Issue Date or any calendar day specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"t" can be any calendar day before the Valuation Date or the Valuation Date;  
"AMF1 Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
Annual Management Fee2 or AMF2 means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark 
Certificates, the amount that multiplied by the Initial Reference Value determines a fee charged to the 
Securityholders at the particular time "t" which, irrespective of the performance of the Underlying, will 
accrue gradually and proportionally to the tenor of the Certificates and that will be determined 
according to the formula set out below.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the accrued fee from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). If the Certificates are listed or admitted to trading, their price for 
trading purposes will include the AMF2 gradually accrued on each Exchange Business Day.  
In particular, the AMF2 will be determined on the basis of the AMF2 Percentage. The AMF2 will be 
calculated as follows:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
𝐀𝐌𝐅𝟐𝐭=
∑
𝑨𝑴𝑭𝟐 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒄𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒂𝒈𝒆
∗
𝟏
𝟑𝟔𝟎
𝒙∈(𝒕𝟎,𝒕𝟎+𝟏…,𝒕)
 
Where: 
"x" means each calendar day from t0 to t;  
"t0" means the Issue Date or any calendar day specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"t" can be any calendar day before the Valuation Date or the Valuation Date;  
"AMF2 Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
Annual Margin or AM means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark Certificates, the 
amount that multiplied by the Initial Reference Value determines a margin added at the particular time 
"t" which, irrespective of the performance of the Underlying, will accrue gradually and proportionally 
to the tenor of the Certificates and will be determined according to the formula set out below.  
The Calculation Agent will add the accrued margin to the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). If the Certificates are listed or admitted to trading, their price for 
trading purposes will include the AM gradually accrued on each Exchange Business Day.  
In particular, the AM will be determined based on the AM Percentage. The AM will be calculated as 
follows: 
𝐀𝐌𝐭=
∑
𝑨𝑴 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒄𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒂𝒈𝒆∗
𝟏
𝟑𝟔𝟎
𝒙∈(𝒕𝟎,𝒕𝟎+𝟏…,𝒕)
 
Where: 
"x" means each calendar day from t0 to t;  
"t0" means the Issue Date or any calendar day specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"t" can be any calendar day before the Valuation Date or the Valuation Date;  
"AM Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Annual Valuation Period means, in relation to the Internal Return Amount, one or more periods 
composed of one or more Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Internal Return Amount. In the event of more Annual Valuation Periods, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate the First Annual Valuation Period, the Second Annual Valuation Period, 
or the n-th Annual Valuation Period. 
Annual Remuneration Payment Date means, in relation to the Internal Return Amount, one or more 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the Internal Return 
Amount to the Securityholders.

--- Page 84 ---
84
If an amount shall be paid on an Annual Remuneration Payment Date, should the valuation date in 
which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such 
amount be postponed (by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event), the relevant Annual Remuneration Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. 
The Annual Remuneration Payment Date shall not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten Business 
Days; 
Barrier Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value 
or the Final Reference Value or the Spread or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Barrier Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been equal 
to, higher than or lower than the relevant Barrier Level on the relevant Barrier Valuation 
Period; and/or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Barrier Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has never 
been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than or 
lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Barrier Level on the 
relevant Barrier Valuation Period or during the relevant Barrier Valuation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Barrier Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen within 
or out of a range between the relevant Upper Barrier Level and the relevant Lower Barrier 
Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
relevant Barrier Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Barrier 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Barrier Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has fallen 
at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always fallen 
within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Upper Barrier Level 
and the relevant Lower Barrier Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Barrier Valuation Period or on any Exchange 
Business Day of the relevant Barrier Valuation Period or during the relevant Barrier 
Valuation Period. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one Barrier Valuation Period, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify if the Barrier Event will occur in at least one, any or all the Barrier Valuation 
Periods. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Barrier Event may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Barrier Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at least 
one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the Barrier Level (or the Upper Barrier Level and the Lower 
Barrier Level) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the 
determination of the Barrier Event. 
If the Barrier Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Barrier Event Determination Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Barrier Event has occurred. In the event of more Barrier 
Event Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Barrier Event 
Determination Period, the Second Barrier Event Determination Period, or the n-th Barrier Event 
Determination Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Barrier Event Determination Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Barrier Event Determination Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Barrier Gap Event means, in the case of Gap Certificates and in relation to the Premium Gap Amount, 
the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that, during the Barrier Gap Observation 
Period, the Gap Daily Performance, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms, is equal to, higher than or lower than the Barrier Gap Level specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If the Barrier Gap Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
In relation to the calculation of the Premium Gap Amount(s) payable to the Securityholders during the 
life of the Gap Certificates, the investor should consider that after the occurrence of the Barrier Gap 
Event: 
(i) 
the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of days within 
the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all the days of the relevant 
Premium Determination Period; and  
(ii) 
after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium Payment 
Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no 
further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the Securityholders; 
Barrier Gap Event Date means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the Exchange Business Day on which 
a Barrier Gap Event has occurred; 
Barrier Gap Leverage means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Barrier Gap Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or 
Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Barrier Gap Event 
in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Barrier Gap Observation 
Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Barrier Gap Event, at least one, any or all

--- Page 86 ---
86
the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Barrier Gap Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent.  
Barrier Gap Observation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period indicated in the relevant Final Terms on which the Calculation 
Agent determines if the relevant Barrier Gap Event has occurred. In the event of more Barrier Gap 
Observation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Barrier Gap Observation 
Period, the Second Barrier Gap Observation Period, or the n-th Barrier Gap Observation Period. 
In relation to the Intraday Value, in the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on an 
Exchange Business Day of the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Barrier Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Barrier Event in relation 
to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Barrier Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value; or 
(iv) 
a percentage of the Strike; or  
(v) 
a percentage of the highest or the lowest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) Reference 
Value registered during the Barrier Selection Period. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Barrier Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Barrier Level will be specified 
for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Barrier Selection Period means, when the Barrier Level is determined as specified at point (iv) of the 
definition of "Barrier Level", one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days 
or the Specific Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the highest or the lowest Reference Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the 
Underlying in order to determine the Barrier Level. In the event of more Barrier Selection Periods, the 
relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Barrier Selection Period, the Second Barrier Selection 
Period, or the n-th Barrier Selection Period. 
Barrier Valuation Period means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, one or more periods composed of 
one or more Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which the Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Barrier Event has occurred. In the event of 
more Barrier Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Barrier Valuation 
Period, the Second Barrier Valuation Period, or the n-th Barrier Valuation Period; 
Base Premium Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time to time in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
Basket means a portfolio composed of two or more financial assets comprised in the same basket. A

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Basket may represent the Underlying of the Securities or it may constitute a Basket Constituent of 
another Basket (the Underlying of the Securities), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Basket Constituent means, in relation to each Series, each financial asset specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
Basket Constituent Weight means, in respect of each Basket Constituent, the value specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Basket Value means the value of the Basket calculated by the Calculation Agent in order to determine 
the Initial Reference Value, the Reference Value and Final Reference Value.  
In relation to all the values determined as specified below, only the changes published by the Issuer 
with a notice on its website www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com shall be taken into account. 
In particular, at any time, the Basket Value is equal to the sum of the single Values of the Basket 
Constituents at such time, divided by the single Values of the Basket Constituents at time "0", and 
multiplied by the relevant Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent comprised in the same 
Basket, in accordance with one of the following formulas:  
a) 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑
𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖 
Where: 
"𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝒕" is the Basket Value at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"t" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑪𝒕
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for a 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝐴𝑃𝑟
𝑖: 
𝐶𝑡
𝑖= 1
𝑦 𝑥∑𝑀𝑖𝑛 [
𝑦
𝑟=1
𝐶0
𝑖 𝑥 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝐴𝑃𝑟
𝑖;  𝐶𝑟
𝑖] 
Where: 
"𝑳𝒐𝒄𝒂𝒍 𝑪𝑨𝑷𝒓
𝒊" is the percentage applied to the Basket Constituent "i" at time "r", 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for each Basket Constituent "i"; 
"𝑪𝒓
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "r", as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"y" is the number of Valuation Dates and/or the number of the dates of the relevant 
valuation period, if applicable, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"𝑪𝟎
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "0", which is the date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑾𝒊" is the Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent; and 
"𝒏" is the number of the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 88 ---
88
b) 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= ∑
𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑖 ; 
𝐶𝑡
𝑖
𝐶0𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
× 𝑊𝑖 
Where: 
"𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝒕" is the Basket Value at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"t" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Capi" is the maximum performance of the Basket Constituent "i", specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for each Basket Constituent; 
"𝑪𝒕
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i", at time "t", as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"𝑪𝟎
𝒊" is the Value of the Basket Constituent "i" at time "0", which is the date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑾𝒊" is the Basket Constituent Weight of each Basket Constituent; and 
"𝒏" is the number of the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Securities linked to a Basket of Baskets, the value of the Basket Constituent(s) will also 
be determined according to the above formulas; 
Best Of Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. If the Best Of Feature applies, the Calculation Agent will select the Best Of Underlying to 
determine: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that triggers such 
Remuneration Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation 
of such Settlement Amount; and/or  
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In addition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Best Of Feature may apply in relation to any 
or all the relevant valuation periods; 
Best Of Underlying means, in the case of Best Of Feature, the Underlying with the first, second or 
third (and so on, depending on the number of the underlying assets) best Performance of the Underlying 
in respect of the Performance of the other Underlying(s), determined pursuant to the formula set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. In the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will indicate if it will take into 
account the Underlying with the first best Performance (in such case this will be named Best Of 
Underlying), the second best Performance (in such case this will be named Second Best Of 
Underlying) or the third best Performance (in such case this will be named Third Best Of 
Underlying) or the n-th best Performance, determined pursuant to the formula set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. Upon determination of the Best Of Underlying, the Issuer will inform the Securityholders 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices);

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Bonus Observation Date means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on which the Bonust is determined for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Cumulated Bonus Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Bonus Observation Date may not occur before the Issue Date; 
Bonus Payment Date means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, one or more Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the Cumulated Bonus Amount to 
the Securityholders. 
If an amount shall be paid on a Bonus Payment Date, should the valuation date in which the Calculation 
Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount be postponed 
(by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event), the 
relevant Bonus Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. The Bonus Payment Date shall not, in 
any case, be postponed beyond ten Business Days; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
Buffer Event means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the event occurring when the 
Calculation Agent determines that, in the Buffer Valuation Period, the Performance Sum is lower than, 
equal to or higher than the Buffer Percentage, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Buffer Percentage means in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Buffer Valuation Period means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates, the period composed of 
one or more Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, in 
which the Calculation Agent determines if the Buffer Event has occurred. In the event of more Buffer 
Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Buffer Valuation Period, the 
Second Buffer Valuation Period, or the n-th Buffer Valuation Period; 
Business Day means 
(1) 
where the securities are represented by a Global Security or a Global Registered Security, a 
day on which the T2 System is open and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business; 
(2) 
where the Securities are Italian Dematerialised Securities, a day on which the T2 System is 
open and Monte Titoli is open for business. 
In the event that one or more dates specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on a Business 
Day, such dates shall shift to a Business Day in accordance with the Business Day Convention; 
Business Day Convention means the convention specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Butterfly Level means, in relation to Reverse Butterfly Certificates, the value specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Butterfly Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference 
Value or by a predetermined value; 
Calculation Agent means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. or such other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 90 ---
90
Calculation Entity means, in the case of Certificates on Interest Rates, the entity responsible for the 
calculation and publication of the Interest Rate that will be indicated from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Calendar Performance means, in the case of Calendar Certificates, the performance of each 
Underlying or Basket Constituent determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following 
formula: 
Max {Calendar Floor Percentage; Min [Calendar Cap Percentage; (RVy - RVx) / RVx]} 
Where: 
"RVy" means the Reference Value of the Underlying at time “y” specified in the relevant Final 
terms; 
"RVx" means the Reference Value of Underlying at time “x” specified in the relevant Final 
terms; 
"Calendar Cap Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time 
to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Calendar Cap Percentage will always be equal to or 
higher than 0 per cent; 
"Calendar Floor Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified from time 
to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Calendar Floor Percentage will always be equal to or 
lower than 0 per cent; 
Call Exercise Date means the Exchange Business Day on which the Certificates are exercised and 
redeemed by the Issuer, following the exercise of the Call Option. If the Call Valuation Period is 
applicable, the Call Exercise Date coincides with the last Exchange Business Day of the relevant Call 
Valuation Period or with the Call Valuation Period, if it is composed by one Exchange Business Day. If 
the Call Valuation Period is specified as ‘not applicable’, the Call Exercise Date is the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Call Notice Period means the date(s) – indicated in the applicable Final Terms – by which the Issuer 
shall notify, in accordance with Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to 
Certificates)) below, the intention to exercise the Call Option in the relevant Call Exercise Date; 
Call Option means, if the Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option 
to redeem the Certificates which can be irrevocably exercised by the Issuer during the Call Notice 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)) below. Following the exercise of the Call Option, the 
Certificates will be exercised and the Securityholders will be entitled to receive the Cash Settlement 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Call Valuation Period means, in relation to the Call Option and if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days or the 
Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines 
the Reference Value or, in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short 
Constant Leverage Certificates, respectively, the Payout Value Long or the Payout Value Short. In the 
event of more Call Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Call Valuation 
Period, the Second Call Valuation Period, or the n-th Call Valuation Period.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
If the applicable payout formula of the Cash Settlement Amount includes the Final Reference Value, if 
the Call Option is exercised by the Issuer, the Reference Value determined by the Calculation Agent in 
the relevant Call Valuation Period will be considered as Final Reference Value.  
If the applicable payout formula of the Cash Settlement Amount does not include the Final Reference 
Value (and the Typology is different from Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B 
Short Constant Leverage Certificates), the Call Valuation Period will be specified as ‘not applicable’ in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Call Valuation Period, if applicable, may only begin after the Call Notice Period.  
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Call Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Call Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
CAP means either the Cap Amount, the Cap Percentage, the Cap Barrier Amount, the Cap Level, the 
Performance Cap, the Calendar Cap Percentage, the Early Cap Percentage, the Cap Consolidation 
Amount, or the Cap Down Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Amount means the amount indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Barrier Amount means the amount indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Consolidation Amount means the amount that may be considered, if indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of Max Consolidation 
Long Cap Certificates; 
Cap Down Amount means the amount that may be considered, if indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
for the purpose of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount of Twin Win Certificates when the 
Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage;  
Cap Level means one or more values specified in the relevant Final Terms, expressed as either (i) the 
product between the Cap Percentage and the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) a value predetermined by 
the Issuer, specified in the relevant Final Terms. If more values are provided, the applicable Final 
Terms will also specify the relevant details; 
Cap Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap Style 1 means in relation to a Cap Level and if the Restrike Feature is indicated as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the calculation method pursuant to which, if the Restrike Event has occurred, 
the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike Percentage; 
Cap Style 2 means in relation to a Cap Level and if the Restrike Feature is indicated as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the calculation method pursuant to which, if the Restrike Event has occurred, 
the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Cash Settled Securities means Securities that entitle their holders to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount, if it results in an amount higher than zero; 
Cash Settlement Amount means, in relation to a Cash Settled Securities, the amount in the Settlement 
Currency which the Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in relation to each 
Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions under the section

--- Page 92 ---
92
"Settlement Amount" of Condition 23 (Pay out provisions). The Cash Settlement Amount shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Securities exercised or 
redeemed, as the case may be, at the same time by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount payable;  
Cash Settlement Amount Combo Feature means, in relation to Certificates linked to more 
Underlyings or to a Basket, that the Calculation Agent will determine, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount as either (i) the arithmetic mean of the Cash Settlement 
Amounts due in relation to each single Underlying or each single Basket Constituent or (ii) the 
weighted average of the Cash Settlement Amounts due in relation to each single Underlying or each 
single Basket Constituent or (iii) the sum of the Cash Settlement Amounts due in relation to each single 
Underlying or each single Basket Constituent. If the Cash Settlement Amount Combo Feature applies, 
the relevant Final Terms will specify for each single Underlying or each single Basket Constituent the 
relevant payout formula among those set out in Condition 23 and all the relevant details for its 
determination (e.g. Barrier Level, Multiplier, Initial Reference Value, Final Reference Value, etc.); 
Clearing System shall mean Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Click-on Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms if the 
Worst Of Feature and the Early Redemption Event are applicable.  
In such case, the Calculation Agent will determine, as specified below, the Underlying(s) that will be 
considered for the purpose of the determination of the Worst of Underlying in relation to: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or the 
occurrence of the event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or  
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation 
of such Settlement Amount; and/or 
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In relation to each Underlying, the Click-on Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that, 
on at least one Click-on Valuation Period, the Value of the Underlying has been equal to or higher than 
the relevant Click-on Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
After the occurrence of the Click-on Effect in relation to one or more Underlyings, the Underlying(s) 
that will be considered for the purpose of the determination of the Worst of Underlying, will be only the 
one(s) for which the Click-on Effect has not been occurred in all the Click-on Valuation Periods.  
If the Click-on Effect occurs for any Underlying, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
If the Click-on Effect occurs for all the Underlyings, the Certificates will be early redeemed; 
Click-on Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Click-on Effect in relation 
to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Click-on Valuation Period.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Click-on Effect, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Click-on Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Click-on Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the relevant Click-on Effect has occurred. In the event of more Click-on Valuation 
Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Click-on Valuation Period, the Second 
Click-on Valuation Period, or the n-th Click-on Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Click-on Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Click-on Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any Click-on Valuation Period may not occur before the 
Issue Date; 
Cliquet Feature means the method for changing the Digital Level and the Participation Remuneration 
Level on, respectively, any Digital Valuation Period and Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period, as specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to which the Digital Level and 
the Participation Remuneration Level will be changed, either automatically or upon occurrence of the 
condition(s) specified from time to time in the applicable Final Terms. Such method may indicate: 
(i) 
in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread or 
Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), for the determination 
of the applicable Digital Level or the applicable Participation Remuneration Level; and/or 
(ii) 
different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference Value(s) 
or Spread or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates) for the 
determination of the applicable Digital Level or the applicable Participation Remuneration 
Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Moreover, in relation to each different Digital Level the Issuer will also specify the related applicable 
Digital Amount. 
The Securityholders will be informed of the update of the Digital Level and the Participation 
Remuneration Level in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices); 
Cliquet Valuation Period means, if the Cliquet Feature is applicable, one or more periods composed 
of one or more Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value or the Spread or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates). In the event of more Cliquet Valuation

--- Page 94 ---
94
Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Cliquet Valuation Period, the Second 
Cliquet Valuation Period, or the n-th Cliquet Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Cliquet Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Cliquet Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Combined Amount means, in relation to Combined Amount Certificates, the amount equal to the 
product of the Multiplier of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant 
Final Reference Value, which may differ from the Underlying used to determine the occurrence of the 
Barrier Event and/or from the Underlying used to the determine the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Combined Securities means the type of Securities which is a combination of two or more of the 
following types, as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: Index Securities, Share 
Securities, Exchange Rate Securities, Futures Contract Securities, Govies Securities, Fund Securities, 
Interest Rate Securities and Commodity Securities; 
Commodity means, in relation to each Series, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the 
commodity indicated as Underlying in the relevant Final Terms; 
Commodity Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Commodities 
or one or more Baskets of Commodities; 
Consolidation Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to the Digital 
Amount and the Participation Remuneration Amount if there are several Digital Valuation Periods or 
several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
The Consolidation Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the 
Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level on the relevant 
Consolidation Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Consolidation Valuation Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Level during the 
relevant Consolidation Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Consolidation Level and the relevant Down Range Consolidation Level (included or 
excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant 
Consolidation Valuation Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Consolidation Effect may be determined 
in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case 
of Securities linked to a Basket, the Consolidation Effect may be determined in relation to the Basket or 
to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these 
cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Consolidation Level (or the Up Range 
Consolidation Level and the Down Range Consolidation Level) of each Underlying or Basket 
Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the Consolidation Effect.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
If the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Digital Event/Participation Remuneration Event will 
automatically occur without further determinations for all the Digital Valuation Periods/Participation 
Remuneration Event Valuation Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, 
the Securityholders will receive all the relevant Digital Amounts/Participation Remuneration Amounts 
(if positive).  
If the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on 
the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Consolidation Floor Event means the event that may be specified as applicable in relation to Max 
Long Certificates and Max Short Certificates, occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Reference Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has 
been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Consolidation Floor Level on the 
relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, 
(1) has never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, 
higher than or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Consolidation 
Floor Level on the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period or during the relevant 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has 
fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Consolidation Floor Level 
and the relevant Down Range Consolidation Floor Level (included or excluded in the range 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, 
(1) has fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has 
always fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Consolidation Floor Level and the relevant Down Range Consolidation Floor Level 
(included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period or during the relevant Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify if the Consolidation Floor Event will occur in at least one, any or all 
the Consolidation Floor Valuation Periods. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Consolidation Floor Event may be 
determined in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In case of Securities linked to a Basket, the Consolidation Floor Event may be determined in 
relation to the Basket or to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In these cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Consolidation Floor Level

--- Page 96 ---
96
(or the Up Range Consolidation Floor Level and the Down Range Consolidation Floor Level) of each 
Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the 
Consolidation Floor Event. 
Upon the occurrence of the Consolidation Floor Event, the Cash Settlement Amount of the Max Long 
Certificates and Max Short Certificates, will be determined in accordance with a calculation method 
different from the calculation method applicable if the Consolidation Floor Event does not occur, as 
detailed in Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions).  
If the Consolidation Floor Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published 
on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Consolidation Floor Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the 
Consolidation Floor Event in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Consolidation Floor Event, at least one, 
any or all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Consolidation 
Floor Level will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Consolidation Floor Level in relation to the occurrence of the 
Consolidation Floor Event may be different to the Consolidation Floor Level set for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Consolidation Floor Event has occurred. In the event of 
more Consolidation Floor Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First 
Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the Second Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, or the n-
th Consolidation Floor Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period 
or on one Exchange Business Day of the Consolidation Floor Valuation Period, the provisions set out 
within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Consolidation Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or 
Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Consolidation 
Effect in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Consolidation 
Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as:

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(iv) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(v) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(vi) 
a predetermined value.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Consolidation Effect, at least one, any or 
all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Consolidation Level will 
be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent;  
Consolidation Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Consolidation Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Consolidation Effect has occurred. In the event of more 
Consolidation Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Consolidation 
Valuation Period, the Second Consolidation Valuation Period, or the n-th Consolidation Valuation 
Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Consolidation 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Consolidation Valuation Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Consolidation Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any Consolidation Valuation Period may not occur before 
the Issue Date; 
Constant Leverage Factor or K means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and 
Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the fixed leverage factor which applies to the Underlying, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Conversion Rate means, in relation to Dual Currency FX Certificates, the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Converted Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant 
Leverage Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amended Certificates after the application of the Reverse Split calculated by dividing the number of 
Pre-Conversion Certificates by the Reverse Split Ratio; 
Corridor Early Amount means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, the amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to be paid to the Securityholder on the Corridor Early Payment Date per each Minimum 
Exercise Amount if a Barrier Event has occurred. The Corridor Early Amount could be also equal to 
zero; 
Corridor Early Payment Date means, in relation to Corridor Warrants, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event that the Corridor Early Amount is set equal to zero, the Corridor 
Early Payment Date will be specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 98 ---
98
Coupon Determination Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Coupon Event has occurred. In the event of more Coupon 
Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Coupon Determination 
Period, the Second Coupon Determination Period, or the n-th Coupon Determination Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Coupon Determination Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Coupon Determination Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any Coupon Determination Period may not occur before 
the Issue Date; 
Coupon Event means the event occurring when the Calculation Agent determines that, during the 
relevant Coupon Determination Period, the Reference Value of one or more Underlying(s), or the 
Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates) is equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Coupon Level, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The occurrence of the Coupon Event will determine the amount of the Digital Amounts, if applicable, 
and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if on the Coupon Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Coupon Event 
has occurred, the Digital Amounts and/or the Early Redemption Amounts will be determined on the 
basis of the Coupon Premium 1. Conversely, if on the Coupon Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Coupon Event has not occurred, the Digital Amounts and/or the Early Redemption 
Amounts will be determined on the basis of the Coupon Premium 2; 
Coupon Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Coupon Event in relation 
to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Coupon Determination Period. 
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Coupon Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Coupon Level will be specified 
for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Coupon Premium 1 means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms 
that, if the Coupon Event has occurred, will be used for the determination of the amount of the Digital 
Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life 
of the Certificates; 
Coupon Premium 2 means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms 
that, if the Coupon Event has not occurred, will be used for the determination of the amount of the 
Digital Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during 
the life of the Certificates;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Coupon Valuation Date means the Exchange Business Day, specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
on which the Calculation Agent determines if the Coupon Event has occurred during the Coupon 
Determination Period and therefore if the Digital Amounts, if applicable, and/or of the Early 
Redemption Amounts, if applicable, payable during the life of the Certificates will be determined on the 
basis of the Coupon Premium 1 or on the basis of the Coupon Premium 2; 
Cross Currency Rate or XCCY means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and 
Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the cross currency rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and available on the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Cumulated Bonus Amount means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the amount that will be 
determined as specified under Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); 
Cumulated Performance means, in relation to the Multiperformance Long/Short Certificates and the 
Multiperformance Max Long/Short Certificates, the sum of the performances of each Underlying 
calculated as follows: 
∑( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝒊
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝒊
𝒏
𝒊=𝟏
−1) 
Where: 
"Final Reference Valuei" means the Final Reference Value of Underlying "i" 
"Initial Reference Valuei" means the Initial Reference Value of Underlying "i" 
"n" means the number of the Underlyings; 
Darwin Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the occurrence of an event and/or the determination of an amount to be paid.  
If the Darwin Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms will specify in relation to each valuation 
period of each event and/or in relation to each amount to be paid (Remuneration Amount and/or the 
Settlement Amount and/or the Early Redemption Amount), the Underlying value to be considered (i.e. 
Best of Underlying, Worst of Underlying, Basket Value or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).  
In the same way, if the Darwin Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
determination method of the Reference Value to be considered for the occurrence of the Barrier Event 
(by way of example, Worst Of Underlying) and the determination method of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Final Reference Value to be considered for the calculation of the Settlement Amount, 
that can be different from the method used for the determination of the occurrence of the Barrier Event; 
Day Count Fraction or DCF means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, Type B Long Constant 
Leverage Certificates, Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates and to the calculation of Premium 
Gap Amounts: 
− 
in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage 
Certificates, the actual number of calendar days between "t" (being any Exchange Business Day 
from and including the Determination Date to and including the Valuation Date) and "t-1"

--- Page 100 ---
100
(being the Exchange Business Day prior to "t"), divided by the number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
if "ACT/360" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the relevant Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period or 
Premium Gap Observation Period, respectively, divided by 360; 
− 
if "Actual/Actual" is specified as applicable, means:  
(i) in relation to the calculation of the Premium Gap Amounts, the actual number of days in 
the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period divided by the number of days comprised 
in the relevant Premium Determination Period; 
(ii) in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the actual number of days in the Floating Amount 
Determination Period, or Settlement Determination Period divided by number of days 
comprised in the relevant Floating Amount Determination Period, or Settlement 
Determination Period; 
− 
if "30/360" is specified as applicable, means the number of days in the Premium Gap 
Observation Period or Floating Amount Determination Period, or Settlement Determination 
Period, calculated as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Premium Gap 
Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination 
Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Premium Gap Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement 
Determination Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Premium Gap 
Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination 
Period falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Premium Gap Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period 
or Settlement Determination Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Premium Gap Observation Period, 
Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement Determination Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30;  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Premium Gap Observation Period, Floating Amount Determination Period or Settlement 
Determination Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
Deliverable Asset means, in case of Physical Delivery Securities, the quantity of the Relevant Asset

--- Page 101 ---
101 
capable of being delivered, which constitutes part or all of the Entitlement, as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms; 
Delivery Date means, in the case of an offer of Securities and if applicable, the Business Day that may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms and on which the Securities are delivered to the Securityholder. 
Delivery shall mean the relevant accounting evidence of such Securities in the securities depository 
account or such other account of the relevant investor (as indicated by the investor in the relevant 
subscription module) or of the relevant Manager; 
Determination Date means one or more Exchange Business Days on which the Value of the 
Underlying(s) is registered for the purpose of the calculation of the Initial Reference Value (pursuant to 
the terms set out in the definition of Initial Reference Value), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Digital Amount means, upon occurrence of the relevant Digital Event in relation to the relevant Digital 
Valuation Period, the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the 
relevant Digital Payment Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out 
provisions). 
If the Multiple Level Option is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will specify the Digital Amount 1 
and the Digital Amount 2, and so on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the 
Digital Level 2 and so on. In this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the 
Digital Amount relating to the higher Digital Level reached by the Reference Value. 
If the Cliquet Feature is applicable, in relation to each different Digital Level, the Issuer will also 
specify the related applicable Digital Amount; 
Digital Combo Feature means, in relation to Certificates linked to a Basket or to more Underlyings 
that are not a Basket, the feature in relation to the calculation of a Digital Amount, pursuant to which 
the Calculation Agent will determine if the relevant Digital Event has occurred (and eventually will 
determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory Level, the Knock-out Level and the Knock-in Level) in 
the Digital Valuation Period(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to each Basket 
Constituent or each Underlying. Therefore, the Digital Amount payable will be either, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (i) the arithmetic mean of the Digital Amounts due in relation to each single 
Basket Constituent or each single Underlying for which the relevant Digital Event has occurred, or (ii) 
the weighted average of the Digital Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent or each 
single Underlying for which the relevant Digital Event has occurred, or (iii) the sum of the Digital 
Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent or each single Underlying for which the 
relevant Digital Event has occurred. If the Digital Combo Feature applies, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify for each single Basket Constituent or each single Underlying the relevant Digital Level; 
Digital Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value 
or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Digital Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been equal 
to, higher than or lower than the relevant Digital Level on the relevant Digital Valuation 
Period; and/or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Digital Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has never 
been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than or 
lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the

--- Page 102 ---
102
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Digital Level on the 
relevant Digital Valuation Period or during the relevant Digital Valuation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Digital Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen within 
or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Digital Level and the relevant Down 
Range Digital Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the relevant Digital Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the 
relevant Digital Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Digital Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has fallen 
at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always fallen 
within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Digital 
Level and the relevant Down Range Digital Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Digital Valuation Period or on any 
Exchange Business Day of the relevant Digital Valuation Period or during the relevant 
Digital Valuation Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Digital Event may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Digital Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at least 
one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the Digital Level (or the Up Range Digital Level and the Down 
Range Digital Level, or, if Multiple Level Option is applicable, the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 
and so on) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the 
determination of the Digital Event. 
If a Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Digital 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Digital Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Digital Event in relation to 
the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Digital Valuation Period. 
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value.  
The Digital Level may be identical for all the Digital Valuation Periods or it may differ for each Digital 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If there are more Digital Levels, the Issuer 
will indicate in the relevant Final Terms: (i) the First Digital Level, the Second Digital Level and so on, 
in relation to the relevant Digital Valuation Period, and/or, if Multiple Level Option is applicable, (ii) 
the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2, and so on, in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period. 
In the case of Cliquet Feature, the applicable Final Terms will specify the method for changing the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Digital Level in relation to one or more Digital Valuation Periods. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Digital Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Digital Level will be specified 
for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Digital Payment Date means one or more Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
which the Issuer shall pay the relevant Digital Amount to the Securityholders. 
If an amount shall be paid on a Digital Payment Date (i.e. Digital Amount or Extra Consolidation 
Digital Amount), should the valuation date in which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference 
Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount be postponed (by way of example and without 
limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event), the relevant Digital Payment Date may be 
postponed accordingly. The Digital Payment Date shall not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten 
Business Days; 
Digital Percentage means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Digital Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the relevant Digital Event has occurred. In the event of more Digital Valuation Periods, 
the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Digital Valuation Period, the Second Digital 
Valuation Period, or the n-th Digital Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Digital Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Digital Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Digital Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any Digital Valuation Period may not occur before the 
Issue Date; 
Disrupted Day means any Exchange Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
Dividend Period Start Date means, in respect of a Share, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Dividend Publication means, in respect of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B 
Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the source specified in the relevant Final Terms that may be, 
without limitation, the website or other media or electronic page where the dividend related to the 
Underlying is published; 
Down Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Down Range Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of: (i) the Accumulating Event (the "Down Range Accumulating Level"); 
or (ii) the Consolidation Effect (the "Down Range Consolidation Level"); or (iii) the Consolidation

--- Page 104 ---
104
Floor Event (the "Down Range Consolidation Floor Level"); or (iv) the Digital Event (the "Down 
Range Digital Level"); or (v) the Knock-in Event (the "Down Range Knock-in Level"); or (vi) the 
Knock-out Event (the "Down Range Knock-out Level"); or (vii) the Memory Effect (the "Down 
Range Memory Level"); or (viii) the Participation Remuneration Event (the "Down Range 
Participation Remuneration Level"); or (ix) the Early Redemption Event (the "Down Range Early 
Redemption Level"); or (x) the Switch Event (the "Down Range Switch Level"); or (xi) the Multiple 
Strike Eventi (the "Down Range Multiple Strike Leveli"); or (xii) the Participation Rebate Event (the 
"Down Range Participation Rebate Level"). The Down Range Level is represented by a percentage 
of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value or as a value expressed as a percentage or 
by a predetermined value. If there are more Underlyings, the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
relevant Down Range Level for each Underlying; 
Dropdown Protection Amount means, in relation to Short Dropdown Protection Certificates, the 
amount (always higher than 0) specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms; 
Dropdown Protection Level means, in relation to Long Dropdown Protection Certificates, the value 
(always higher than 0) specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Dropdown 
Protection Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value, or as a value expressed 
as a percentage, or by a predetermined value; 
Dynamic Protection Level means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value specified 
from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. The Dynamic Protection Level is represented by a 
percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a predetermined value; 
Dual Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Early Partial Capital Payment Amount means the amount paid to the Securityholder for each 
Minimum Exercise Amount on the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Date; 
Early Partial Capital Payment Date means one or more Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the relevant Early Partial Capital Payment Amount to the 
Securityholder;  
Early Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Early Payment Date means one or more Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
which the Issuer shall pay the Early Redemption Amount to the Securityholders. 
If an amount shall be paid on an Early Payment Date, should the valuation date in which the 
Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount 
be postponed (by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event), the relevant Early Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. The Early Payment Date shall 
not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten Business Days; 
Early Redemption Amount means, upon occurrence of the Early Redemption Event in the relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Period, (i) in relation to Certificates, the amount in the Settlement 
Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the relevant Early Payment Date per each Minimum 
Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); (ii) in relation to Turbo Certificates, 
an amount that will be equal to 0 (zero); (iii) in relation to Warrants (only applicable to Warrants to be 
admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer), an amount that will be equal to 0 (zero). 
The Early Redemption Amount may be the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or may be

--- Page 105 ---
105 
an amount determined on the basis of the performance of the Underlying specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in accordance with one of the calculation methods of the Early Redemption Amount 
described in Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). 
If the Early Redemption Amount is an amount determined on the basis of the performance of the 
Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount may be, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms, "Long Early Redemption Amount" or "Long Cap Early Redemption 
Amount" or "Short Early Redemption Amount" or "Short Cap Early Redemption Amount"; 
Early Redemption Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Reference Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates), as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has 
been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level on the 
relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher 
than or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Early Redemption Level 
on the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period or during the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has 
fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Early Redemption Level and 
the relevant Down Range Early Redemption Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period 
or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period; 
and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) 
has fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has 
always fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Early Redemption Level and the relevant Down Range Early Redemption Level 
(included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Period or during the relevant Early Redemption Valuation 
Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Early Redemption Event may be 
determined in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In case of Securities linked to a Basket, the Early Redemption Event may be determined in 
relation to the Basket or to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In these cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Early Redemption Level 
(or the Up Range Early Redemption Level and the Down Range Early Redemption Level) of each 
Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the 
Early Redemption Event. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, an Early

--- Page 106 ---
106
Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the Securityholders is lower than, equal to or higher 
than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the Tarn Amount, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on a 
Participation Performance Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the Remuneration Sum 
exceeds the Tarn Amount.  
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the Magnet Feature, an Early Redemption Event occurs if the 
Magnet Worst Of Performance is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Magnet Performance, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities are deemed to be early redeemed on either (i) the 
last Exchange Business Day of the Early Redemption Valuation Period on which the Early Redemption 
Event has occurred, or (ii) if the Intraday Value is applicable and in any case in relation to Turbo 
Certificates, the Exchange Business Day on which the Early Redemption Event occurred. In such case, 
the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Early Redemption Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings 
or Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Event in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Early Redemption Event, at least one, any 
or all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Early Redemption 
Level will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent. 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, the Early Redemption Level is equal to the Strike Price; 
Early Redemption Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Early Redemption Event has occurred. In the event of 
more Early Redemption Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, the Second Early Redemption Valuation Period, or the n-th Early 
Redemption Valuation Period. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger, the 
Calculation Agent will determine if the relevant Early Redemption Event has occurred on the relevant 
Accumulated Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the Early Redemption 
Valuation Period will coincide with the Accumulated Valuation Date). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the Tarn Amount, the Calculation Agent will determine if the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
relevant Early Redemption Event has occurred on the relevant Participation Performance Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (i.e. the Early Redemption Valuation Period will coincide with 
the Participation Performance Period). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the Click-on Effect, in relation to the first Early Redemption 
Valuation Period, all the Underlyings will be considered for the purpose of the determination of the 
Worst Of Underlying. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Early Redemption Valuation Period or 
on one Exchange Business Day of the Early Redemption Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any Early Redemption Valuation Period may not occur 
before the Issue Date; 
Electronic Page means, in respect of an Underlying or a Basket Constituent, the electronic page or 
source specified for such Underlying or Basket Constituent in the applicable Final Terms, or either (i) 
any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider that has been designated by 
the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such sponsor has not officially designated 
a successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page 
or source or information vendor or provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider 
(if different from such sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or source designated by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it 
is not necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or 
source or information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally 
designated electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the 
Calculation Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying or a 
Basket Constituent, then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) 
if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant Electronic 
Pages for any Exchange Business Day, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation Agent 
shall be used for such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on 
all of such Electronic Pages but is published on one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation 
Agent shall use such published price or level for the purpose of determining any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Certificates and no Market Disruption Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic Page(s); 
Entitlement means, in relation to Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share 
Securities and Govies Securities), (i) the Deliverable Asset and, if any, (ii) the Residual Amount, which 
a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date, as provided in Condition 19 (Exercise 
rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)) and in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). The Entitlement will be equal to the value specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the method 
of calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Ex-Dividend Date means, in respect of a Share, the date on which such Share has commenced trading 
ex – dividend on the Exchange of such Share specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exchange means each reference exchange or quotation system, on which the Underlying, the Reference 
Underlying or related components are principally listed and traded, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the securities/commodities comprising such Underlying or Reference

--- Page 108 ---
108
Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the securities or commodities comprising such Underlying or Reference 
Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange);  
Exchange Business Day means, in relation to: 
(A) 
Share Securities, Commodity Securities, Exchange Rate Securities: 
any day (i) which is considered an exchange business day by the Reference Source, provided 
that on that day such Reference Source is open for trading, except for the days on which 
trading sessions close earlier than the regular closing hours and (ii) on which the Reference 
Source is open for trading during the regular trading hours;  
(B) 
Index Securities: 
the day on which (i) the Index Sponsor determines and publishes the Index level and/or (ii) the 
Exchange is open for trading during the regular trading hours; 
(C) 
Futures Contract Securities: 
any day on which the Futures Contract is regularly listed on the Reference Source. If on such a 
day a Market Disruption Event occurs, such day will not be considered as Exchange Business 
Day;  
(D) 
Fund Securities: 
(i) 
in the case of unlisted Funds: any day on which the Net Asset Value of each Fund is (or 
would have been if a Market Disruption Event had not occurred) determined and/or 
published by the Management Company or the Fund Manager; and 
(ii) in the case of listed Funds: any day on which the price relating to each Fund is (or would 
have been if a Market Disruption Event had not occurred) regularly determined and 
published by the relevant Reference Source; 
(E) 
Interest Rate Securities: 
any day on which the Interest Rate is determined and/or published by the relevant Calculation 
Entity; 
(G) 
Govies Securities: 
any day (i) which is considered an exchange business day by the Reference Source, provided 
that on that day such Reference Source is open for trading, except for the days on which 
trading sessions close earlier than the regular closing hours and (ii) on which the Reference 
Source is open for trading during the regular trading hours; and, only in the case of Govies 
Securities linked to the Yield of Government Bond, (iii) on which the information source 
specified in the applicable Final Terms publishes the value of such yield(s); 
(H) 
if the Underlyings are Baskets: 
the day which is an Exchange Business Day for all the relevant Basket Constituents or, in case 
of Baskets of Baskets, the day which is an Exchange Business Day for all the relevant 
financial assets composing each of the Baskets representing the Baskets Constituent;

--- Page 109 ---
109 
In the event that one or more dates specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on an Exchange 
Business Day, such dates shall shift to an Exchange Business Day in accordance with the convention 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Exchange Business Day Convention), provided however 
that, if such new Exchange Business Day is already a date relevant for the fixing of the Value of the 
Underlying, the date originally specified shall shift again to an Exchange Business Day which is not a 
date relevant for the fixing of the Value of the Underlying.  
In the case of a Basket, or in the case of Best Of Feature and Worst Of Feature, if one or more dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms do not fall on an Exchange Business Day for one or more 
Basket Constituents or for one or more Underlyings such dates will be postponed to (i) the immediately 
following or previous day (as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time) which is an 
Exchange Business Day for all the Basket Constituents or for all the Underlyings or (ii) (a) for each 
Basket Constituent or for each Underlying in relation to which such date is not an Exchange Business 
Day, the immediately following or previous day (as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to 
time) which is an Exchange Business Day and (b) for all the Basket Constituents or for all the 
Underlyings in relation to which such date is an Exchange Business Day, the date originally scheduled; 
Exchange Rate means either:  
(i) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities, the exchange rate between currencies 
constituting the Underlying (as single or as a Basket Constituent) of the Securities if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
in relation to Non Quanto Securities in general with reference to the relevant 
Underlying, the exchange rate on a given date between the Underlying Reference 
Currency and the Settlement Currency (expressed as a number of units or portion of 
the Underlying Reference Currency necessary to purchase a unit in the Settlement 
Currency), determined by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of the determination 
of the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration 
Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment and the 
relevant events. The Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate by making 
reference to the exchange rate (fixing) between the Underlying Reference Currency 
and the Settlement Currency determined by the information source specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the exchange rate is not published or announced at the 
relevant time on such information source, either (i) the successor or alternative 
information source or (ii) the determination method to be carried out by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Exchange Rate Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Exchange 
Rates or one or more Baskets of Exchange Rates; 
Exchange Rate Weights means in relation to Currency Certificates the weight for each exchange rate 
Underlying expressed as a percentage, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Exercise Business Day means, in respect of Warrants: 
(a) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, a day that is a Business Day; 
(b) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, a day that is a Business Day and an Exchange Business 
Day;

--- Page 110 ---
110
Exercise Date means the Business Day on which the Securities are exercised, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Exercise Date will be a day 
which is both a Business Day and an Exchange Business Day; 
Exercise Price means, in relation to Call Covered Warrants and Put Covered Warrants the amount or 
the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or determined in the Exchange Business 
Day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Amount means, in relation to one or more Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Periods, the amount(s) in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholders on the 
relevant Digital Payment Date (or the other date specified in the relevant Final Terms) per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount, if an Extra Consolidation Digital Event has occurred; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Event means, in relation to an Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the event occurring if: 
(a) 
prior to the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, a Consolidation Effect has 
occurred; and 
(b) the Calculation Agent determines that in the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period, the Reference Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates) is lower than, equal to or higher than the relevant Extra 
Consolidation Digital Level or, in relation to Securities with more than one Underlying, the 
Reference Value of each Underlying has been on at least one Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital 
Level, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In that case the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Extra Consolidation 
Digital Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms in connection to such Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Period. 
If the Extra Consolidation Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Feature means, if the Consolidation Effect is specified as applicable, the 
feature pursuant to which the Extra Consolidation Digital Amount potentially payable in case of Extra 
Consolidation Digital Event, after the occurrence of a Consolidation Effect, will be eventually due and 
payable to the Securityholders; 
Extra Consolidation Digital Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the 
Extra Consolidation Digital Event in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the 
relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period. 
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Event, at least 
one, any or all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Extra 
Consolidation Digital Level will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent;  
Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Extra Consolidation Digital Event has occurred. In the 
event of more Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the 
First Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the Second Extra Consolidation Digital 
Valuation Period, or the n-th Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation 
Period or on one Exchange Business Day of the Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period, the 
provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any Extra Consolidation Digital Valuation Period may not 
occur before the Issue Date; 
Final Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the percentage equal to the 
Gearing multiplied by the number of Gearing Events occurred during the life of the Certificates; 
Final Leverage means, in relation to Dropdown Protection Certificates, the value determined according 
to one of the following formulas: 
(i) 
In case of Long Dropdown Protection Certificates: 
Final Leverage = Initial Leverage – (Adjust Factor x Negative Performance) 
(ii) In case of Short Dropdown Protection Certificates: 
Final Leverage = Initial Leverage – (Adjust Factor x Positive Performance) 
Where: 
"Initial Leverage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Adjust Factor" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Negative Performance" means the performance of the Underlying, determined according to the 
following formula and always represented by a positive value:  
Max [0; 1 – (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value)] 
"Positive Performance" means the performance of the Underlying, determined according to the 
following formula:  
Max [0; (Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) – 1] 
Final Notional Amount means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the amount specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 112 ---
112
Final Reference Value or FRV means the value or the values calculated by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the following provisions, in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to each Underlying, or Basket, or Basket Constituent and the related Final Reference Value 
determined as specified below, only the changes published by the Issuer with a notice on its website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com shall be taken into account.  
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) 
the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of any or 
all Underlying(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Valuation Date or on 
the Specific Period, determined by the Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the 
Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage 
of such arithmetic mean of the Values of each Underlying or of the Underlying(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Valuation Dates or on the Specific 
Periods, ascertained by the Calculation Agent, respectively, on the last Valuation Date or 
on the last of such Specific Periods, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥× ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑗)
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
"Final Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Final Arithmetic Percentage will be equal 
to 100%); 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates or Specific Periods specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlyingj" is the Value of the Underlying as determined on the Valuation Date "j" or 
on the Specific Period "j", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the minimum or maximum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in case 
of more than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one 
or more Final Reference Value Determination Period(s) ascertained by the Calculation 
Agent on the Valuation Date(s) or on the Specific Period(s), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(D) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Reference Value may be equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the 
Value calculated pursuant to (A), (B) or (C) above (as denominator); or 
(E) 
when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract and if the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by Feature and Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Value of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the Valuation Date (only applicable 
when the Valuation Date is set as a single date); or

--- Page 113 ---
113 
(F) 
in case of Share Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, either:  
(i)  the Adjusted Price on the Valuation Date or on the Specific Period; or  
(ii)  the arithmetic mean of the Adjusted Price on the Valuation Dates or on the Specific 
Periods, ascertained by the Calculation Agent, respectively, on the last Valuation 
Date or on the last of such Specific Periods, specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐴𝑃𝑗
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates or Specific Periods specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"APj" is the Adjusted Price of the Underlying(s) as determined on the Valuation 
Date "j" or on the Specific Period "j", as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) 
the Basket Value on the Valuation Date or on the Specific Period, as ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Valuation Dates or on the Specific 
Periods indicated in the applicable Final Terms, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent, 
and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
𝑭𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑗
𝑥
𝑗=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Valuation Dates or Specific Periods specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
"Basketj" is the Basket Value calculated on the Valuation Date "j" or on the Specific 
Period "j", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the minimum or maximum Basket Value (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more Final Reference Value 
Determination Period(s), ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date or 
on the Specific Period, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(D) 
the Value of one or more or each Basket Constituent (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Valuation Date or on the Specific Period. 
If the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the Issuer/the Securityholder, the Reference Value 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the related Call Valuation Period/Put Valuation Period will be 
considered as Final Reference Value, if applicable.

--- Page 114 ---
114
For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Reference Value may also be set as 'Not applicable' in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Final Reference Value Determination Period means one or more periods composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Floating Amount(s) means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the amount(s) in the Settlement 
Currency to be paid, if positive, to the Securityholder on the Floating Amount Payment Date per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions). 
Floating Amount Determination Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the relevant Floating Amount is determined in relation 
to the relevant Floating Amount Determination Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Floating Amount Determination Date, 
the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Floating Amount Determination Period means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, one or more 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms related to each Floating Amount. In the event of more 
Floating Amount Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Floating 
Amount Determination Period, the Second Floating Amount Determination Period, or the n-th 
Floating Amount Determination Period; 
Floating Amount Payment Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, one or more Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the Floating Amount to the 
Securityholders. 
If an amount shall be paid on a Floating Amount Payment Date, should the valuation date in which the 
Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount 
be postponed (by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event), the relevant Floating Amount Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. The Floating 
Amount Payment Date shall not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten Business Days; 
Floor Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Floor Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent.; 
Fund means, in respect of each Series, the fund specified in the relevant Final Terms as Underlying. 
The Fund may be either unlisted or listed (e.g. Exchange Traded Funds - ETF) and will be either a 
UCITS fund within the meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC or an investment fund authorised by the 
Central Bank of Ireland or by the competent Authority of another State deemed equivalent by Euronext 
Dublin. In case of Fund Securities that are intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor, the Fund may not be exclusively reserved for qualified investors and prohibited to 
retail investors; 
Fund Manager means the Management Company (as defined below), the director, the manager or 
other entity which is responsible for publishing the Net Asset Value on behalf of the Management 
Company, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fund Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Funds or one or more 
Baskets of Funds. Under this Base Prospectus, Fund Securities whose Underlying is one or more Funds 
investing in cryptocurrencies or other digital assets have an Issue Price at least equal to EUR 100,000 
(or, in case of an Issue Currency different from Euro, nearly equivalent to EUR 100,000) and are not

--- Page 115 ---
115 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor; 
Futures Contract means either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the future contract specified as 
Underlying in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Futures Contract Securities, the lifetime of such 
instruments will reflect the lifetime of the related underlying futures. However, if the Futures Contract 
N-th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will be entitled to 
determine the Initial Reference Value and/or, if the feature Rolling is also specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Reference Value in relation to any valuation period during the lifetime of the 
Certificates and/or the Final Reference Value on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by. In such 
case, the applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or only the 
relevant Rollover Date(s); 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by means, if the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as 
applicable, the n-th futures contract that has the same features of the Futures Contract indicated as 
Underlying. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify:  
(i) 
the ordinal number of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by to be used for the determination of 
the Initial Reference Value and/or the Reference Value and/or the Final Reference Value; and  
(ii) 
if the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying will be determined on the basis of a Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by. In such case, the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will be the n-th futures 
contract that has an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to the Determination 
Date; and/or  
(iii) 
if Rolling is also specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value and/or the Final 
Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by that will 
be the n-th futures contract with an expiration date which is the closest (but beyond) to any 
valuation period/date during the lifetime of the Certificates and/or to the Valuation Date.  
When the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the Futures Contract, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify the relevant N-th Near-by Initial Date and/or the relevant Rollover Date(s) only. On the N-th 
Near-by Initial Date and/or the Rollover Dates, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature means, if specified as applicable and when the Underlying is 
represented by a Futures Contract, the feature pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to determine, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-
by; and/or 
(ii) 
if Rolling is also specified as applicable. In such case, the Reference Value in relation to any 
valuation period during the lifetime of the Certificates and/or the Final Reference Value will be 
determined on the basis of a Futures Contract N-th Near-by; 
Futures Contract Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Futures 
Contracts or one or more Baskets of Futures Contracts;

--- Page 116 ---
116
Gap Daily Performance means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the daily performance of the relevant 
Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent on each day of the Barrier Gap Observation Period, 
as follows: 
𝐺𝑎𝑝 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡= 𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝑅𝑉𝑡−1
−1  
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value determined on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"RVt - 1" means the Reference Value determined on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
GDR means a Global Depositary Receipt which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket 
Constituent, from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
Save where specifically provided under the applicable Final Terms, all references in the Conditions or, 
as applicable, to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the 
underlying shares, references to the issuer of the Share, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the 
issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the underlying shares, and references 
to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or 
ADRs, as the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the underlying 
shares are listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may 
consider necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially 
prejudicial to the holders of Securities; 
Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Gearing Event means the event occurring when the Reference Value is lower than, equal to or higher 
than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Gearing Level;  
Gearing Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Gearing Level means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, one or more values specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or by a predetermined value; 
Global Performance means, in relation to the Global Performance Certificates, the sum or the 
average/mean, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, of the performances of the relevant Underlying 
as determined, in respect of any Performance Observation Date, by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
∑Max [Local Floor Percentaget; (RVt −(RVsx Global Strike Percentaget)
RVs
) x Participation Factort]
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
Or, if the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
∑Min {CAPt; Max[Local Floor Percentaget ; (RVt −(RVsx GlobalStrike Percentaget)
RVs
 ) x Partecipation Factort]}
n
t=1
 
Where: 
"n" means the number of the Performance Observation Dates;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
"RVt" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "t" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"RVs" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "s" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factort" means the Participation Factor corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Observation Date "t" specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CAPt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t"; 
"Global Strike Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t"; and 
"Local Floor Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage, specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in relation to the relevant Participation Observation Date "t". Such percentage may 
also be negative; 
Government Bond means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, a bond issued by a national 
government of an OECD member country or by an international public organisation established by (or 
mainly represented by) OECD member countries, listed on a liquid regulated market (for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended) or multilateral trading facility, that may constitute the 
Underlying of Govies Securities from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Govies Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Government Bonds 
or one or more Baskets of Government Bonds or the Yield of Government Bond or the yield of one or 
more Baskets of Government Bonds. For avoidance of any doubt, in case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, only Government Bonds that are (i) settled through the Clearing System(s) and (ii) listed on 
stock exchanges that are regulated markets, can be physically settled. In such case, in relation to govies 
listed on stock exchanges in EU countries, regulated markets are those markets which fall within the 
definition of Art. 4(1) 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU, in relation to govies listed on stock exchanges in 
non-EU countries, regulated markets are those markets regulated by a local financial regulator or 
monetary authority or institute, in accordance with the law applicable under the relevant jurisdiction; 
In-The-Money means:  
(a) 
in the case of a Warrant which is a Cash Settled Security, the Cash Settlement Amount in 
respect of such Warrant is greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Security, the value of the Entitlement on 
the Actual Exercise Date for such Warrant is greater than the Premium as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
Index means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the Italian or foreign indices constituting the 
Underlying from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Index Leverage Factor means, in relation to Type A Constant Leverage Certificates, the fixed 
leverage factor which applies to the Reference Underlying, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Index Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Indexes or one or 
more Baskets of Indexes, provided that any of such Indexes will not be composed by the Issuer or by

--- Page 118 ---
118
any legal entity belonging to the same group or by a legal entity or a natural person acting in association 
with, or on behalf of, the Issuer. Under this Base Prospectus, Index Securities whose Underlying is one 
or more Indices composed by cryptocurrencies or other digital assets have an Issue Price at least equal 
to EUR 100,000 (or, in case of an Issue Currency different from Euro, nearly equivalent to EUR 
100,000) and are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor; 
Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a 
regular basis during each Exchange Business Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Indicative Price means, in relation to Warrants, the price of the Warrants as admitted to 
listing/negotiations specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined on the basis of the market 
parameters registered on a date around the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Gearing means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the value expressed as a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Percentage means the value or the values expressed as a percentage indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Value or IRV means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
I. 
the predetermined value or values (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the predetermined 
value or values of the Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms; or  
II. 
without prejudice to the adjustments set out in the Terms and Conditions, the value or values 
calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the following provisions, in accordance with 
the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to each Underlying, or Basket, or Basket Constituent and the related Initial Reference Value 
determined as specified below, only the changes published by the Issuer with a notice on its website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com shall be taken into account. 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) 
the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of any 
or all Underlying(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Determination 
Date or on the Specific Period, determined by the Calculation Agent, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the 
Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a 
percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of each Underlying or of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Determination Dates or 
on the Specific Periods, ascertained by the Calculation Agent, respectively, on the last 
Determination Date or on the last of such Specific Periods, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula:

--- Page 119 ---
119 
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥× ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑡)
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"Initial Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Initial Arithmetic Percentage will be 
equal to 100%); 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates or Specific Periods specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlyingt" is the Value of the Underlying as determined on the Determination Date 
"t" or on the Specific Period "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the minimum or maximum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
case of more than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the 
Underlying(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the 
Underlying during one or more Initial Reference Value Determination Period(s) 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Determination Date(s) or on the Specific 
Period(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) 
in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Initial Reference Value may be equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the 
Value calculated pursuant to (A), (B) or (C) above (as denominator); or 
(E) 
when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract and the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable, if in the relevant Final Terms is specified 
that the Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the Futures Contract 
N-th Near-by, the Value of such Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the Determination 
Date (only applicable when the Determination Date is set as a single date); or  
(F) 
in case of Share Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, either:  
(i)  the Adjusted Price on the Determination Date or on the Specific Period; or  
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the Adjusted Price on the Determination Dates or on the 
Specific Periods, ascertained by the Calculation Agent, respectively, on the last 
Determination Date or on the last of such Specific Periods, specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the following formula:  
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐴𝑃𝑡
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates or Specific Periods specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"APt" is the Adjusted Price of the Underlying(s) as determined on the Determination 
Date "t" or on the Specific Period "t" as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 120 ---
120
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) 
the Basket Value on the Determination Date or on the Specific Period, as ascertained 
by the Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Value on the Determination Date or on the 
Specific Period indicated in the applicable Final Terms may be equal to 1;  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Determination Dates or on the 
Specific Periods indicated in the applicable Final Terms, as ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent, and determined pursuant to the following formula: 
  
𝑰𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝑥
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of Determination Dates or Specific Periods specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Baskett" is the Basket Value as calculated on the Determination Date "t" or on the 
Specific Period "t" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the amount corresponding to the minimum or maximum Basket Value (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more 
Initial Reference Value Determination Period(s), ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
(pursuant to the terms specified in the foregoing definition of "Basket Value") on the 
Determination Date or on the Specific Period, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(D) 
the Value of one or more or each Basket Constituent (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the Determination Date or on the Specific Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Reference Value may also be set as 'Not applicable' in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Initial Reference Value will always be 'Not applicable' in relation to Discount 
Certificates; 
Initial Reference Value Determination Period means the period composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Cap means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants, and for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Floating Amount and the Cash Settlement Amount, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
Interest Rate means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the interest rate representing the 
Underlying from time to time and as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Interest Rate Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Interest Rates 
or one or more Baskets of Interest Rates; 
Internal Return Amount (which can be IRA Compound or IRA Simple) means the amount linked 
to the performance of the Underlying as indicated in the relevant Final Terms (if applicable);

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Internal Return Amount (IRA) Cap means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to the Internal Return Amount (if applicable);  
Intraday Reset Event means, in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B 
Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines at any 
time during an Exchange Business Day "t" that: 
1) 
In case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates on Index: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event (i=1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
< 1 −𝑇𝑉 
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts); 
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑈𝐿𝑡−1; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) After the occurrence of the first Intraday Reset Event and the relative Intraday Reset Event 
Observation Period (i >1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
< 1 −𝑇𝑉 
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts);  
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where:  
"ULt,ν"  means the Intraday Value at a time ν; 
"𝝂" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+]; 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2) 
In case of Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates on Share: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event (i=1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
< 1 −𝑇𝑉 −(1−𝑇𝑎𝑥𝐴𝐹𝑡)∙𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1

--- Page 122 ---
122
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts); 
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑈𝐿𝑡−1; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"TaxAFt" means the Tax Adjustment Factor on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"TaxAF0" means the Tax Adjustment Factor on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Divt" means any ordinary gross cash dividend distributed in relation to the relevant Share on the 
Exchange Business Day "t". The Divt will be available from time to time on the Dividend 
Publication specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) After the occurrence of the first Intraday Reset Event and the relative Intraday Reset Event 
Observation Period (i >1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
< 1 −𝑇𝑉 
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts); 
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where:  
"ULt,ν"  means the Intraday Value at a time ν; 
"𝝂" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+]; 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3) 
In case of Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates on Index: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event (i=1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
> 1 + 𝑇𝑉 
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts);

--- Page 123 ---
123 
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑈𝐿𝑡−1; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) After the occurrence of the first Intraday Reset Event and the relative Intraday Reset Event 
Observation Period (i >1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
> 1 + 𝑇𝑉 
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts);  
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑚𝑎𝑥𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where:  
"ULt,ν"  means the Intraday Value at a time ν; 
"𝝂" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+]; 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4) 
In case of Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates on Share: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event (i=1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
> 1 + 𝑇𝑉 −
𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
 
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts); 
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑈𝐿𝑡−1; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Divt" means any ordinary gross cash dividend distributed in relation to the relevant Share on the 
Exchange Business Day "t". The Divt will be available from time to time on the Dividend 
Publication specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) After the occurrence of the first Intraday Reset Event and the relative Intraday Reset Event 
Observation Period (i >1),  
𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜃
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
> 1 + 𝑇𝑉

--- Page 124 ---
124
Where: 
"ULt,θ " means Intraday Value at the moment θ (being the moment in which the Intraday Reset 
Event Observation Period starts); 
"𝑼𝑳𝑰𝑹𝑬𝒊−𝟏" = 𝑚𝑎𝑥𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where:  
"ULt,ν"  means the Intraday Value at a time ν; 
"𝝂" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+]; 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"TV" means the Trigger Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Intraday Reset Event Observation Period means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage 
Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the period starting from (and including) 
the moment θ and ending on (and including) the moment θ+, which falls 10 minutes after θ or at the end 
of the relevant Exchange Business Day, in case there are less than 10 minutes between θ and the end of 
such Exchange Business Day.  
In case θ+ coincides with the end of the Exchange Business Day, PAVLt or PAVSt will coincides with 
the last calculated PAVLIREi or PAVSIREi. 
During an Intraday Reset Event Observation Period only one Intraday Reset Event can occur; 
Intraday Value means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in order to calculate 
the Reference Value, the official level published by the Index Sponsor, the official traded price, quoted 
on the relevant Exchange, the Exchange Rate value quoted on the relevant over-the-counter or 
quotation-based market indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the official Interest Rate value, the Net 
Asset Value of such Underlying or Basket Constituent (without limitation, as the case may be and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) continuously observed on such day by the Calculation Agent 
on the applicable Electronic Page, subject as provided in Condition 15(2) (Adjustment Events relating 
to the Underlying and correction provisions in relation to the Securities); 
Irish Listing Agent means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, acting as listing agent in Ireland;  
Issue Currency means the currency specified from time to time in the applicable Final Terms; 
Issue Date means the Business Day on which the Securities are issued. Such a date is specified from 
time to time in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the beginning of any valuation 
period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent may determine the 
occurrence of any event that triggers the payment of a Remuneration Amount, any Early Redemption 
Event and any other event on which depends the calculation of the Settlement Amount, may not occur 
before the Issue Date; 
Issue Price means the price of issue of the Certificates indicated in the relevant Final Terms. In relation 
to Discount Certificates, the Issue Price indicated in the relevant Final Terms will always be set as a 
discounted price compared to the value of the relevant Underlying;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Issuer means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. with registered office at Piazza San Carlo, 156 - 10121 Turin, 
Italy; 
Italian Bail-in Power means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in 
including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to 
time; and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person 
(or suspended for a temporary period); 
Italian Resolution Authority means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or 
other country in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer acting in its capacity as 
resolution authority within the meaning of Article 2(18) of the BRRD; 
Italian Traded Securities means Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an 
application will be made to admit such Securities to trading on an Italian multilateral trading facility 
and the expression Italian Traded Warrants and Italian Traded Certificates shall be construed 
accordingly; 
Knock-in Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been equal 
to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-in Level on the relevant Knock-in 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
if the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than 
or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Knock-in Level on the 
relevant Knock-in Valuation Period or during the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period; 
and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen 
within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Knock-in Level and the relevant 
Down Range Knock-in Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day 
of the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always 
fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Knock-in Level and the relevant Down Range Knock-in Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period 
or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period or during the 
relevant Knock-in Valuation Period.

--- Page 126 ---
126
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one Knock-in Valuation Period, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify if the Knock-in Event will occur in at least one, any or all the Knock-in 
Valuation Periods. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Knock-in Event may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Knock-in Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at 
least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Knock-in Level (or the Up Range Knock-in Level and 
the Down Range Knock-in Level) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for 
the purposes of the determination of the Knock-in Event. 
If the Knock-in Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Knock-in Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of the 
calculation of any Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the relevant Remuneration 
Amount becomes payable to the Securityholders after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event. In particular, 
if Knock-in Event occurs during a Knock-in Valuation Period, the Securityholder will benefit from the 
payment of the Remuneration Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be either 
the Remuneration Amount related to the valuation period on which the Knock-in Event has occurred 
and/or the Remuneration Amount(s) related to the valuation period(s) following the Knock-in Valuation 
Period in which the Knock-in Event has occurred; 
Knock-in Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or 
Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Knock-in Event in 
relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Knock-in Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value.  
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Knock-in Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Knock-in Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent;  
Knock-in Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the relevant Knock-in Event has occurred. In the event of more Knock-in Valuation 
Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Knock-in Valuation Period, the Second 
Knock-in Valuation Period, or the n-th Knock-in Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Knock-in 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Knock-in Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Knock-in Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition

--- Page 127 ---
127 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Knock-out Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been 
equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Knock-out Level on the relevant Knock-out 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
if the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than 
or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Knock-out Level on the 
relevant Knock-out Valuation Period or during the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period; 
and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen 
within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Knock-out Level and the relevant 
Down Range Knock-out Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period or on any Exchange 
Business Day of the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always 
fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Knock-out Level and the relevant Down Range Knock-out Level (included or excluded in 
the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Knock-out Valuation 
Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period or 
during the relevant Knock-out Valuation Period. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one Knock-out Valuation Period, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify if the Knock-out Event will occur in at least one, any or all the Knock-out 
Valuation Periods. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Knock-out Event may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Knock-out Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at 
least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Knock-out Level (or the Up Range Knock-out Level 
and the Down Range Knock-out Level) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be 
considered for the purposes of the determination of the Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-out Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Knock-out Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of the 
calculation of any Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the Remuneration Amount 
potentially payable after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event will cease to be due and payable to the 
Securityholders. In particular, if the Knock-out Event occurs during a Knock-out Valuation Period, the 
Securityholder will not benefit from the payment of the Remuneration Amount(s) specified in the

--- Page 128 ---
128
applicable Final Terms, which may be either the Remuneration Amount related to the valuation period 
on which the Knock-out Event has occurred and/or the Remuneration Amount(s) related to the 
valuation period(s) following the Knock-out Valuation Period in which the Knock-out Event has 
occurred; 
Knock-out Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or 
Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Knock-out Event 
in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Knock- out Valuation 
Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Knock-out Event, at least one, any or all 
the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Knock-out Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent;  
Knock-out Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the relevant Knock-out Event has occurred. In the event of more Knock-out Valuation 
Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Knock-out Valuation Period, the Second 
Knock-out Valuation Period, or the n-th Knock-out Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Knock-out 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Knock-out Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Knock-out Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Listing Agent means the Irish Listing Agent and/or any other listing agent specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Long Strategy means the financial strategy which gives to the investor the possibility to benefit from 
the positive (increasing) performance of the Underlying(s) in relation to the amount(s) or occurrence of 
event(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Lower Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the 
occurrence of the Barrier Event. Such value may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) a predetermined value; 
Lower One Star Trigger Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that triggers 
the occurrence of the One Star Event. Such value may be set as:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii) a predetermined value; 
Magnet Feature means the feature that may be specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Magnet Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates will be 
early redeemed on the Early Redemption Valuation Period in which the related Magnet Worst Of 
Performance (Magnet Worst Of Performancei) is equal to, higher than or lower than (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the relevant Magnet Performance. 
The Magnet Feature may only occur if there is an Early Redemption Valuation Period preceding the 
Early Redemption Valuation Period in which the Magnet Feature applies. 
Magnet Performance means, in relation to the Magnet Feature, the value expressed as a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent on an Early Redemption Valuation Period, as follows: 
𝑀𝑎𝑔𝑛𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 =  𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑀𝑎𝑔𝑛𝑒𝑡 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟;  𝑀𝑎𝑔𝑛𝑒𝑡 𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡 𝑂𝑓 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑖−1 )  
Where: 
"Magnet Floor" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Magnet Worst Of Performancei-1" means the performance of the Worst Of Underlying in the 
Early Redemption Valuation Period "i-1" calculated on the basis of the following formula: 
𝑅𝑉𝑖−1
𝐼𝑅𝑉 
Where: 
"RVi-1" means the Reference Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Period "i-1" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"IRV" means the Initial Reference Value of the relevant Worst of Underlying; 
Management Company is the entity responsible for the management of the Fund; 
Market Disruption means any event occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day that is deemed 
to be a Market Disruption pursuant to Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event); 
Market Value means, in the case of a Market Disruption Event or Adjustment Event that as a 
consequence of which the Issuer redeems early the Securities, an amount at the market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith pursuant to reasonable market practice and 
aiming to neutralise the effects which the Market Disruption Event or Adjustment Event cause to the 
Certificates; 
Margin means the value expressed as percentage, which may also be equal to zero, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 130 ---
130
Maximum Exercise Number means the maximum number of Warrants that may be exercised by the 
Securityholder, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Maximum Level means, in relation to each Series, the value of the Underlying, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and determined by the Calculation Agent, upon which the Issuer can opt to not 
carry out the issue of the Certificates and the relevant offer shall be deemed consequently cancelled 
pursuant to the applicable Final Terms;  
Memory Effect means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to the Digital Amount 
and the Participation Remuneration Amount if there are several Digital Valuation Periods or several 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods. 
The Memory Effect will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value or the 
Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Memory Level on the relevant Memory 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Memory Valuation Period, equal to, higher than or 
lower than the relevant Memory Level; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Memory Level during the 
relevant Memory Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Memory Level and the relevant Down Range Memory Level (included or excluded in 
the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Memory Valuation 
Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Memory Effect may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Memory Effect may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at 
least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Memory Level (or the Up Range Memory Level and 
the Down Range Memory Level) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for 
the purposes of the determination of the Memory Effect. 
If the Memory Effect occurs, the Securityholder will receive, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Digital Amount(s)/Participation Remuneration Amount(s) which is/are not due because of the non-
occurrence of the relevant Digital Event/Participation Remuneration Amount Event or the non-
occurrence of the Memory Effect in a previous Memory Valuation Period. 
If the Memory Effect occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Memory Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Memory Effect in relation 
to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Memory Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Memory Effect, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Memory Level will be specified 
for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Memory Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days, or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the relevant Memory Effect has occurred. In the event of more Memory Valuation 
Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Memory Valuation Period, the Second 
Memory Valuation Period, or the n-th Memory Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Memory 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Memory Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Memory Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Minimum Exercise Amount means the minimum amount of Securities which can be exercised and is 
set out in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each issue;  
Minimum Level means, in the case of Fund Securities, the interest rate swap value as determined on 
the Determination Date, whose term coincides with the lifetime of the Certificates. The Minimum Level 
upon which, if reached, the Calculation Agent determines the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms and as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Minimum Trading Amount means the amount of Securities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, in relation to each Series admitted to trading;  
MREL Disqualification Event means, in relation to the Certificates that qualify as MREL eligible 
liabilities in the applicable Final Terms, the event occurring if, at any time, by reason of the 
introduction of, or a change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer at the Issue Date, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Certificates is 
or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements provided that:  
(i) 
the exclusion of a Series of such Certificates from the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Certificates being less than any period prescribed thereunder, 
does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event;  
(ii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Certificates from the MREL Requirements due to 
there being insufficient headroom for such Certificates within a prescribed exception to the 
otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities (to the extent applicable to 
Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group) does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and  
(iii) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of such Certificates from the MREL Requirements as 
a result of such Certificates being purchased by or on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo or as a result

--- Page 132 ---
132
of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by Intesa Sanpaolo, does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event;  
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to Intesa 
Sanpaolo and/or the Group, from time to time (including any applicable transitional or grandfathering 
provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and 
any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant 
Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to Intesa Sanpaolo and/or the Group), as any 
of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations 
may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time;  
Multiple Amounti means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the amount that will be determined 
as specified under Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); 
Multiple Level Option means, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and if several 
Digital Levels have been provided in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period, the determination 
method of the Digital Level pursuant to which the relevant Final Terms will indicate the Digital 
Amount 1 and the Digital Amount 2, and so on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, 
the Digital Level 2 and so on. In the event of more Digital Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 and so on in relation to each Digital Valuation 
Period. In this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount relating 
to the higher Digital Level reached by the Reference Value;  
Multiple Participation Factori means each percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to each Multiple Strike Eventi; 
Multiple Strike Eventi means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the event occurring if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Value, as specified from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
is equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli on the relevant 
Multiple Strike Valuation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
has been, at least once during the relevant Multiple Strike Valuation Period, equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli; and/or 
(iii) 
has never been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Multiple Strike Leveli during 
the relevant Multiple Strike Valuation Period; and/or 
(iv) 
has fallen at least once or has never fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Multiple Strike Leveli and the relevant Down Range Multiple Strike Leveli (included or 
excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on/during the relevant Multiple 
Strike Valuation Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Multiple Strike Eventi may be determined 
in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case 
of Securities linked to a Basket, the Multiple Strike Eventi may be determined in relation to the Basket 
or to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these 
cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Multiple Strike Leveli (or the Up Range Multiple

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Strike Leveli and the Down Range Multiple Strike Leveli) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent 
that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the Multiple Strike Eventi. 
If a Multiple Strike Eventi occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Multiple Strike Leveli means each value that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
triggers the occurrence of each Multiple Strike Eventi, provided that a Multiple Strike Eventi may only 
occur once in respect of each Multiple Strike Leveli. 
The Multiple Strike Leveli is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or the 
Reference Value or as a value expressed as a percentage or by a predetermined value, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Multiple Strike Valuation Period. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Multiple Strike Leveli will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Multiple Strike Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days, or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Multiple Strike Eventi has occurred. In the event of more 
Multiple Strike Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Multiple Strike 
Valuation Period, the Second Multiple Strike Valuation Period, or the n-th Multiple Strike 
Valuation Period. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for different Underlyings in relation to each Multiple Strike 
Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Multiple Strike Valuation Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of the Multiple Strike Valuation Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Multiplier means the amount of Underlying which is related to a single Certificate or Covered 
Warrant, specified as a predetermined value in the applicable Final Terms or determined according to 
the method of calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Multiplier may also be equal to 1; 
NAV means the net asset value for each share or unit of the Fund as calculated and published by the 
Fund Manager; 
Net Profit Feature means the calculation method, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, for the determination of the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, pursuant to which the 
Remuneration Sum will be deducted from the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, provided 
that the resulting amount cannot be lower than zero; 
Non Quanto Securities means, in relation to Cash Settled Securities when the Underlying Reference 
Currency differs from the Settlement Currency, that the Quanto Option does not apply; 
Notional Amount means, in relation to Warrants, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 134 ---
134
Notional Amountt means, in relation to the Interest Rate Warrants, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to each Floating Amount Determination Period; 
N-th Near-by Initial Date means, when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the Initial Reference Value will be determined on the basis 
of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace the Futures Contract indicated as Underlying of the 
Securities. 
When the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the Futures Contract on the N-th Near-by Initial 
Date, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Offer Period means the period indicated by the Issuer for the subscription in relation to the Series, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
One Star Determination Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, on which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the One Star Event has occurred. In the event of more One Star 
Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First One Star Determination 
Period, the Second One Star Determination Period, or the n-th One Star Determination Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on any One Star Determination Period or on 
one Exchange Business Day of any One Star Determination Period, the provisions set out within 
Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
One Star Event means, in relation to One Star Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation 
Agent determines that, with reference to the Worst Of Underlying (or, in case of Basket, the Basket 
Constituent with the worst Performance) or the Best Of Underlying (or, in case of Basket, the Basket 
Constituent with the best Performance) the Reference Value, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant One Star Determination Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been 
equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant One Star Trigger Level on the relevant One 
Star Determination Period; and/or  
(ii) 
if the relevant One Star Determination Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than 
or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant One Star Trigger Level 
on the relevant One Star Determination Period or during the relevant One Star 
Determination Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant One Star Determination Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen 
within or out of a range between the relevant Upper One Star Trigger Level and the 
relevant Lower One Star Trigger Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant One Star Determination Period or on any 
Exchange Business Day of the relevant One Star Determination Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant One Star Determination Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has 
fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always 
fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Upper One

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Star Trigger Level and the relevant Lower One Star Trigger Level (included or excluded in 
the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant One Star Determination 
Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant One Star Determination Period or 
during the relevant One Star Determination Period. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one One Star Determination Period, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify if the One Star Event will occur in at least one, any or all the One Star 
Determination Periods. 
If the One Star Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
One Star Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
One Star Selection Period means, when the One Star Trigger Level is determined as specified at point 
(iv) of the definition of "One Star Trigger Level", one or more periods composed of one or more 
Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which the 
Calculation Agent determines the highest or the lowest Reference Value (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) of each Underlying (or, in case of Basket, of each Basket Constituent) in order to 
determine the One Star Trigger Level. In the event of more One Star Selection Periods, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate the First One Star Selection Period, the Second One Star Selection 
Period, or the n-th One Star Selection Period; 
One Star Trigger Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings 
or Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the One Star Event. 
Such value may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a predetermined value; or  
(iii) 
a percentage of the Strike; or  
(iv) 
a percentage of the highest or the lowest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) Reference 
Value registered during the One Star Selection Period. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant One Star Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the One Star Trigger Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Open End Feature means, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the feature applicable to the 
Benchmark Certificates, Constant Leverage Certificates and Turbo Certificates pursuant to which the 
securities have no term and therefore the Exercise Date is not applicable. In this case, the Certificates 
can be early redeemed upon exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer or, if applicable, the exercise of 
the Put Option by the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only 
applicable to Certificates)); 
Outstanding Amount means, if an Early Partial Capital Payment Amount is provided in the relevant 
Final Terms, on the relevant Outstanding Amount Determination Date, the Issue Price less the sum of 
any Early Partial Capital Payment Amounts paid up to and including such relevant Outstanding 
Amount Determination Date.

--- Page 136 ---
136
Outstanding Amount Determination Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the Outstanding Amount; 
Participation Combo Feature means, in relation to Certificates linked to a Basket or to more 
Underlyings that are not a Basket, the feature in relation to the calculation of a Participation 
Remuneration Amount, pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will determine the Participation 
Remuneration Amount payable in relation to the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to each single Basket Constituent or each single 
Underlying. Therefore, the Participation Remuneration Amount payable will be either, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (i) the arithmetic mean of the Participation Remuneration Amounts due in 
relation to each single Basket Constituent or each single Underlying, or (ii) the weighted average of the 
Participation Remuneration Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent or each single 
Underlying, or (iii) the sum of the Participation Remuneration Amounts due in relation to each single 
Basket Constituent or each single Underlying. In this case, for each single Basket Constituent or each 
single Underlying the applicable Final Terms will specify, if applicable, (1) the relevant CAP, and/or 
(2) the Floor Percentage, and/or (3) the Participation Factor, and/or (4) the Strike Remuneration 
Percentage, and/or (5) the Base Premium Percentage and/or (6) the Participation Remuneration Amount 
Gearing; 
Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
Participation Performance Period means, if applicable in relation to the relevant Participation 
Remuneration Amount, one or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms, starting from the 
Participation Valuation Date(s)j and ending on the Participation Valuation Date(s)t, during which the 
performance of the relevant Underlying is determined for the purposes of the calculation of the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Amount. In the event of more Participation Performance Periods, the 
relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Participation Performance Period, the Second 
Participation Performance Period, or the n-th Participation Performance Period; 
Participation Rebate Amount means, if a Participation Rebate Event has occurred, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms for each Series; 
Participation Rebate Event means the event occurring when the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Reference Value, or the Spread or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has 
been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation Rebate Level on the 
relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period; and/or  
(ii) 
if the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, 
(1) has never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, 
higher than or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Participation 
Rebate Level on the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period or during the relevant 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has 
fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Participation Rebate Level 
and the relevant Down Range Participation Rebate Level (included or excluded in the 
range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Participation Rebate

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Participation Rebate 
Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, 
(1) has fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has 
always fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up 
Range Participation Rebate Level and the relevant Down Range Participation Rebate Level 
(included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period or during the relevant Participation Rebate Valuation 
Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Participation Rebate Event may be 
determined in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In case of Securities linked to a Basket, the Participation Rebate Event may be determined in 
relation to the Basket or to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In these cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Participation Rebate Level 
(or the Up Range Participation Rebate Level and the Down Range Participation Rebate Level) of each 
Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the 
Participation Rebate Event. 
If the Participation Rebate occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Participation Rebate Feature means, in relation to the calculation of the Participation Rebate Amount, 
the feature pursuant to which the Participation Remuneration Amount potentially payable after the 
occurrence of a Participation Rebate Event will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders. In 
particular, if Participation Rebate Event occurs during a Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the 
Securityholder will receive the specified Participation Rebate Amount on the relevant payment date 
following the Participation Rebate Valuation Period in which the Participation Rebate Event has 
occurred; 
Participation Rebate Level means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to each 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period. For the purposes of the Participation Rebate Event, the 
Participation Rebate Level is determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant Final Terms. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Participation Rebate Event, at least one, 
any or all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Participation 
Rebate Level will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period means, in relation to the Participation Rebate Level, one or 
more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Participation 
Rebate Event has occurred. In the event of more Participation Rebate Valuation Periods, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate the First Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the Second Participation 
Rebate Valuation Period, or the n-th Participation Rebate Valuation Period.

--- Page 138 ---
138
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Participation Rebate Valuation Period 
or on one Exchange Business Day of the Participation Rebate Valuation Period, the provisions set out 
within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Participation Remuneration Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the 
Securityholder, if positive, on the relevant Participation Remuneration Payment Date per each 
Minimum Exercise Amount pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions).  
The Participation Remuneration Amount may be, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, "Long 
Participation Remuneration Amount Form A" and/or "Long Participation Remuneration Amount 
Form B" and/or "Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form C" and/or "Short Participation 
Remuneration Amount" and/or "Spread Participation Remuneration Amount". 
In case of more than one Participation Remuneration Amount, the relevant Final Terms will specify the 
Participation Remuneration Amount 1, the Participation Remuneration Amount 2, and so on. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms may provide for more than one Participation 
Remuneration Amount also in relation to the same Participation Remuneration Event and/or in relation 
to the same Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period (if applicable) and/or in relation to the 
same Participation Performance Period and/or in the same Participation Valuation Date and/or in 
relation to the same Participation Remuneration Payment Date; 
Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing means the value specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Participation Remuneration Event means the event occurring if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Reference Value or the Spread, or the Cumulated Performance (in the case of 
Multiperformance Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period is of one Exchange 
Business Day, has been equal to, higher than or lower than the relevant Participation 
Remuneration Level on the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period; 
and/or  
(ii) 
if the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period is of more Exchange 
Business Days, (1) has never been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always 
been equal to, higher than or lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business 
Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Level on the relevant Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period or during the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period is of one Exchange 
Business Day, has fallen within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range 
Participation Remuneration Level and the relevant Down Range Participation 
Remuneration Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period or on any 
Exchange Business Day of the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period is of more Exchange 
Business Days, (1) has fallen at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or 
out of or (3) has always fallen within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Business Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between 
the relevant Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and the relevant Down Range 
Participation Remuneration Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period 
or on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period or during the relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Participation Remuneration Event may be 
determined in relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In case of Securities linked to a Basket, the Participation Remuneration Event may be 
determined in relation to the Basket or to at least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Participation 
Remuneration Level (or the Up Range Participation Remuneration Level and the Down Range 
Participation Remuneration Level) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for 
the purposes of the determination of the Participation Remuneration Event. 
If a Participation Remuneration Event occurs, the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of 
the relevant Participation Remuneration Amount, if positive.  
In the case of Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in the 
relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event in relation to one or more 
Underlyings and the applicable Final Terms will specify the Participation Remuneration Level for each 
Underlying. In particular, for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Participation 
Remuneration Event, the applicable Final Terms will specify the number of Underlyings in relation to 
which the Participation Remuneration Event has to occur.  
If the Participation Remuneration Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or 
more Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which the Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Participation Remuneration Event has occurred. 
In the event of more Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate the First Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period, the Second Participation 
Remuneration Event Valuation Period, or the n-th Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period or on one Exchange Business Day of the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Participation Remuneration Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the 
Participation Remuneration Event in relation to the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the 
relevant Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period.  
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or

--- Page 140 ---
140
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In the case of Cliquet Feature, the applicable Final Terms will specify the method for changing the 
Participation Remuneration Level in relation to one or more Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Periods. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Participation Remuneration Event, at least 
one, any or all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Participation 
Remuneration Level will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Participation Remuneration Payment Date means one or more Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the Participation Remuneration Amount to the 
Securityholders. 
If an amount shall be paid on a Participation Remuneration Payment Date and the payment of such 
amount depends upon the occurrence of a specific event, should the valuation date in which the 
Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount 
be postponed (by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event), the relevant Participation Remuneration Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. The 
Participation Remuneration Payment Date shall not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten Business 
Days; 
Participation Valuation Date(s) means, in relation to the relevant Participation Remuneration 
Amount, each Exchange Business Day or Exchange Business Days or the Specific Period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in which the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the 
purposes of the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amount. In particular, for each 
Participation Remuneration Amount, the "RVj" (as defined under the formulas of the Participation 
Remuneration Amount in Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions)) will be determined on the "Participation 
Valuation Date(s)j" (if applicable) and the "RVt" (as defined under the formulas of the Participation 
Remuneration Amount in Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions)) will be determined on the "Participation 
Valuation Date(s)t". 
In the event that the "RVj" coincides with the Initial Reference Value and such value is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms as a predetermined value or values, the Participation Valuation Datej will coincide 
with the Issue Date; 
Path Dependency Effect means a calculation method of the Digital Amount, described in Condition 23 
(Pay-out provisions), according to which the Digital Amount may increase in relation to each Digital 
Valuation Period; 
Path Dependency Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
Path Dependency Effect; 
Payout Value Long or PAVL means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates, the 
Value of the Underlying calculated at the end of each Exchange Business Day "t" (as defined below) as 
follows: 
1) 
In case of an Index as Underlying:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
If an Intraday Reset Event has not occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡) 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVLt" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVLt-1" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PAVL0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"PerfBt" means the performance boost on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡= [1 + 𝐾∙( 𝑈𝐿𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)] 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"UL0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"CostCompt" means the cost component on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡= − (𝐾−1) ∙[𝑅𝑅 𝑡−1 + 𝑆𝐶𝑡+  𝑚𝑖𝑛(0;𝑋𝐶𝐶𝑌𝑡−1)] ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"SCt" means the Spread Cost on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"SC0" means the Spread Cost on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"XCCYt-1" means the Cross Currency Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1";

--- Page 142 ---
142
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
If an Intraday Reset Event has occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡= max {0; 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖⋅[1 + 𝐾∙( 𝑈𝐿𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
−1)]} 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVLt" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVLIREi" means: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event occurred (i = 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖) 
Where: 
"𝑷𝑨𝑽𝑳𝒕−𝟏" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PerfBIREi" means the performance boost calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 + 𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)]     
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+]; 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"CostCompIREi" means the cost component calculated as follows:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝IREi = − (𝐾−1) ∙[𝑅𝑅 𝑡−1 + 𝑆𝐶𝑡+  𝑚𝑖𝑛(0; 𝑋𝐶𝐶𝑌𝑡−1)] ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date 
to and including the Valuation Date; 
"SCt" means the Spread Cost on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"SC0" means the Spread Cost on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"XCCYt-1" means the Cross Currency Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
(ii) For any Intraday Reset Event occurred after the first one (i > 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1 ∙𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖     
Where: 
"PerfBIREi" means the performance boost calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 + 𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
−1)] 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+] 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
2) 
In case of a Share as Underlying: 
If an Intraday Reset Event has not occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡)

--- Page 144 ---
144
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVLt" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVLt-1" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PAVL0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"PerfBt" means the performance boost on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡= {1 + 𝐾∙[𝑈𝐿𝑡+ (1 −𝑇𝑎𝑥𝐴𝐹𝑡) ∙𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1]} 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"UL0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"TaxAFt" means Tax Adjustment Factor on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"TaxAF0" means the Tax Adjustment Factor on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Divt" means any ordinary gross cash dividend distributed in relation to the relevant Share on 
the Exchange Business Day "t". The Divt will be available from time to time on the Dividend 
Publication specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"CostCompt" means the cost component on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡= − (𝐾−1) ∙[𝑅𝑅 𝑡−1 + 𝑆𝐶𝑡+  𝑚𝑖𝑛(0;𝑋𝐶𝐶𝑌𝑡−1)] ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1";

--- Page 145 ---
145 
"SCt" means the Spread Cost on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"SC0" means the Spread Cost on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"XCCYt-1" means the Cross Currency Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
If an Intraday Reset Event has occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡= max {0; 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖⋅[1 + 𝐾∙( 𝑈𝐿𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
−1)]} 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVLt" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVLIREi" means: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event occurred (i = 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖) 
Where: 
"𝑷𝑨𝑽𝑳𝒕−𝟏" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PerfBIREi" means the performance boost calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 + 𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖 +(1 −𝑇𝑎𝑥𝐴𝐹𝑡) ∙𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)]     
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"TaxAFt" means Tax Adjustment Factor on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"TaxAF0" means the Tax Adjustment Factor on the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Divt" means any ordinary gross cash dividend distributed in relation to the 
relevant Share on the Exchange Business Day "t". The Divt will be available from

--- Page 146 ---
146
time to time on the Dividend Publication specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+] 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"CostCompIREi" means the cost component calculated as follows: 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝IREi = − (𝐾−1) ∙[𝑅𝑅𝑡−1 + 𝑆𝐶𝑡+  𝑚𝑖𝑛(0; 𝑋𝐶𝐶𝑌𝑡−1)] ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date 
to and including the Valuation Date; 
"SCt" means the Spread Cost on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"SC0" means the Spread Cost on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"XCCYt-1" means the Cross Currency Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
(ii) For any Intraday Reset Event occurred after the first one (i > 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1 ∙𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖  
Where: 
"PerfBIREi" means the performance boost calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 + 𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
−1)] 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+] 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
Payout Value Short or PAVS means, in relation to Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the 
Value of the Underlying calculated at the end of each Exchange Business Day "t" (as defined below) as 
follows: 
1) 
In case of an Index as Underlying: 
If an Intraday Reset Event has not occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡) 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVSt" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVSt-1" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PAVS0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"PerfBt" means the performance boost on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡= [1 −𝐾∙( 𝑈𝐿𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)] 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"UL0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"CostCompt" means the cost component on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows:

--- Page 148 ---
148
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡= +(𝐾+ 1) ∙[𝑅𝑅 𝑡−1 + 𝑚𝑖𝑛(0; 𝑋𝐶𝐶𝑌𝑡−1)] ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹−𝐾⋅𝑅𝑝𝑅𝑡⋅𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"XCCYt-1" means the Cross Currency Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"RpRt" means the Repo Rate on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"RpR0" means the Repo Rate on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
If an Intraday Reset Event has occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡= max {0; 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖⋅[1 −𝐾∙( 𝑈𝐿𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
−1)]} 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVSt" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVSIREi" means: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event occurred (i = 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖) 
Where: 
"𝑷𝑨𝑽𝑺𝒕−𝟏" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PerfBIREi" means the performance boost calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 −𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖 
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)]     
Where:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
"K " means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑎𝑥𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+]; 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"CostCompIREi" means the cost component calculated as follows: 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝IREi = + (𝐾+ 1) ∙[𝑅𝑅 𝑡−1 + 𝑚𝑖𝑛(0; 𝑋𝐶𝐶𝑌𝑡−1)] ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹−𝐾⋅𝑅𝑝𝑅𝑡⋅𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date 
to and including the Valuation Date; 
"XCCYt-1" means the Cross Currency Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"RpRt" means the Repo Rate on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"RpR0" means the Repo Rate on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
(ii) For any Intraday Reset Event occurred after the first one (i > 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1 ∙𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖  
Where: 
"PerfBIREi" is calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 −𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
−1)] 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0)

--- Page 150 ---
150
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑎𝑥𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+] 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
2) 
In case of a Share as Underlying: 
If an Intraday Reset Event has not occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡) 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVSt" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVSt-1" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PAVS0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"PerfBt" means the performance boost on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝑡= [1 −𝐾∙(𝑈𝐿𝑡+ 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)] 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"UL0" means the Initial Reference Value; 
"Divt" means any ordinary gross cash dividend distributed in relation to the relevant Share on 
the Exchange Business Day "t". The Divt will be available from time to time on the Dividend 
Publication specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 151 ---
151 
"CostCompt" means the cost component on Exchange Business Day "t" calculated as follows: 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑡= +(𝐾+ 1) ∙𝑅𝑅𝑡−1 ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹−𝐾⋅𝑅𝑝𝑅𝑡⋅𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and 
including the Valuation Date; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"RpRt" means the Repo Rate on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"RpR0" means the Repo Rate on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
If an Intraday Reset Event has occurred: 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡= max {0; 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖⋅[1 −𝐾∙( 𝑈𝐿𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
−1)]} 
Where: 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date to and including 
the Valuation Date; 
"PAVSt" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"PAVSIREi" means: 
(i) For the first Intraday Reset Event occurred (i = 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝑡−1 ∙(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖+ 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖) 
Where: 
"𝑷𝑨𝑽𝑺𝒕−𝟏" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"PerfBIREi" means the performance boost calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 −𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖 +𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑈𝐿𝑡−1
−1)]     
Where:

--- Page 152 ---
152
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULt-1" means the Reference Value on the Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"Divt" means any ordinary gross cash dividend distributed in relation to the 
relevant Share on the Exchange Business Day "t". The Divt will be available from 
time to time on the Dividend Publication specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑎𝑥𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+] 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
"CostCompIREi" is calculated as follows: 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝IREi = +(𝐾+ 1) ∙𝑅𝑅𝑡−1 ∙𝐷𝐶𝐹−𝐾⋅𝑅𝑝𝑅𝑡⋅𝐷𝐶𝐹 
Where: 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RRt-1" means the Reference Rate on Exchange Business Day "t-1"; 
"t" means any Exchange Business Day from and including the Determination Date 
to and including the Valuation Date; 
"RpRt" means the Repo Rate on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"RpR0" means the Repo Rate on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction; 
(ii) For any Intraday Reset Event occurred after the first one (i > 1): 
𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑃𝐴𝑉𝑆𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1 ∙𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖  
Where: 
"PerfBIREi" is calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝐵𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= [1 −𝐾∙(
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖−1
−1)] 
Where:

--- Page 153 ---
153 
"K" means the Constant Leverage Factor (which will always be higher than 0) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ULIREi" means the Reference Value calculated as follows: 
𝑈𝐿𝐼𝑅𝐸𝑖= 𝑚𝑎𝑥𝜈∈[𝜃,𝜃+][𝑈𝐿𝑡,𝜈] 
Where: 
"ULt,v" means the Intraday Value on time "v"; 
"v" means an instant of time within the period [𝜃, 𝜃+] 
"[θ, θ+]" means the Intraday Reset Event Observation Period; 
Performance Cap means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Floor means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Observation Date(s) means, in relation to Buffer Protection Certificates and Global 
Performance Certificates, the Exchange Business Day(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, on which 
the Calculation Agent determines the performance of the relevant Underlying, for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Performance Sum and the Global Performance, as the case may be; 
Performance means the performance of an Underlying or a Basket Constituent determined by the 
Calculation Agent according to one of the following formulas:  
(i) on the Valuation Date: 
(a) In case of Long Strategy: Performance = 
FRV
IRV −1 
or 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance = 1 −
FRV
IRV 
or 
(b) In case of Long Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (
𝐹𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)  
or 
In case of Short Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (1 −
𝐹𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉) 
Where:  
"P" means the Performance Participation Factor; 
(ii) during the life of the Certificates: 
(a) In case of Long Strategy: Performance = 
RV
IRV −1

--- Page 154 ---
154
In case of Short Strategy: Performance = 1 −
RV
IRV 
or 
(b) In case of Long Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (
𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)  
In case of Short Strategy: Performance =  𝑃 𝑥 (1 −
𝑅𝑉
𝐼𝑅𝑉) 
Where:  
"P" means the Performance Participation Factor; 
In each case, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the application of a Performance Cap and/or a 
Performance Floor. 
If Spread is applicable, the performance of the two Underlyings for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Spread will be indicated, respectively, as "Performance of the Underlying A" and "Performance 
of the Underlying B"; 
Performance Participation Factor means, in relation to the determination of the Performance of the 
Underlying, the multiplier factor specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Performance Sum means, in relation to the Buffer Protection Certificates, the sum of the performances 
percentages of the relevant Underlying as determined, in respect of any Performance Observation Date, 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
In case of Long Strategy: ∑
(
𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉−1)
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
(ii) In case of Short Strategy: ∑
(1 −
𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉)
𝑛
𝑡=1
 
Where: 
"n" means the number of the Performance Observation Dates; and 
"RVt" means the Reference Value calculated on the Performance Observation Date "t". 
In each case, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the application of a Performance Sum Cap 
and/or a Performance Floor. 
Performance Sum Cap means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Performance Sum Floor means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Physical Delivery Securities means Share Securities or Govies Securities that entitle their holders to 
receive from the Issuer, on the Settlement Date, the Entitlement; 
Plus Amount means, if applicable, one or more amounts indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to be 
paid to the Securityholder for each Minimum Exercise Amount on the relevant Plus Payment Date;

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Plus Payment Date means one or more Business Days, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which 
the Issuer shall pay the Plus Amount to the Securityholders; 
Pre-Conversion Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and 
Constant Leverage Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Certificates before the application of the Reverse Split; 
Predetermined Loss Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
determined according to the following formula, if provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
(Final Reference Value/Initial Reference Value – 1) x Issue Price 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value are referred to 
the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may differ from the Underlying used to 
determine the occurrence of the Barrier Event and/or from the Underlying used to the determine the 
Cash Settlement Amount; 
Predetermined Loss Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Premium means the price of issue of the Warrants specified from time to time in applicable Final 
Terms as an amount and/or as a percentage of the Notional Amount; 
Premium Determination Method(s) means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the Floating Premium, 
the Fixed Premium and the Difference in Rates, pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions) and 
specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Premium Determination Method;  
Premium Determination Period means, in relation to Gap Certificates and the Premium Gap Amount, 
one or more periods specified in the applicable Final Terms during which the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount is determined. In the event of more Premium Determination Periods, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate the First Premium Determination Period, the Second Premium Determination Period, 
or the n-th Premium Determination Period; 
Premium Gap Amount(s) means, in relation to one or more Premium Determination Period(s), the 
amount(s) in the Settlement Currency to be paid to the Securityholder on the Premium Gap Payment 
Date per each Minimum Exercise Amount, calculated pursuant to Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions); 
Premium Gap Observation Period(s) means, in relation to Gap Certificates and the Premium Gap 
Amount: 
a) If a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the actual number of days comprised in the relevant 
Premium Determination Period; 
b) If a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the actual number of days comprised in the relevant 
Premium Determination Period from the initial day (included or excluded as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) of such Premium Determination Period to the Barrier Gap Event Date 
(included or excluded as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
Premium Gap Payment Date means one or more Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on which the Issuer shall pay the Premium Gap Amount to the Securityholders. 
If an amount shall be paid on a Premium Gap Payment Date, should the valuation date in which the

--- Page 156 ---
156
Calculation Agent determines the Reference Value for the purposes of the calculation of such amount 
be postponed (by way of example and without limitation, for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event), the relevant Premium Gap Payment Date may be postponed accordingly. The Premium Gap 
Payment Date shall not, in any case, be postponed beyond ten Business Days; 
Premium Margin means, in the case of Gap Certificates, a value expressed as basis points specified by 
the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (the Premium Margin may be equal to zero if the Issuer decides 
not to apply it for the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap Amount); 
Premium Percentage means, in the case of Gap Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Protection Amount means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Protection Level means the value or the values specified in the relevant Final Terms that may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value; or  
(ii) a value expressed as a percentage; or  
(iii) a predetermined value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will indicate in the relevant Final Terms 
the Protection Level for each Underlying; 
Protection Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Purchase Price means, in relation to Digital Certificates, the price at which the Digital Certificates may 
be subscribed by the investor in an exempt offer, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Purchase Price will be lower than the Issue Price; 
Put Exercise Date means the Exchange Business Day on which the Certificates are redeemed, 
following the exercise of the Put Option. If the Put Valuation Period is applicable, the Put Exercise 
Date coincides with the last Exchange Business Day of the relevant Put Valuation Period or with the 
Put Valuation Period, if it is composed by one Exchange Business Day. If the Put Valuation Period is 
specified as ‘not applicable’, the Put Exercise Date is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Put Notice Period means the date(s) – indicated in the applicable Final Terms – by which the 
Securityholder shall notify, in accordance with Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only 
applicable to Certificates)) below, the intention to exercise the Put Option in the relevant Put Exercise 
Date; 
Put Option means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the option to request the redemption of 
the Certificates which can be irrevocably exercised by the Securityholders during the Put Notice Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms pursuant to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only 
applicable to Certificates)) below. Following the exercise of the Put Option, the Certificates indicated 
by the Securityholders will be redeemed and such Securityholders will be entitled to receive the Cash 
Settlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant Put Option Amount, if 
applicable; 
Put Option Amount means one or more amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
Securityholders are entitled to receive following the exercise of the Put Option, in addition to the Cash

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Settlement Amount; 
Put Option Exercise Notice means the notice drawn up and to be sent by the Securityholder pursuant 
to Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)) below and pursuant 
to the applicable Final Terms; 
Put Valuation Period means, in relation to the Put Option and if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business Days or the Specific 
Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Calculation Agent determines the 
Reference Value. In the event of more Put Valuation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the 
First Put Valuation Period, the Second Put Valuation Period, or the n-th Put Valuation Period. 
If the applicable payout formula of the Cash Settlement Amount includes the Final Reference Value, if 
the Put Option is exercised by the Securityholder, the Reference Value determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the relevant Put Valuation Period will be considered as Final Reference Value. 
The Put Valuation Period, if applicable, may only begin after the Put Notice Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on a Put Valuation Period or on one Exchange 
Business Day of the Put Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) (Market 
Disruption Event) will apply; 
Qualifying Certificates means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; (C) have the 
same redemption rights as the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities; (D) preserve any 
existing rights under the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities to any due but unpaid 
amounts which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the payment 
date immediately preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Certificates immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in 
Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a 
holder of the Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international 
standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Certificates that qualify as 
eligible liabilities; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Certificates were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution. 
Quanto Option means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Underlying 
Reference Currency is, for the purpose of the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount or Early 
Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early Amounts or Early Partial Capital 
Payment and the relevant events, in any case conventionally denominated in the Settlement Currency 
and the Exchange Rate is not applicable and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on such 
amount(s) are neutralised;

--- Page 158 ---
158
Quanto Securities means, in relation to Cash Settled Securities when the Underlying Reference 
Currency differs from the Settlement Currency, that the Quanto Option applies; 
Rainbow Feature means, in relation to the Certificates linked to a Basket, the determination method in 
relation to the value of that Basket, provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms. Unlike the 
securities linked to one or more Underlyings, the Issuer will indicate in the applicable Final Terms: (i) 
the financial activities which represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) the relative weighting within the 
Basket without any preliminary reference to specific financial activities and (iii) the objective criteria 
pursuant to which the weight will be allocated by the Calculation Agent (by way of example, in a 
Basket constituted by three financial activities, the Basket would be weighted as follows: 50% for the 
Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30% for the Basket Constituent with the worst 
performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with the second best performance). For each 
determination (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date), the Calculation Agent will 
weigh the relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance registered on such 
determination date and pursuant to the formula set out in the applicable Final Terms. The allocation of 
the weights within a Basket may result differently on each determination date and depending on the 
performance of the Basket Constituents. 
Once the Calculation Agent has carried out the weighting of the Basket on the relevant determination 
date, the Calculation Agent will calculate the total amount of the Basket pursuant to the methods 
applied on the instruments normally linked to the Basket. 
Such feature shall not apply to Spread Certificates and Multiperformance Certificates; 
Record Date means the Business Day that may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, which is the 
last day on which the ownership of the Securities is verified in relation to the right to receive the 
payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount; 
Reduced Initial Listing Price means the price, which may be indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
that will be used in order to determine the initial trading price of the Securities. The Reduced Initial 
Listing Price may be different from the initial trading price of the Securities and will be lower than the 
Issue Price. The Reduced Initial Listing Price will be applicable only in relation to Securities to be 
admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer; 
Reference Rate or RR means, in relation to Premium Gap Amount, Interest Rate Warrants, Floating 
Amount, Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage 
Certificates, the interest rate that will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of Difference in Rates, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Reference Rate 1 
and the Reference Rate 2; 
Reference Source means, in relation to the Underlying, each information provider, electronic page, 
exchange or quotation system in which the Underlying values are available, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such information provider, electronic pages, exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the contracts relating to such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Reference Source); 
Reference Underlying means, in relation to the Underlying of Type A Constant Leverage Certificates, 
the relevant asset (by way of example a stock index, a share, a commodity or its related future contract) 
to which the index sponsor applies the Index Leverage Factor in order to calculate the Value of the 
Underlying, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
In the event of significant and adverse changes in the performance of the Reference Underlying, an 
intra-day recalculation mechanism (intra-day reset) is provided by the index sponsor to prevent that the 
value of the Underlying will become negative due to the Index Leverage Factor. Specifically, when the 
performance of the Reference Underlying is lower (in case of Underlying with long leverage) or higher 
(in case of Underlying with short leverage) than the Trigger Value, the Underlying index sponsor sets a 
new base value for the calculation of the daily performance of the Reference Underlying and, 
consequently, will result in an adjustment of the value of the Underlying; 
Reference Value or RV means the value determined by the Calculation Agent during the relevant 
valuation period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of a Basket, the Reference Value of the Basket will be determined as specified in the 
previous definition of "Basket Value". 
Without prejudice to the definitions of the Final Reference Value and Initial Reference Value set out 
above, in relation to any valuation period during the lifetime of the Certificates, the occurrence of the 
relevant event may be determined pursuant to the following provisions, as specified from time to time 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to each Underlying, or Basket, or Basket Constituent and the related Reference Value 
determined as specified below, only the changes published by the Issuer with a notice on its website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com shall be taken into account. 
If the Underlying is one or more financial asset(s) (and not a Basket): 
(A) the Value of the Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the Value of any or 
all Underlying(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant valuation 
period, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean or a percentage of such arithmetic mean of the Values of the 
Underlying (or, in case of more than one Underlying, the arithmetic mean or a percentage 
of such arithmetic mean of the Values of each Underlying or of the Underlying(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant valuation period, ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent on the last Exchange Business Day or on the last Specific Period of 
such valuation period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and determined pursuant 
to the following formula:  
𝑅𝑉= 𝐴𝑟𝑖𝑡ℎ𝑚𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × (1
𝑥 × ∑𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
) 
Where: 
"Arithmetic Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if not specified, the Arithmetic Percentage will be equal to 
100%); 
"x" is the number of the dates of such valuation period, specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
"Underlyingz" is the Value of the Underlying as determined on the Exchange Business 
Day "z" or on the Specific Period "z" of such valuation period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 160 ---
160
(C) the minimum or the maximum Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
case of more than one Underlying, the maximum or minimum Value of the Underlying(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) recorded in relation to the Underlying during one 
or more valuation period(s) ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange 
Business Day or on the Specific Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) in case of Exchange Rate Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Reference Value may be equal to the quotient of (a) 1 (as numerator) and (b) the amount 
calculated pursuant to (A), (B) or (C) above (as denominator); or  
(E) when the Underlying is represented by a Futures Contract and if the Futures Contract N-
th Near-by Feature and Rolling are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Value of the Futures Contract N-th Near-by on the relevant valuation period (only 
applicable when such valuation period is set as a single date); or 
(F) in case of Share Securities and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, either  
(i) the Adjusted Price on the relevant valuation period or  
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the Adjusted Price on the relevant valuation period, 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange Business Day or on the Specific 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and determined pursuant to the 
following formula:  
𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐴𝑃𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of valuation period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"APz" is the Adjusted Price of the Underlying(s) as determined on the Exchange Business 
Day "z" or on the Specific Period "z" of such valuation period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Underlying is a Basket: 
(A) 
the Basket Value on the relevant valuation period, as ascertained by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Basket Values on the Exchange Business Days or on the 
Specific Periods of the relevant valuation period as ascertained by the Calculation 
Agent, determined pursuant to the following formula: 
𝑹𝑽= 1
𝑥× ∑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑧
𝑥
𝑧=1
 
 
Where: 
"x" is the number of the Exchanges Business Days or the Specific Period(s) of the 
relevant valuation period, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 161 ---
161 
"Basketz" is the Basket Value as calculated on the Exchange Business Day "z" or on 
the Specific Period "z" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(C) 
the minimum or the maximum Basket Value (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) recorded in relation to the Basket during one or more valuation period(s), 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange Business Day or the Specific 
Period of the relevant valuation period, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(D) 
the Value of one or more or each Basket Constituent (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the relevant valuation period. 
If the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the issuer/the Securityholder, the Reference Value 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the related Call Valuation Period/Put Valuation Period will be 
considered as Final Reference Value, if applicable; 
Registrar means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, as registrar in respect of any Registered 
Securities; 
Register means in the case of Registered Securities, the register kept at the principal office of the 
Registrar; 
Related Exchange means any regulated or non-regulated market where the options, futures or repo 
contracts on an Underlying or a Reference Underlying are traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
Relevant Exchange Business Day means any Exchange Business Day which is relevant to fix the 
Value of the Underlying(s); 
Relevant Asset means, in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the Share or the Govies specified in 
the applicable Final Terms constituting the Deliverable Asset; 
Relevant Authority means the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor authority 
having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the framework of 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in 
accordance with the applicable MREL Requirements and/or, as the context may require, the Italian 
resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 
806/2014, and/or any other authority in Italy or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate 
in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight 
and supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the competent authority or the Relevant Authority, or of the European Parliament and 
Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), (including, but 
not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Certificates, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV, CRR, the BRRD and the SRMR, delegated or implementing acts adopted by 
the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority); 
Remuneration Amount means either the Accumulated Amount, the Cumulated Bonus Amount, the 
Digital Amount, the Extra Consolidation Digital Amount, the Internal Return Amount, the Participation 
Rebate Amount, the Participation Remuneration Amount, the Plus Amount, and/or the Premium Gap 
Amount, as the case may be;

--- Page 162 ---
162
Remuneration Sum means, in relation to the Participation Remuneration Amounts, (i) if the Net Profit 
Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the sum, in respect of any Valuation Date, 
of the Remuneration Amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, if already paid, on the payment 
dates specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if the Tarn Feature is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the sum in respect of any Valuation Date, of the Remuneration Amounts specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, if already paid, on the payment dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Renouncement Notice means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the notice to be 
sent by the Securityholders, prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time (if applicable), to renounce 
any automatic exercise of Securities pursuant to Condition 19 (Exercise rights and procedures (only 
applicable to Warrants)) and Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to 
Certificates)); 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time means, if a Renouncement Notice is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the time limit for sending the Renouncement Notice by the Securityholders 
pursuant to Condition 19 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)) and Condition 
21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)); 
Repo Rate or RpR means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B 
Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the repo rate determined by the Calculation Agent based on the 
prevailing market quotes within the same Exchange Business Day and published on the website of the 
Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Residual Amount means, in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the cash amount which will be 
paid on the Settlement Date if the result of the formula specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
calculating the Entitlement is not a integer number. The Residual Amount will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the decimal part of such number, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Restrike Event means, in relation to the Restrike Feature, the event occurring when the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Reference Value of one or more Underlyings, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (1) is equal to, higher than or lower than, or (2) has been at least once equal to, higher than 
or lower than, or (3) has never been equal to, higher than or lower than, or (4) has always been equal to, 
higher than or lower than, the relevant Restrike Level on the relevant Restrike Observation Period or on 
any Exchange Business Day (specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the relevant Restrike 
Observation Valuation Period. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one Restrike Observation Period, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify if the Restrike Event will occur in at least one, any or all the Restrike 
Observation Periods. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Restrike Event may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Restrike Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at 
least one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the Restrike Level of each Underlying or Basket 
Constituent that will be considered for the purposes of the determination of the Restrike Event. 
Upon occurrence of a Restrike Event, the Initial Reference Value and all the value and levels dependant 
from the Initial Reference Value (such as the Barrier Level, the Cap Level, the Multiplier and so forth) 
will be consequently amended.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
If the Restrike Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Restrike Feature means, in relation to Max Long/Short Certificates, as better specified in Condition 23 
(Pay-out provisions), the calculation method pursuant to which, on the occurrence of a Restrike Event, 
the Initial Reference Value will be automatically set at a percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
which is equal to the Restrike Percentage, as indicated from time to time in the relevant Final Terms. 
All the values and levels dependant from the Initial Reference Value (such as the Barrier Level, the Cap 
Level, the Multiplier and so forth) will be consequently amended; 
Restrike Level means in relation to the relevant Underlying, the value determined as a percentage of 
the Initial Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Restrike 
Observation Period. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Restrike Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Restrike Level will be specified 
for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Restrike Observation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange 
Business Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the 
Calculation Agent determines if the relevant Restrike Event has occurred. In the event of more Restrike 
Observation Periods, the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Restrike Observation Period, the 
Second Restrike Observation Period, or the n-th Restrike Observation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Restrike Observation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Restrike Observation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 
15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Restrike Percentage means, in relation to the Restrike Feature, the value expressed as a percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reverse Split means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant Leverage 
Certificates, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the mechanism by which the Issuer 
may, at its option, consolidate such Certificates and replace the Securities representing such Certificates 
before the Reverse Split occurred (the Pre-Conversion Certificates) with Securities representing the 
Certificates after the Reverse Split (Converted Certificates), as better specified in Condition 24 
(Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant Leverage Certificates). In 
such event, the Issuer may give the Reverse Split Trigger Notice to Securityholders within a number of 
days equal to the Reverse Split Notice Period informing them of its intention to effect a Reverse Split 
with respect to the relevant Turbo Certificates, the Benchmark Certificates or Constant Leverage 
Certificates (as the case may be). If required, the Issuer will also pay to the Securityholders a Reverse 
Split Cash Settlement Amount to reflect the economic effect of reducing the number of such 
outstanding Certificates of the relevant Series; 
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Amount means, in respect of each Securityholder, the amount 
determined as the product of the Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price and the Reverse Split Number 
applicable to such Securityholder;  
Reverse Split Cash Settlement Price means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates 
and Constant Leverage Certificates, the “prezzo di riferimento” of such Certificates as calculated by 
Borsa Italiana in accordance with SeDeX Rules;

--- Page 164 ---
164
Reverse Split Effective Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Reverse Split Trigger 
Notice;  
Reverse Split Notice Period is the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reverse Split Number means, in respect of each Securityholder, the number of the Unconverted 
Certificates;  
Reverse Split Ratio means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant 
Leverage Certificates, the ratio by which the Certificates will be replaced by the Converted Certificates 
as specified in the applicable Reverse Split Trigger Notice; 
Reverse Split Settlement Date is the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable 
Reverse Split Trigger Notice following the Reverse Split Effective Date;  
Reverse Split Trigger Notice means, in respect of Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and 
Constant Leverage Certificates, the notice which shall include the description of the operational 
mechanisms to be performed in relation to the Reverse Split; 
Rolling means the feature that may be specified as applicable in relation to Futures Contract Securities 
when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
pursuant to which the Issuer will be entitled to determine the Reference Value in relation to any 
valuation period during the lifetime of the Certificates and the Final Reference Value on the basis of a 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by. In particular, if Rolling is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, when the Futures Contract N-th Near-by replaces the Futures Contract on the Rollover Date, the 
Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Rollover Date(s) means the Exchange Business Day specified in the applicable Final Terms on which 
the Futures Contract N-th Near-by will replace the Futures Contract indicated as the Underlying of the 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms; 
Series means the Securities that will be issued, from time to time, pursuant to this Base Prospectus as 
identified by the relevant ISIN Code; 
Settlement Amount means either the Cash Settlement Amount (when settlement shall be by way of 
cash payment) or the Physical Delivery (when settlement shall be by way of physical delivery); 
Settlement Characteristic means one of the characteristics that may apply to the formulas of the 
determination of the Settlement Amount set out under Condition 23 (pay-out provisions) (including, 
without limitation, Initial Percentage, Participation Factor, Barrier Event, Barrier Gap Event, Buffer 
Event, Protection Level, Short Protection, CAP, Cap Level, Cap Amount, Cap Barrier Amount, 
Predetermined Loss Percentage, Air Bag Factor, Sigma Amount, Gearing Factor, Cap Consolidation 
Amount, Strike Percentage, Annual Management Fee1, Annual Management Fee2, Annual Margin, 
Variable Management Fee, Protection Percentage, Spread Protection, Protection Amount, Step Up 
Amount); 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Settlement Date means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business 
Day next following the last occurring Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Securities, the fifth Business Day following the last occurring 
Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date; 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If on a Valuation Date or on a Call Exercise Date or on a Put Exercise Date a Market Disruption Event 
occurs, the Settlement Date will be postponed accordingly. The Settlement Date shall not, in any case, 
be postponed beyond the tenth Business Day following the last Valuation Date or Call Exercise Date or 
Put Exercise Date. 
Settlement Determination Date means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, each date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms during which the Cash Settlement Amount is determined in relation to the 
Settlement Determination Period. 
The above applies provided that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Market Disruption Event in a 
Settlement Determination Date has not occurred. In this case, the Exchange Business Day coinciding 
with the Settlement Determination Date is intended to be postponed to the first following Exchange 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event is no longer in place. In any case, such Exchange 
Business Day of the Settlement Determination Period may not be postponed beyond the eighth 
Exchange Business Day following the Exercise Date;  
Settlement Determination Period means, in relation to Interest Rate Warrants, the period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms related to the Cash Settlement Amount;  
Settlement Event means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the event occurring when the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Final Reference Value is equal to, or higher than, the Settlement 
Level, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Digital Certificates with Best Of Feature or Worst Of Feature, the Issuer will specify in 
the relevant Final Terms the occurrence of the Settlement Event in relation to one or more Underlyings 
and the applicable Final Terms may specify the Settlement Level for each Underlying.  
The determination by the Calculation Agent on the occurrence of the Settlement Event will be promptly 
notified to the Securityholders through a notice published on the website of the Issuer 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com;  
Settlement Level means, in relation to the Digital Certificates, the value specified in the applicable 
Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Settlement Event. Such value will be set as a percentage 
of the Initial Reference Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Settlement Level will be 
specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Share means, in relation to each Series, either as single underlying or as a Basket Constituent, the share 
listed in Italy on the markets managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., or listed on European or foreign stock 
exchanges, which will be specified as the underlying asset or a Basket Constituent, from time to time in 
the relevant Final Terms. The relevant underlying share (as single underlying or as Basket Constituent) 
(i) will not be issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer, and (ii) may not 
be converted or exchanged into shares or other transferable securities equivalent to shares issued by the 
Issuer or by an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer;

--- Page 166 ---
166
Share Securities means Securities that have as Underlying one or more specified Shares or one or 
more Baskets of Shares or one or more Global depository receipts (GDRs) or American depository 
receipts (ADRs) or one or more baskets of GDRs and/or ADRs. In case of Physical Delivery, the 
Underlying will not be a Share issued by the Issuer nor by an entity belonging to the Group. 
Furthermore, in case of Physical Delivery Securities, only shares listed on stock exchanges that are 
regulated markets can be physically settled to retail investors. In such case, in relation to shares listed 
on stock exchanges in EU countries, regulated markets are those markets which fall within the 
definition of Art. 4(1) 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU, in relation to shares listed on stock exchanges in 
non-EU countries, regulated markets are those markets regulated by a local financial regulator or 
monetary authority or institute, in accordance with the law applicable under the relevant jurisdiction; 
Short Protection means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Short Strategy means the financial strategy which gives to the investor the possibility to benefit from 
the negative (decreasing) performance of the Underlying(s) in relation to the amount(s) or occurrence 
of event(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Sigma Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency specified by the Issuer in Final Terms 
for each Series;  
Specific Period means, in case of Securities linked to one or more Indexes based on inflation, the 
month or the year (or any other period of time consecutive or not consecutive) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in case of Securities linked to any other type of Underlying, the month or the 
year (or any other period of time) made of Exchange Business Days, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Sponsor means, in relation to each Series, the entity responsible for the calculation and/or the 
management and/or the issue of the relevant Underlying, as specified from time to time in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Spread means the difference calculated pursuant to one or more of the formulas below, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
Spread = Performance of the Underlying A – Performance of the Underlying B 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between the Performance of the 
Underlying A and the Performance of the Underlying B, each of them determined according to 
one of the formulas set out in the definition of "Performance", specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
and/or 
(ii) 
Spread = Initial Reference ValueA – Initial Reference ValueB  
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between the Initial Reference Value of 
the Underlying A (Initial Reference ValueA) and the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying 
B (Initial Reference ValueB); 
and/or 
(iii) 
Spread = Reference ValueA – Reference ValueB 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between the Reference Value of the

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Underlying A (Reference ValueA) and the Reference Value of the Underlying B (Reference 
ValueB); 
and/or 
(iv) 
Spread = Final Reference ValueA – Final Reference ValueB 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between the Final Reference Value of the 
Underlying A (Final Reference ValueA) and the Final Reference Value of the Underlying B 
(Final Reference ValueB); 
and/or 
(v) 
Spread = Max[Floor PercentageA; Min(Performance of the Underlying A; Cap PercentageA)] 
– Max[Floor PercentageB; Min(Performance of the Underlying B; Cap PercentageB)] 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between (1) the higher between (A) the 
Floor PercentageA and (B) the lower between (i) the Performance of the Underlying A and (ii) 
the Cap PercentageA and (2) the higher between (A) the Floor PercentageB and (B) the lower 
between (i) the Performance of the Underlying B and (ii) the Cap PercentageB; 
and/or 
(vi) 
in relation to Interest Rate Securities only: 
Spread = Max[Floor PercentageA; Min(Initial Reference ValueA; Cap PercentageA)] – 
Max[Floor PercentageB; Min(Initial Reference ValueB; Cap PercentageB)] 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between (1) the higher between (A) the 
Floor PercentageA and (B) the lower between (i) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying 
A or (ii) the Cap PercentageA and (2) the higher between (A) the Floor PercentageB and (B) the 
lower between (i) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B or (ii) the Cap PercentageB;  
and/or 
(vii) 
Spread = Max[Floor PercentageA; Min(Reference ValueA; Cap PercentageA)] – Max[Floor 
PercentageB; Min(Reference ValueB; Cap PercentageB)] 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between (1) the higher between (A) the 
Floor PercentageA and (B) the lower between (i) the Reference Value of the Underlying A or 
(ii) the Cap PercentageA and (2) the higher between (A) the Floor PercentageB and (B) the 
lower between (i) the Reference Value of the Underlying B or (ii) the Cap PercentageB; 
and/or 
(viii) Spread = Max[Floor PercentageA; Min(Final Reference ValueA; Cap PercentageA)] – 
Max[Floor PercentageB; Min(Final Reference ValueB; Cap PercentageB)] 
In this case the Spread will be equal to the difference between (1) the higher between (A) the 
Floor PercentageA and (B) the lower between (i) the Final Reference Value of the Underlying 
A or (ii) the Cap PercentageA and (2) the higher between (A) the Floor PercentageB and (B) the 
lower between (i) the Final Reference Value of the Underlying B or (ii) the Cap PercentageB;

--- Page 168 ---
168
Spread Cost or SC means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates and Type B 
Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Spread Protection means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Step Up Amount means, in relation to Dynamic Protection Certificates, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Strike means the value which will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Observation 
Period; 
Strike Level means the level specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the calculation of the 
Cash Settlement Amount of the Dual Currency FX Certificates; 
Strike Percentage means, in relation to Warrants, Call Certificates, Standard Certificates (if 
applicable) and Twin Win Certificates, the value expressed as a percentage (which may also be equal to 
zero) specified in the relevant Final Terms, which will be considered for the purposes of the calculation 
of the Cash Settlement Amount; 
Strike Price means, in relation to Short Benchmark Certificates, Type A Short Constant Leverage 
Certificates and Turbo Certificates, the amount or the value specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. In case of Turbo Certificates with Open End Feature, if the Call Option/Put Option is exercised 
by the Issuer/the Securityholder, the Strike Price is the SPt as defined below; 
SPt means, in relation to Turbo Certificates with Open End Feature, the Strike Price which, in respect 
of a calendar day (dayt), is an amount calculated as follows:  
SPt = SPt-1  x (1 + Restrike Costt-1) 1⁄360 – Dividend Adjustment Amount 
Where: 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or 
other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of an 
Index, in respect of each share comprising such Index) related to such Ex-Dividend Date 
multiplied by (ii) the Dividend Percentage; 
"Dividend Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may increase or decrease such percentage to reflect any 
imposition of or adjustment to, any taxes which are deducted or withheld at source by or on 
behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of cash dividends and/or 
other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of an 
Index, in respect of each share comprising such Index). If the Dividend Percentage is adjusted 
as provided herein, the adjusted Dividend Percentage, will be notified to Securityholders 
through 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com as soon as reasonably practicable following 
such adjustment; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share or share comprising an Index, the date on 
which such Share or share comprising an Index becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 169 ---
169 
"Restrike Costt" means, if applicable, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), the value expressed 
as a percentage determined and published daily by the Issuer so as not to exceed the 
percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Restrike Costt-1" means the Restrike Costt applicable on dayt-1; and 
"SPt-1" means Strike Price applicable on dayt-1. 
For purpose to calculate the Cash Settlement Amount, if the Call Option/Put Option is exercised by the 
Issuer/the Securityholder, t is equal to the Call Exercise Date/Put Exercise Date; 
Strike Remuneration Percentage means the value expressed as a percentage, which may also be equal 
to zero, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Strike Observation Period means one or more periods specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of the determination of the Strike. In the event of more Strike Observation Periods, the 
relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Strike Observation Period, the Second Strike 
Observation Period, or the n-th Strike Observation Period; 
Successor Sponsor means, in relation to each Underlying, a third party that may be responsible for the 
calculation and/or the management and/or the issuance of the Underlying in the place of the Sponsor;  
Switch Event means, in relation to Switch Certificates, the event occurring when the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Value, the Final Reference Value or the Spread or the Cumulated 
Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the relevant Switch Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has been equal 
to, higher than or lower than the relevant Switch Level on the relevant Switch Valuation 
Period; and/or  
(ii) 
if the relevant Switch Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has never 
been equal to, higher than or lower than or (2) has always been equal to, higher than or 
lower or (3) has been for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) equal to higher or lower than the relevant Switch Level on the 
relevant Switch Valuation Period or during the relevant Switch Valuation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Switch Event Valuation Period is of one Exchange Business Day, has fallen 
within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Switch Level and the relevant 
Down Range Switch Level (included or excluded in the range as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Switch Valuation Period or on any Exchange Business Day of 
the relevant Switch Valuation Period; and/or  
(iv) 
if the relevant Switch Valuation Period is of more Exchange Business Days, (1) has fallen 
at least once within or out of or (2) has never fallen within or out of or (3) has always fallen 
within or out or (4) has fallen for a number of Exchange Business Days (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) within or out of a range between the relevant Up Range Switch 
Level and the relevant Down Range Switch Level (included or excluded in the range as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Switch Valuation Period or on any 
Exchange Business Day of the relevant Switch Valuation Period or during the relevant 
Switch Event Valuation Period.

--- Page 170 ---
170
If the applicable Final Terms provide for more than one Switch Valuation Period, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify if the Switch Event will occur in at least one, any or all the Switch Valuation 
Periods. 
In case of Securities linked to more than one Underlying, the Switch Event may be determined in 
relation to at least one, any or all the Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Securities linked to a Basket, the Switch Event may be determined in relation to the Basket or to at least 
one, any or all the Basket Constituents, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these cases, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the Switch Level (or the Up Range Switch Level and the Down 
Range Switch Level) of each Underlying or Basket Constituent that will be considered for the purposes 
of the determination of the Switch Event. 
If the Switch Event occurs, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Switch Level means one or more values that may be specified for one or more Underlyings or Basket 
Constituents in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the occurrence of the Switch Event in relation to 
the relevant Underlying or Basket Constituent in the relevant Switch Valuation Period. 
Such value(s) may be set as: 
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value and/or of the Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a value expressed as a percentage; or 
(iii) 
a predetermined value. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Switch Event, at least one, any or all the 
Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Switch Level will be specified 
for each Underlying or Basket Constituent; 
Switch Valuation Period means one or more periods composed of one or more Exchange Business 
Days or the Specific Period, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in which the Calculation Agent 
determines if the relevant Switch Event has occurred. In the event of more Switch Valuation Periods, 
the relevant Final Terms will indicate the First Switch Valuation Period, the Second Switch 
Valuation Period, or the n-th Switch Valuation Period. 
In the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on the Switch Valuation Period or on one 
Exchange Business Day of the Switch Valuation Period, the provisions set out within Condition 15(1) 
(Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Synthetic Dividends means, in respect of a Share and a Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date, the amount or 
amounts specified as such for such Share in the relevant Final Terms, or, if no such amount is specified 
for such Share, zero; 
Synthetic Ex-Dividend Date means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (previously known as 
TARGET2 System) or any successor or replacement for that system; 
Tarn Feature means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to the 
calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amount, the feature pursuant to which the Participation

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Remuneration Amount potentially payable will cease to be due and payable to the Securityholders if the 
Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount and the Certificates will be early redeemed; 
Tarn Amount means the amount in the Settlement Currency set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in 
respect of any Participation Valuation Date, the Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount, such 
event will be considered as an Early Redemption Event and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be 
early redeemed and the Securityholders are entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date;  
Tax Adjustment Factor or TaxAF means, in relation to Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates 
and Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
as an estimate of the possible withholding tax costs applicable in relation to the Underlying and 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; 
Termination Event means the occurrence of an event pursuant to Condition 5 (Illegality and force 
majeure) or a Hedging Disruption pursuant to Condition 6 (Hedging Disruption); 
Trigger Value means, in relation to Constant Leverage Certificates, the value expressed as a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Typology means the type of Securities that will be issued in respect of each Series, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In particular, the Securities may be: 
- Standard Long Certificates / Standard Short Certificates, 
- Max Long Certificates / Max Consolidation Long Certificates / Max Short Certificates; 
- Type A Spread Certificates / Type B Spread Certificates / Type C Spread Certificates / Type D Spread 
Certificates; 
- Twin Win Long Certificates / Twin Win Short Certificates; 
- Long Benchmark Certificates / Short Benchmark Certificates; 
- Long Turbo Certificates / Short Turbo Certificates; 
- Long Outperformance Certificates / Short Outperformance Certificates; 
- Buffer Protection Certificates;  
- Global Performance Certificates; 
- Long Dropdown Protection Certificates / Short Dropdown Protection Certificates; 
- Long Dynamic Protection Certificates / Short Dynamic Protection Certificates; 
- Currency Certificates; 
- Multiperformance Long Certificates / Multiperformance Max Long Certificates / Multiperformance 
Short Certificates / Multiperformance Max Short Certificates; 
- Long Dual Currency FX Certificates / Short Dual Currency FX Certificates;

--- Page 172 ---
172
- Gap Long Certificates / Gap Short Certificates; 
- Calendar Certificates; 
- One Star Certificates; 
- Switch Certificates; 
- Call Certificates; 
- Digital Certificates; 
- Discount Certificates; 
- Combined Amount Certificates; 
- Long Outperformance Combined Certificates; 
- Reverse Butterfly Certificates; 
- Multiple Strike Certificates; 
- Type A Long Constant Leverage Certificates / Type A Short Constant Leverage Certificates / Type B 
Long Constant Leverage Certificates / Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates; 
- Call Warrants;  
- Call Covered Warrants; 
- Call Spread Warrants; 
- Put Warrants; 
- Put Covered Warrants; 
- Put Spread Warrants; 
- Interest Rate Warrants; 
- Corridor Warrants; 
Unconverted Certificates means, in relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and 
Constant Leverage Certificates, if Reverse Split is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Certificates held by any Securityholder that cannot be replaced by Converted Certificates, once that 
the aggregate number of Certificates held by the relevant Securityholder have been divided by the 
Reverse Split Ratio;  
Underlying means, for each Series: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities linked to one or more financial asset(s), the Share, the 
GDRs/ADRs, the Index, the Commodity, the Futures Contract, the Exchange Rate, the 
Government Bond, the Yield of Government Bond, the Interest Rate and the Fund, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 173 ---
173 
(ii) 
if Spread is applicable, two or more financial assets selected from the following 
Underlyings: 
Shares, 
GDRs/ADRs, 
Indexes, 
Commodities, 
Futures 
Contracts, 
Government Bonds, Yields of Government Bonds, Exchange Rates, Interest Rates, Funds 
and Baskets, and indicated respectively as Underlying A and Underlying B in the 
relevant Final Terms; in this case, the relevant Initial Reference Value, Final Reference 
Value, Multiplier, Initial Percentage, Cap Percentage, Floor Percentage and Performance 
of the Underlying, will be indicated as, respectively, the Initial Reference ValueA (IRVA) 
and Initial Reference ValueB (IRVB), the Reference ValueA (RVA) and Reference 
ValueB (RVB), the Final Reference ValueA (FRVA) and Final Reference ValueB 
(FRVB), the MultiplierA and MultiplierB, the Initial PercentageA and Initial 
PercentageB, Cap PercentageA and Cap PercentageB, Floor PercentageA and Floor 
PercentageB and the Performance of the Underlying A and Performance of the 
Underlying B; 
(iii) 
in the case of Certificates linked to a Basket, a Basket composed of two or more financial 
assets listed at point (i) above or composed by two or more baskets composed of two or 
more financial assets listed at point (i) above (each a Basket Constituent, as defined above 
and indicated from time to time in the relevant Final Terms); 
Underlying Reference Currency means for each Series, the currency of the Underlying(s) as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency will 
be expressed in the Settlement Currency and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on the Cash 
Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amounts or Remuneration Amounts or Corridor Early 
Amounts or Early Partial Capital Payment to be paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised; 
Up Participation Factor means the value expressed as a percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Up Range Level means one or more values that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
determines the occurrence of: (i) the Accumulating Event (the "Up Range Accumulating Level"); or 
(ii) the Consolidation Effect (the "Up Range Consolidation Level"); or (iii) the Consolidation Floor 
Event (the "Up Range Consolidation Floor Level"); or (iv) the Digital Event (the "Up Range Digital 
Level"); or (v) the Knock-in Event (the "Up Range Knock-in Level"); or (vi) the Knock-out Event (the 
"Up Range Knock-out Level"); or (vii) the Memory Effect (the "Up Range Memory Level"); or (viii) 
the Participation Remuneration Event (the "Up Range Participation Remuneration Level"); or (ix) 
the Early Redemption Event (the "Up Range Early Redemption Level"); or (x) the Switch Event (the 
"Up Range Switch Level"); or (xi) the Multiple Strike Eventi (the "Up Range Multiple Strike 
Leveli"); or (xii) the Participation Rebate Event (the "Up Range Participation Rebate Level"). The 
Up Range Level is represented by a percentage of the Initial Reference Value or as a value expressed as 
a percentage or by a predetermined value. If there are more Underlyings, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the relevant Up Range Level for each Underlying; 
Upper Barrier Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that triggers the 
occurrence of the Barrier Event. Such value may be set as: 
(i) a percentage of the Initial Reference Value; or  
(ii) a predetermined value. 
Upper One Star Trigger Level means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms that triggers 
the occurrence of the One Star Event. Such value may be set as:

--- Page 174 ---
174
(i) 
a percentage of the Initial Reference Value; or  
(ii) 
a predetermined value. 
Valuation Date means one or more Exchange Business Days on which the Value of the Underlying(s) 
is registered for the purpose of the calculation of: 
(i) 
the Final Reference Value (pursuant to the terms specified below in the definition of Final 
Reference Value), and/or 
(ii) 
the Payout Value Long or Payout Value Short, in case of Type B Long Constant Leverage 
Certificates and Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates, and/or  
(iii) the Cash Settlement Amount,  
as specified in the relevant Final Terms from time to time. 
If, on a Valuation Date, a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) occurs, the provisions set out 
within Condition 15(1) (Market Disruption Event) will apply; 
Value means: 
(i) 
the level, price, amount or such other value (e.g. Intraday Value) of the Underlying; or  
(ii) 
a percentage (specified in the applicable Final Terms) of such level, price, amount or other 
value; or  
(iii) 
the level, price, amount or other value plus an amount or a number (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms),  
used for the purposes of the determination of the Reference Value, Initial Reference Value or Final 
Reference Value, as the case may be. Furthermore, the Value can be determined according to the 
method of calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Variable Management Fee or VMF means, if applied by the Issuer in relation to Benchmark 
Certificates and Constant Leverage Certificates, a fee charged to the Securityholders at the particular 
time "t" determined on the basis of the AMF Percentage and of the VMF Percentagex.  
The Calculation Agent will deduct the VMF accrued from the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out provisions).  
The VMF will be calculated as follows: 
VMFt=∏
(100% −
𝐴𝑀𝐹 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒
365.25
− 
𝑉𝑀𝐹 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑥
365.25
)
𝑥∈(𝑡0,𝑡0+1,…….,𝑡)
 
Where: 
"x" means each calendar day from t0 to t; 
"t" can be any calendar day before the Valuation Date or the Valuation Date; 
"AMF Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Terms; 
"VMF Percentagex" means the percentage identified from time to time by the Calculation Agent 
within a range specified in the applicable Final Terms, considering that: 
- 
at x = t0 (i.e. at the Issue Date), the VMF Percentaget0 is equal to 0;  
- 
at x = t1 (i.e. the first calendar day following the Issue Date) the VMF Percentaget1 is equal to 
the percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
- 
thereafter, the VMF Percentagex remains constant on each calendar day "x" until new 
communication. It shall be determined by the Calculation Agent so as to not exceed the 
percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The Calculation Agent may update the 
VMF Percentagex at its reasonable discretion, within the range indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, considering the prevailing market conditions. The variations of the VMF 
Percentagex will be notified to the relevant exchange where the Certificates are listed/traded 
and published on the website of the Issuer. 
It remains understood that the minimum value of the range will be a value equal to or higher than 0; 
Worst Of Feature means the determination method that may be specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. If the Worst Of Feature applies, the Calculation Agent will select the Worst Of 
Underlying to determine: 
(i) 
the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the event that triggers such 
Remuneration Amount; and/or  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Amount and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation 
of such Settlement Amount; and/or  
(iv) 
the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect. 
In addition, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Worst Of Feature may apply in relation to 
any or all the relevant valuation periods; 
Worst Of Underlying means, in the case of Worst Of Feature, the Underlying with the first, second or 
third (and so on, depending on the number of the Underlyings) worst Performance of the Underlying in 
respect of the Performance of the other Underlying(s), determined pursuant to the formula set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will indicate whether it will take into 
account the Underlying with the first worst Performance (in such case, this will be named Worst Of 
Underlying), the second worst Performance (in such case, this will be named Second Worst Of 
Underlying) or the third worst Performance (in such case, a this will be named Third Worst Of 
Underlying) or the n-th worst Performance, determined pursuant to the formula set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. Upon determination of the Worst Of Underlying, the Issuer will inform the 
Securityholders pursuant to Condition 9 (Notices); 
Yield of Government Bond means, either as single or as a Basket Constituent, the yield (of a 
Government Bond) that may constitute the Underlying of Govies Securities, published from time to 
time by the relevant information source specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such yield is not 
published or announced at the relevant time on such information source, either (i) the successor or 
alternative information source or (ii) the determination method to be carried out by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 176 ---
176
4. 
Physical Delivery provisions 
Settlement of the Securities will be by cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or, only in relation to 
Share Securities and Govies Securities, physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities).  
The method of settlement will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to Certificates only, the applicable Final Terms may also specify that such Certificates are 
either cash settled of physically settled depending upon the occurrence or not of one of the following 
events (specified in the applicable Final Terms):  
- 
Barrier Event; 
- 
Barrier Gap Event; 
- 
Buffer Event; 
- 
Consolidation Floor Event; 
- 
One Star Event; 
- 
Restrike Event; 
- 
Settlement Event; 
- 
Switch Event. 
Settlement of Italian Dematerialised Securities shall be by way of cash payment only.  
In relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the following provisions apply: 
(A) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, delivery of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement using the 
method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on any 
Settlement Date, then such Settlement Date for such Securities shall be postponed to the first 
following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Security by delivering the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of 
the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such 
event the Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with 
delivery of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement in such other 
commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption 
Event affects some but not all of the Deliverable Asset comprising the Entitlement, the 
Settlement Date for the Deliverable Asset not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will 
be the originally designated Settlement Date. For so long as delivery of the Deliverable Asset 
constituting part or all of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy and discharge its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant Securityholder of the Settlement 
Disruption Amount (as defined below) on the third Business Day following the date that notice 
of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). The Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Settlement

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Disruption Event. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant 
Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or 
all of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Settlement Disruption Amount in respect of any relevant Security shall be the fair market 
value of such Security (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected 
some but not all of the Deliverable Asset comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected 
Deliverable Asset have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Deliverable 
Asset), less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such 
hedging arrangements), all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; and  
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Deliverable 
Asset (the Affected Deliverable Asset) comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to 
deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Deliverable Asset (a Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity), then: 
(a) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions as amended by the applicable Final 
Terms, any Deliverable Asset which are not Affected Deliverable Asset, will be 
delivered on the originally designated Settlement Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Affected Deliverable Asset, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on the 
fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) that the provisions of this Condition 4(B) apply. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price means, in respect of any relevant Security, the 
fair market value of such Security (taking into account, the Deliverable Asset 
comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion.

--- Page 178 ---
178
(C) 
Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of the Securities, upon a valid exercise of Securities in accordance with these 
Conditions, the Issuer may, at its sole and unfettered discretion, in respect of each such 
Security, elect not to pay the relevant Securityholders the Cash Settlement Amount or not to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may 
be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant Securityholders, as the case 
may be. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders no later than 10.00 a.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the second Business Day following (a) the Actual Exercise Date for 
Warrants or (b) the Exercise Date for Certificates in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) 
and/or, at the option of the Issuer, if applicable, in accordance with the contact details for a 
Securityholder specified in its Exercise Notice (in the case of a Warrant) or Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice (in the case of Certificates and if applicable pursuant to the relevant Final 
Terms). 
(D) 
Intervening Period 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be the legal owner of such securities (the Intervening 
Period), neither the Issuer nor any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to the relevant Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such 
securities or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or 
payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such securities or 
(ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including 
voting rights) attaching to such securities during the Intervening Period. 
(E) 
General 
None of the Issuer, the Security Agents and the Calculation Agent shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or 
of any Entitlement. 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Deliverable Asset. 
In case of Share Securities, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the 
registration of any Securityholder or any other person as the registered holder in respect of any 
shares comprised in any Deliverable Asset in the register of shareholders of the company that 
issued the relevant Share. 
(F) 
Italian Dematerialised Securities 
This Condition 4 (Physical Delivery provisions) shall not apply to Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, which shall be settled by way of cash settlement only.  
5. 
Illegality and force majeure 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities have, become (i) 
illegal in whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an

--- Page 179 ---
179 
act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of 
state occurring after the Trade Date, impossible or impracticable, the Issuer may consider such 
event as a Termination Event in respect of the Securities and, therefore, will cancel the 
Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices).  
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the Issuer will, if and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of the 
Securities, as the case may be (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities), 
notwithstanding such illegality, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in 
respect of such hedging arrangements), plus, in the case of Warrants and if already paid by or 
on behalf of a Securityholder, the Premium, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion (such costs shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded 
Securities). Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
If the Issuer cancels the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then 
the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each 
Securityholder in respect of each Security held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to 
the fair market value of a Security, as the case may be (the bid-value in case of Italian Traded 
Securities), taking into account the applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case 
may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such 
hedging arrangements) plus, in the case of Warrants and if already paid by or on behalf of a 
Securityholder, the Premium, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion (such costs shall not be applicable in case of Italian Traded Securities). 
Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Notices). 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below).  
6. 
Hedging Disruption 
In respect of the Securities linked to one or more Underlyings, the Issuer or one of its affiliates 
may be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk (or any other relevant price risk including, but not 
limited to, the currency risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of 
hedge positions as the case may be between accounts within the jurisdiction of the hedge 
position (the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction.

--- Page 180 ---
180
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption relating to an Underlying (the Affected 
Underlying) the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
consider such event as a Termination Event. In that case where a Termination Event 
occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or 
cause to be paid an amount on the basis of the fair market value of the Securities (the 
bid-value in case of Italian Traded Securities); 
(ii) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is representative of the 
same economic or geographic sector. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)) below). 
7. 
Purchases and Cancellation 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open 
market or by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation. 
In relation to Certificates which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time repurchase Securities in compliance with the 
then applicable MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights 
and procedures (only applicable to Certificates)) below).  
8. 
Agents, Determinations, Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
(A) 
Security Agents and Registrar 
The specified offices of the Security Agents and Registrar are as set out at the end of these 
Conditions. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Security 
Agent and to appoint further or additional Security Agents, provided that no termination of 
appointment of the Principal Security Agent shall become effective until a replacement 
Principal Security Agent shall have been appointed and provided that, so long as any of the 
Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by any other 
relevant authority, there shall be a Security Agent having a specified office in each location 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority 
and, for so long as there are any Registered Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a 
Registrar. Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office 
of any Security Agent or Registrar will be given to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of any such termination or changes. In acting under the Agency Agreement, 
each Security Agent and the Registrar acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume 
any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders 
and any Security Agent’s determinations and calculations in respect of the Securities shall

--- Page 181 ---
181 
(save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders. 
The Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto, but without the consent of the 
Securityholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties 
may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which shall not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Securityholders. 
(B) 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the Issuer or 
another entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, 
or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the Securities by the Calculation Agent shall be made in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(C) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall be made in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be 
final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
(D) 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
(i) The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Securityholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Securities or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer. The 
provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders contained in the Agency 
Agreement, shall apply, mutatis mutandis, also to the Italian Dematerialised Securities. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more 
persons holding or representing a clear majority of the Securities for the time being 
outstanding or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Securityholders whatever the number or Securities so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Securities (including modifying the date of exercise of the Securities, reducing or 
cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities or altering the 
currency of payment of the Securities other than pursuant to Condition 16 (Adjustments 
for European Monetary Union)), the quorum shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds of the Securities for the time being outstanding or at 
any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third of the Securities for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Securityholders shall be binding on all the Securityholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting save in the case of American Style 
Warrants, for those Warrants remaining outstanding but for which an Exercise Notice 
shall have been submitted prior to the date of the meeting.

--- Page 182 ---
182
In respect of Italian Dematerialised Securities, for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the 
right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders and (ii) the determination 
of how many Italian Dematerialised Securities are outstanding for the purposes of this 
Condition, those Italian Dematerialised Securities which are beneficially held by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be 
deemed not to be outstanding provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that this shall not 
prejudice any rights of the Issuer and its respective legal and financial advisers to attend 
and speak at any such meeting. 
The Principal Security Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Securities or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) This Condition 8(D)(ii) applies to Certificates qualified as eligible liabilities under the 
MREL Requirements at the time of the issuance. If at any time a MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
17 (Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the such 
Certificates of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 
(sixty) days' notice to the Principal Security Agent and the Securityholders of the 
Certificates of that Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Certificates, or vary the terms of such Certificates so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Certificates (as defined above), 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Securityholders shall be required for a 
substitution or variation (as applicable) of such Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 8(D)(ii). 
9. 
Notices 
All notices to Securityholders shall be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Securities 
or Registered Securities in definitive form are issued, the notice is delivered to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, for communication by them to the Securityholders; (ii) if 
and so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication on the relevant 
website (www.euronext.com)); (iii) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on 
stock exchanges other than Euronext Dublin, the notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any such other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on

--- Page 183 ---
183 
which the Securities are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading; (iv) in the case of Registered Securities in definitive form if sent by first class mail to 
the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the 
Register; and (v) if and so long as the Securities are Italian Dematerialised Securities, as long 
as the Securities are held through Monte Titoli, the notice shall be deemed to have been duly 
given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli. If Definitive Securities are issued, notices 
to Securityholders will be deemed validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be 
made in the Financial Times. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the date of publication, as the 
case may be, or, if published more than once, on the date of the first publication. 
10. 
Expenses and Taxation 
(A) 
A holder of Securities must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the 
exercise and settlement of such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities and/or the 
delivery or transfer of the Entitlement, as applicable (Expenses) relating to such Securities. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement 
of any Security by any person and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to 
any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, 
withheld or deducted. 
(C) 
A holder of Securities must provide the Issuer with sufficient information and all reasonable 
assistance necessary (for, and pay all costs associated with), compliance by the Issuer with 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code. If the Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent determines that a 
withholding pursuant to FATCA or U.S. dividend equivalent tax legislations under Section 
871(m) is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Securityholders to create 
and issue further Securities so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the 
outstanding Securities. 
12. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(A) 
Substitution of Issuer 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or any previously 
substituted company from time to time) shall, without the consent of the Securityholders, be 
entitled at any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company (the Substitute) as principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Securities provided

--- Page 184 ---
184
that (i) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Securities represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done and 
are in full force and effect; (ii) the Substitute shall have assumed all obligations arising from or 
in connection with the Securities and shall have become a party to the Agency Agreement, 
with any consequential amendments; (iii) the obligations of the Substitute in respect of the 
Securities shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer; (iv) each stock 
exchange or listing authority on which the Securities are listed shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute the Securities would continue to be listed 
on such stock exchange; and (v) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior notice of the 
date of such substitution to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices); and 
(vi) in relation to Certificates which qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements, if required by the Relevant Regulations, the Issuer has obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority. 
(B) 
Modification of Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution or change of branch pursuant to Condition 12(A) (Substitution of 
Issuer), the Conditions will be modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited 
to, replacement of references to the Republic of Italy in the Conditions where applicable, by 
references to the country of incorporation, domicile and/or residence for tax purposes of the 
Substitute or the new branch, as the case may be. Such modifications shall be notified to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Securities and the Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Securities and the Agency Agreement) are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law. Notwithstanding this, (i) in respect of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities, the registration and transfer of the Italian Dematerialised Securities 
in Monte Titoli will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law, 
and, (ii) in respect of the loss absorption provisions described in Condition 17 
(Acknowledgement of Italian Bail-in Power) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with such provisions will be governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities 
(including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Securities and the Agency Agreement) (Proceedings), the 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and 
hereby waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or 
on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. These 
submissions are for the benefit of each of the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
The Issuer hereby appoints Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch which is presently at 90 
Queen Street, London EC4N 1SA, as its agent for service of process and undertakes that, in 
the event of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., London Branch ceasing so to act, it will appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing

--- Page 185 ---
185 
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer, if any, for payment of principal, interest and/or remuneration in 
respect of the Certificates shall become void unless made within 60 months from the Exercise 
Date and no claims shall be made after such date. 
15. 
Market Disruption Events and Adjustment Events 
15(1) 
Market Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Intraday Value cannot be determined at any time 
on a Relevant Exchange Business Day, by reason of the occurrence of an event giving rise to a 
Market Disruption Event (as described in the following sub-conditions), then the value at such 
time on such period shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the Intraday Value of 
the Underlying(s). 
15(1)(A) Market Disruption Event in relation to Index Securities  
Definitions 
"Index Constituent" means any security or other asset constituting an Index; and 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, any regulated or non-regulated market 
where the options, futures or repo contracts on such Index are traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(A), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation imposed on (a) any transaction on the 
relevant Exchange or (b) trading of a concrete amount of Index Constituents traded 
on the relevant Exchanges; 
(ii) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation imposed on, trading of futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on a Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
any event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) that disrupts or impairs the ability 
of market participants in general to affect transactions (a) in relation to or to obtaining 
market values for, the Index on the relevant Exchange, or (b) in or obtaining market 
values for, options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to such Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; 
(iv) 
the opening on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its scheduled opening time unless such earlier opening time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the

--- Page 186 ---
186
earlier of (a) the actual opening time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the 
submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(v) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the 
submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange Business Day. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the official level of the Index the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for 
each single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine  
(i)  
in the case of Securities relating to a single Index, the official level of the Index as of 
the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day (in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption 
Event), or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Indices:  
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Index affected by 
the Market Disruption Event, using the formula for and the method of 
calculating each Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Market 
Disruption Event. 
Alternatively, if on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last available Value of the Index, (2) any 
amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the 
occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(A), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) 
above in 15(1)(A) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases

--- Page 188 ---
188
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Index, the official closing level of the Index for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Indices, the official closing level of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes 
of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the 
basis of the Market Value of the Index affected by the Market Disruption determined 
using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into 
consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such index 
or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the index level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any events pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii), by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(B) Market Disruption Event in relation to Share Securities  
Definitions 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, any regulated or non-regulated market 
where the options, futures or repo contracts on such Share are traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(B), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any suspension of, or relevant limitation (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
imposed on (a) any transaction on the relevant Reference Source or (b) trading of the

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Share traded on the relevant Reference Source; 
(ii) 
any suspension of or relevant limitation imposed on trading of futures or options 
contracts relating to a Share on a Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (a) to affect transactions in relation to or to obtaining 
market values for the Share on the relevant Reference Source or (ii) to affect 
transactions in or obtaining market values for options contracts or futures contracts on 
or relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(iv) 
the opening on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Reference Source or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its scheduled opening time unless such earlier opening 
time is announced by such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual opening time for the regular trading session 
on such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the 
Reference Source or Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange 
Business Day; and 
(v) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Reference Source or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session 
on such Reference Source(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the 
Reference Source or Related Exchange system for execution on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(B) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day 
on which the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the official level of the Basket of Shares the Calculation Agent will have the faculty 
to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for 
each single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket

--- Page 190 ---
190
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Share, the value for the Share as of the 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day 
from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the official level of such Basket Constituent(s) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur, or on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent on that 
eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred. 
Alternatively, if on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last available Value of the Share, (2) any 
amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the 
occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
***

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(B), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) 
above in 15(1)(B) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If, on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is also continuing, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Share, the official closing price of the Share for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Shares, the official closing price of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes 
of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the 
basis of the Market Value of the Share affected by the Market Disruption determined 
using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into 
consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Share, 
or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Share level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of 
this 
15(1)(B), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(C) Market Disruption Event in relation to Commodity Securities  
Definitions 
"Commodity Reference Dealers Price" means the price for the Reference Value determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of four quotations provided by Reference Dealers on the 
Relevant Time for a unit of the relevant Commodity. If four quotations are provided, the price 
for that Reference Value will be the arithmetic mean of the price for that Commodity provided

--- Page 192 ---
192
by each Reference Dealer, without regard to the prices having the highest and lowest value; if 
exactly three quotations are provided, the Commodity Reference Dealers Price will be the 
price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the prices 
having the highest value or the lowest value. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has 
the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If 
fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for that Relevant 
Time cannot be determined. 
"Fallback Reference Value" means the Reference Value calculated following a Market 
Disruption Event; 
"Other Exchange" means, with respect to a Commodity, each exchange, trading system or 
quotation system other than the Reference Source on which such Commodity is listed, traded 
or quoted; 
"Reference Dealers" means in the event that the Reference Value shall be determined as a 
Commodity Reference Dealers Price, four leading leaders in the relevant market, other than 
the Reference Source, selected by the Calculation Agent;  
"Reference Price" means an amount equal to the official price of the relevant Commodity 
resulting from the listing made by the Reference Source on the Exchange Business Day which 
is used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Value; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Commodity, any regulated or non-regulated 
market where the options, futures or repo contracts on such Commodity are traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Commodity, the relevant time by reference to 
which the Calculation Agent determines the price or value of such Commodity for the 
purposes of determining the Reference Value; and 
"Relevant Country" means, each of: 
(i) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference 
Currency or the Settlement Currency is the legal tender or currency; and 
(ii) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) with which a Commodity, 
or the Reference Source, has a material connection and, in determining what is material 
the Calculation Agent may, without limitation, refer to such factor(s) as it may deem 
appropriate, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Capitalised terms which are not defined in this 15(1)(C) shall have the same meaning as of 
Condition 3 (Definitions). 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(C), Market Disruption Events means the following events 
determining the impossibility for the Calculation Agent to calculate during the Relevant Time 
the Reference Value: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence on any Relevant Exchange Business Day at the 
Relevant Time for such commodity or at any time during the one hour

--- Page 193 ---
193 
period that ends at the Relevant Time for such Commodity: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on all trading (whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Source or any Related Exchange or otherwise): 
a) 
in all contracts on a Reference Source; or  
b) 
in options contracts or futures contracts on a Related 
Exchange relating to a Commodity; or 
c) 
in connection with the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of the Reference Source or any Related Exchange 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Reference Source or 
such Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to (a) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, 
(b) the submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be 
entered into the Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Relevant Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. A "Scheduled Closing 
Time" is the scheduled weekday closing time of the 
relevant Reference Source or Related Exchange, without 
regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours; or, 
(B) 
of any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to 
affect transactions in relation to or to obtaining market values for 
the relevant Commodity on the relevant Reference Source, or to 
affect transactions in or obtain market values for options contracts 
or futures contracts on the Related Exchange relating to such 
Commodity; or 
(C)  
of a failure of the Reference Source to announce or publish the 
Reference Price (or the information necessary for determining the 
Reference Price), or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Reference Price, or if the Commodity 
Reference Dealers Price is applicable, the failure to obtain at least 
three quotations from the relevant Reference Dealers, or if the 
Reference Value determined on the basis of Reference Price 
materially differs from the Reference Value determined on the basis 
of the Commodity Reference Dealers Price; or 
(D)  
of a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating 
the Reference Price by the Reference Source; or 
(ii) 
the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp. documentary, (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation 
authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change 
or removal is to raise or lower the price or value of the Commodity on the

--- Page 194 ---
194
day that would otherwise be a Relevant Time from what it would have been 
without that imposition, change or removal.  
(iii) 
any government or supervisory authority (a) imposes any controls or 
announces its intention to impose any controls or (b) (i) implements or 
announces its intention to implement or (ii) changes or announces its 
intention to change the interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations, in each case which the Calculation Agent determines is likely to 
affect the Issuer's ability to acquire, hold, transfer or realise such Commodity 
or otherwise to affect transactions in relation to such Commodity. 
If the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Market Disruption Event has occurred 
or exists pursuant to 15(1)(C) (i), (ii) and (iii) above during the Relevant Time on a day that is 
an Exchange Business Day, then a Disruption Fallback (as defined below) method may apply. 
The Fallback Reference Value will be determined on the basis of the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms), according to the order below, being 
each of the following method listed under (i), (ii) (iii) and (iv), a "Disruption Fallback" with 
the meaning as follows: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Fallback Reference Value based on the price 
for that Relevant Time provided by a suitable market recognised dealer not subject 
to a Market Disruption Event; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent, promptly upon becoming aware of the Market Disruption 
Event, determines in good faith the Fallback Reference Value (or a method for 
determining the Fallback Reference Value), and, if the Calculation Agent is not 
able to determine the Fallback Reference Value before the fifth Business Day 
following the date on which that Market Disruption Event occurred or existed, the 
next applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply; 
(iii)  
the Fallback Reference Value is determined on the basis of the Commodity 
Reference Dealers Price; 
(iv) 
the Issuer terminates its obligations under the relevant Commodity Security and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant termination amount. 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(C), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above in 
15(1)(C) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean

--- Page 195 ---
195 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Commodity, the Reference Value of the Commodity for the 
purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) in the case of Securities 
relating to a Basket of Commodities, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, 
for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either 
case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Commodity affected by the Market 
Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted 
Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the 
value of such Commodity, or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the commodity level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of 
this 
15(1)(C), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(D) Market Disruption Event in relation to Futures Contract Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(D), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
any disruption or any temporary or permanent discontinuance of the Reference 
Source (as determined by the Calculation Agent),  
(ii) 
any failure by the Reference Source to publish any relevant price of the Future 
contract,  
(iii) 
any suspension or limitation imposed on trading in the Future contract or in any other 
future or option contracts on the relevant exchanges; 
(iv) 
any discontinuance of trading in Future contracts, 
(v) 
the unavailability of the Reference Value, 
(vi) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to affect transactions in relation to or obtain market 
values for the Future contract;  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to

--- Page 196 ---
196
15(1)(D) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day 
on which the Market Disruption Event ceases.  
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts if the Market Disruption Event 
has occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the official level of the Basket of Future Contracts the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for 
each single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Future Contract, the Reference Value of 
the Future Contract as of the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption 
Event occurred on that eighth Exchange Business Day or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the Reference Value of such Basket 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event

--- Page 197 ---
197 
occurred. 
Alternatively, if on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last available Value of the Futures Contract, 
(2) any amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the 
occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(D), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and 
(vi) above in 15(1)(D) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Future Contract, the Reference Value of the Future Contract for 
the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of 
Securities relating to a Basket of Future Contracts, the Reference Value of the Basket 
Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the 
Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Future Contract 
affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period 
before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Future Contract, or (y) pursuant to the 
reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day

--- Page 198 ---
198
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Future Contract level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel 
the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of 
this 
15(1)(D), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(E) Market Disruption Event in relation to Exchange Rate Securities 
Definitions 
"Fallback Exchange Rate" means the Exchange Rate calculated by the Calculation Agent 
following a Market Disruption Event. 
"Other Exchange" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, each exchange, trading system 
or quotation system other than the Reference Source on which the relevant Exchange Rate is 
listed, traded or quoted; 
"Reference Currency" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, each currency specified in 
such an Exchange Rate; 
"Related Exchange" means, with respect to an Exchange Rate, any exchange, trading system, 
quotation system or non-regulated market on which options contracts, futures or repo contracts 
on the relevant Exchange Rate are traded as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Exchange Rate, the relevant time by reference to 
which the Calculation Agent determines the price or value of such Exchange Rate for the 
purposes of determining the Reference Value; 
"Relevant Country" means, with respect to each Exchange Rate, each of: 
(i) 
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference 
Currency for the Exchange Rate or the Settlement Currency is the legal tender or 
currency; and 
(ii)  
any country (or any political or regulatory authority thereof) in which a Reference 
Currency for the Exchange Rate or the Reference Source has a material connection 
and, in determining what is material the Calculation Agent may, without limitation, 
refer to such factor(s) as it may deem appropriate; 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"First Currency" means the currency appearing in the first position in an Exchange Rate; and 
"Second Currency" means the currency appearing in the second position in an Exchange 
Rate. 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 199 ---
199 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(E), Market Disruption Events means the occurrence of the 
following events under which it becomes impossible to calculate the Exchange Rate at the 
Relevant Time, and in particular: 
A 
the occurrence or existence on any Exchange Business Day at the Relevant 
Time for the Exchange Rate or at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the Relevant Time for such Exchange Rate: 
(a) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading (whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding the limits permitted by the 
relevant Reference Source or any Related Exchange or otherwise): 
(i) 
of a Second Currency, for its conversion into the relevant 
First Currency, on the Reference Source or any Other 
Exchange; or 
(ii) 
in options contracts or futures contracts relating to a 
Second Currency, for its conversion into the relevant First 
Currency, on any Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
of any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to 
affect transactions in relation to or to obtaining market values for a 
Second Currency, for its conversion into the relevant First 
Currency, on the relevant Reference Source or affecting 
transactions in or obtain market values for options contracts or 
futures contracts on or relating to such Second Currency, for its 
conversion into the First Currency, on any Related Exchange;  
B 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Reference Source or any 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Reference Source or such Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to (a) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Reference Source or such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (b) the 
submission deadline (if applicable) for orders to be entered into with the 
Reference Source or such Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Relevant Time on such Exchange Business Day. A "Scheduled Closing 
Time" is the scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Reference 
Source or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(E) (A) and (B) above, then the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption 
Event occurred is postponed to the next following Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event ceases.  
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days.

--- Page 200 ---
200
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will 
determine the Fallback Exchange Rate taking into consideration all available information that 
in good faith it deems relevant. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early by paying an amount calculated on 
the basis of the market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last 
available Value of the Exchange Rate, (2) any amounts to which the Securityholders would 
have been entitled to receive prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) 
the probability of the payment for any amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to 
receive until the maturity of the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(E), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (1) and (2) above in 
15(1)(E) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If also on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Exchange Rate, the Reference Value of the Exchange Rate for the 
purposes of the determining the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) in the case of 
Securities relating to a Basket of Exchange Rates, the Reference Value of the Basket 
Constituent, for the purposes of the determining the Initial Reference Value of the 
Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the Market Value of the Exchange Rate 
affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period 
before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Exchange Rate, or (y) pursuant to the 
reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day

--- Page 201 ---
201 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Exchange Rate level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel 
the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall 
be deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of 
this 
15(1)(E), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/. 
15(1)(F) Market Disruption Events in relation to Fund Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(F), Market Disruption Events means the occurrence of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the failure to publish or determine (a) the net asset value of the Fund or (b) if 
applicable, the closing auction price relating to each Exchange Traded Fund; 
(ii) 
the failure to open for trading and the permanent discontinuance of trading in the 
Fund (in the case of an Exchange Traded Fund); 
(iii) 
any substantial limitation on trading in the Fund on the relevant exchanges (in the 
case of Exchange Traded Fund); 
(iv) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the 
Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(F) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, then the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next 
following Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will 
determine:  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Fund, its good faith estimate value for that 
Fund on the Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases, 
or

--- Page 202 ---
202
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Funds:  
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the Exchange Business 
Day originally expected, or on that Exchange Business Day on which the 
Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket Constituents;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the Exchange Business Day on which 
the Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket Constituents, the 
Calculation Agent will have the faculty to determine the value of such 
Basket Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has 
ceased to occur for that single Basket Constituent(s), or on that Exchange 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases for all Basket 
Constituents; or,  
 
in all cases acting in good faith in order to determine its good faith estimate value of 
each Basket Constituent on the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event ceases, using (where available) the quoted prices from the period 
before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Fund. 
Alternatively, if on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last available Value of the Fund (taking into 
consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Fund), (2) any 
amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the 
occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(F), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i) (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
above in 15(1)(F) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases

--- Page 203 ---
203 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If, on the Determination Date the Market Disruption Event is also continuing, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Fund, the Reference Value of the Fund for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Funds, the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent, for the purposes of 
determining the Initial Reference Value of the Basket, in either case (x) on the basis 
of the Market Value of the Fund affected by the Market Disruption determined using 
the quoted prices from the period before the Disrupted Day and taking into 
consideration the impact of the Market Disruption Event on the value of such Fund, 
or (y) pursuant to the reasonable market practice. 
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Fund level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be 
deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) of 
this 
15(1)(F), 
by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(G)Market Disruption Event in relation to Interest Rate Securities  
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(G), Market Disruption Events means: 
(i) 
the permanent discontinuance or the failure to publish, determine, substitute the 
Interest Rate, provided that if such failure is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the 
following 15(2), such event will be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market 
Disruption Event; and 
(ii) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the 
Securities.

--- Page 204 ---
204
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(G) (i) and (ii) above, then the Calculation Agent shall identify in good faith and 
according to the best market practices a substitutive suitable Interest Rate for the purposes of 
such determination, or, in the event that no substitutive suitable Interest Rate can be validly 
identified, then the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next following Exchange 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Interest Rates if the Market Disruption Event has 
occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituent(s) before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent the Calculation Agent will have the 
faculty to determine the official level of each Basket Constituent(s):  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for 
each single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, will determine  
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Interest Rate, the official Reference Value 
of the Interest Rate, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Interest Rates: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the Reference Value of such Basket 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred,

--- Page 205 ---
205 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Interest Rate affected by 
the Market Disruption Event, using the quoted prices from the period before the 
Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption 
Event on the value of such Interest Rate. 
Alternatively, if on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last available Value of the Interest Rate, (2) 
any amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the 
occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date  
For the purposes of this 15(1)(G), Market Disruption Event occurring on a Determination Date 
means:  
(i) 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i) and (ii) above in 15(1)(G) 
on a Determination Date. In such case, Determination Date shall mean the first 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases immediately 
following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where a Market 
Disruption Event is continuing on all the five Exchange Business Days following the 
Determination Date originally expected, the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to 
cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final 
Terms shall be deemed cancelled. Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence 
of such event by way of a notice published on the Issuer's website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com, and 
(ii) 
if, on a Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Interest Rate 
level is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. In such case, the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance 
of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed 
cancelled. Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of such event by way of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(H) Market Disruption Events in relation to Govies Securities 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Relevant Exchange Business Day other than 
the Determination Date and occurring at any time during the one hour period that ends

--- Page 206 ---
206
at the time of the relevant determination and/or valuation made by the Calculation Agent 
on the Relevant Exchange Business Day 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(H), Market Disruption Events means:  
(i) 
the specified Exchange ceases to list or otherwise include the Government Bond and 
the Government Bond is not listed or otherwise included in any other Exchange, 
provided that if such event is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), 
such event will be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption 
Event;  
(ii) 
the issuer of the Government Bond irreversibly converts those Government Bonds 
into other securities, and such other securities in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent will not have the same characteristics of the Government Bond, 
provided that if such an event is an Adjustment Event pursuant to the following 15(2), 
such event will be considered an Adjustment Event and not a Market Disruption 
Event; 
(iii) 
any other event similar to the events set out above which makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to perform its duties pursuant to the 
Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred pursuant to 
15(1)(H) (i), (ii) and (iii) above, then the Calculation Agent shall identify in good faith and 
according to the best market practices a substitutive suitable Government Bond for the 
purposes of such determination, or, in the event that no substitutive suitable Government Bond 
can be validly identified, the Exchange Business Day is postponed to the next following 
Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases. 
The Exchange Business Day may be postponed for up to eight Exchange Business Days from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected. 
If the valuation/determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the postponement will be 
carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange Business Days. 
In case of Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds if the Market Disruption Event 
has occurred but it is not continuing anymore for all Basket Constituents before the eighth 
Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, in order to 
determine the Reference Value of the Basket Constituent the Calculation Agent will have the 
faculty to determine the official Value of each Basket Constituent:  
(a) 
on the relevant date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for 
each single Basket Constituent, or  
(b) 
on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to occur for all Basket 
Constituents. 
If, on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected, 
the Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, will determine:

--- Page 207 ---
207 
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Government Bond, the Reference Value 
of the Government Bond as of the Exchange Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event occurred on that eighth Exchange Business Day, or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds: 
(a) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has not 
occurred (if any), then the Calculation Agent will have the faculty to 
determine the Reference Value of such Basket Constituent(s) on the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, or on that eighth Exchange 
Business Day from the Exchange Business Day originally expected;  
(b) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, but it is not continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from 
the Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will 
have the faculty to determine the Reference Value of such Basket 
Constituent(s) on the date on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased 
to occur, or on that eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange 
Business Day originally expected; or  
(c) 
for the Basket Constituent(s) for which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and it is continuing on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the 
Exchange Business Day originally expected, the Calculation Agent will have 
the faculty to determine the Reference Value of each Basket Constituent on 
that eighth Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event 
occurred, 
in all cases in accordance with the fair market value of the Government Bond affected 
by the Market Disruption Event, using the quoted prices from the period before the 
Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market Disruption 
Event on the value of such Government Bond. 
Alternatively, if on the eighth Exchange Business Day from the Exchange Business Day 
originally expected the Market Disruption Event is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) the last available Value of the Government 
Bond, (2) any amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior 
to the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event and (3) the probability of the payment for 
any amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, 
such early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and 
procedures (only applicable to Certificates)). 
*** 
Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination Date

--- Page 208 ---
208
For the purposes of this 15(1)(H), Market Disruption Events occurring on a Determination 
Date means the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above in 
15(1)(H) on a Determination Date. 
In such case: 
(i) 
if the Determination Date is in advance of the Issue Date, Determination Date shall 
mean the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. However, where 
a Market Disruption Event is continuing on all the Exchange Business Days 
following the Determination Date originally expected until the Issue Date (excluded), 
the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the issuance of the Securities, 
and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed cancelled; 
(ii) 
if the Determination Date is after or on the Issue Date, Determination Date shall mean 
the first Exchange Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases 
immediately following the Determination Date originally expected. 
If the Market Disruption Event is also continuing on the Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, will determine: (i) in the case of Securities 
relating to a single Government Bond, the official closing Value of the Government 
Bond for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value or (ii) in the case of 
Securities relating to a Basket of Government Bonds, the official closing Value of the 
Basket Constituent, for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Value of the 
Basket, in either case (x) on the basis of the market value of the Government Bond 
affected by the Market Disruption determined using the quoted prices from the period 
before the Disrupted Day and taking into consideration the impact of the Market 
Disruption Event on the value of such Government Bond or (y) pursuant to the 
reasonable market practice.  
If the determination has been carried out in more than one Exchange Business Day 
and the disruption occurred in connection with just one of such days, the 
postponement will be carried out also in connection with the remaining Exchange 
Business Days; and  
(iii) 
if, on a Determination Date before the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Government Bond Value is equal to or greater than the Maximum Level set 
out in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer reserves the right for any reason to 
cancel the issuance of the Securities, and the offer pursuant to the relevant Final 
Terms shall be deemed cancelled.  
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of any events pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii), by 
way 
of 
a 
notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
15(1)(I) Market Disruption Events in relation to Combined Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(1)(I), a Market Disruption Event occurring on a Relevant 
Exchange Business Day other than the Determination Date or on a Determination Date, 
shall have the same meaning of the foregoing Market Disruption Events and will be considered 
in accordance with the underlyings which are relevant for each specific issue. 
15(2) 
Adjustment Events relating to the Underlying and correction provisions in relation to the 
Securities

--- Page 209 ---
209 
If the Underlying is affected by an Adjustment Event, the Issuer will intervene in order to 
procure that the economic value of the Securities following an Adjustment Event is equal, as 
far as possible, to the economic value of the Securities before the occurrence of the 
Adjustment Event, by applying one of the following measures pursuant to the following sub-
sections from 15(2)(A) to 15(2)(I). 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred and its negative effects cannot be corrected as described, 
the Issuer may: (i) apply the provisions of Market Disruption Events as detailed under 15(1), 
or, as alternative, (ii) redeem the Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the basis 
of the market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account (1) any amounts to 
which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the occurrence of the 
Adjustment Event and (2) the probability of the payment for any amounts which the 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the Securities.  
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)). 
15(2)(A) Adjustment Events in relation to Index Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(A), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Index, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Calculation of the Index by a Successor Sponsor. 
If the Index Sponsor is replaced by a Successor Sponsor, the Index so calculated and 
announced by such Successor Sponsor will continue to be deemed as the single 
Underlying or the Basket Constituent. 
(b) 
Modification of the method of calculation of the Index or substitution with a 
Successor Index. 
If an Index Sponsor (or a Successor Sponsor, where applicable) substantially 
modifies the method of calculation of the Index or replaces the Index with a 
Successor Index, the Issuer may take one of the following actions which will be 
notified to the Securityholders by way of a notice on its website: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) may modify 
or replace the method of calculation by using the same or a substantially 
similar formula in the calculation of the Index, so as to maintain continuity 
in the values of the Index before and after such amendment or replacement 
(using a connection coefficient) and the Securities will not be affected by 
any correction and will have the modified Index (or the Successor Index, as 
the case may be) as the Underlying; 
(ii) 
the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) may modify 
or replace the method of calculation resulting in a substantial difference 
between the Index value (as single the Underlying or Basket Constituent) 
before and after such amendment or replacement, the Issuer may correct the

--- Page 210 ---
210
Multiplier, using an adjustment coefficient as determined by the Index 
Sponsor, the Successor Sponsor or, failing this, by the Issuer. In the case of a 
Basket, such amendment or replacement (also following the correction of the 
Multiplier) will not affect the weighting of the Index as Basket Constituent; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer, in relation to the procedure for the amendment or replacement 
and in relation to the modified Index or Successor Index, does not consider 
appropriate the method of calculation in (i) and (ii) for the purposes of the 
first paragraph of this 15(2)(A), the Issuer may redeem the Securities early 
by paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account (1) any 
amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive 
prior to the occurrence of the Adjustment Event and (2) the probability of 
the payment for any amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to 
receive until the maturity of the Securities. 
(c) 
Cancellation or inability to use or disruption of the Index. 
(i) If the Index Sponsor (or the Successor Sponsor, where applicable) permanently 
cancels that Index, including without limitation following the adoption of a decision 
to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmark 
Regulation, or (ii) it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer to use the Index, 
including, without limitation, in the case that the Index has been or will be prohibited 
from being used or its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences under the Benchmark Regulation; or (iii) if the Index Sponsor (or the 
Successor Sponsor, where applicable) fails to calculate and announce that Index, the 
Issuer may replace the Index with another similar Index and, in the case of a Basket, 
with the same weighting of the Index which is a Basket Constituent. In accordance 
with the index types, the features that the Issuer will consider for the purposes of the 
replacement are the following: 
1 
in case of share indices: 
(i) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(ii) 
the connection with the same sector; and 
(iii) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
2 
in case of currency indices, a similar composition of the Index in relation to 
currency classes and such currency classes may include: 
(i) 
U.S. dollar; 
(ii) 
Euro; 
(iii) 
emerging market countries; 
(iv) 
Asian currencies; and 
(v) 
high-yield currencies (for example, New Zealand dollar); 
3. 
in case of bond indices: 
(i) 
the rating; 
(ii) 
the type of issuer (sovereign or not sovereign); 
(iii) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(iv) 
the connection with the same sector; 
(v) 
the life of the bond composing the index; and 
(vi) 
the type of yield of the bond composing the index (fixed-rate or 
floating-rate);

--- Page 211 ---
211 
4. 
in case of commodity indices: 
(i) 
the composition of the Index; and 
(ii) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
5. 
in case of futures indices: 
(i) 
the composition of the Index; and 
(ii) 
the connection with the same sector; 
6. 
in case of fund indices: 
(i) 
the connection with a monetary area; 
(ii) 
the connection with the same geographical area; 
(iii) 
the connection with the same sector; and 
(iv) 
the method of calculation of the Index; 
7. 
in case of inflation indices, the method of calculation of the Index and if the 
successor index cannot be determined pursuant to such parameter, the 
Calculation Agent will inquire five leading independent dealers to establish 
which index shall be the successor index; 
8. 
in the case of volatility indices and interest rate indices, the composition of 
the Index. 
If it is not possible to replace such Index, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early 
pursuant to the method set out above. 
(d) 
Any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Index. 
The Issuer may redeem the Securities early by paying an amount calculated on the 
basis of the market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account 
(1) any amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive 
prior to the occurrence of the Adjustment Event and (2) the probability of the 
payment for any amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until 
the maturity of the Securities. 
(e) 
In case of fund indices, any breach by the Management Company or by the Fund 
Manager or by the Index Sponsor of their obligations, pursuant to agreements in 
place with the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, to provide the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates on a continuous basis with the information of the fund(s) composing the 
Index that the Issuer is required to receive in order to apply the lookthrough 
approach pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB), as 
amended from time to time, which caused a negative change in the accounting 
treatment of such fund(s) and, therefore, a higher capital absorption requirement for 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer may redeem the relevant Securities by paying to the Securityholders the 
market value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account (1) any 
amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the 
occurrence of the Adjustment Event and (2) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities.

--- Page 212 ---
212
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)). 
15(2)(B) Adjustment Events in relation to Share Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(B), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Share, one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
share splits and consolidations; 
(b) 
the increase of corporate capital transactions on a free basis and the increase of 
corporate capital transactions by way of issuance of new shares of the same class as 
those underlying the Securities; 
(c) 
the increase of corporate capital transactions by way of issuance of (i) new shares of a 
class different from those underlying the Securities, (ii) shares with Warrant, (iii) 
convertible bonds and (iv) convertible bonds with Warrant; 
(d) 
merger and de-merger transactions9; 
(e) 
payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off; 
(f) 
delisting in any stock exchange; 
(g) 
nationalisation which means that all the shares or all or substantially all the assets of 
the company that issued the share, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated 
or are otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
(h) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 
per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the company 
that issued the share, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
(i) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Share and/or the rights of the Shareholders. 
In relation to a Share, the Issuer determines the method of correction so that the economic 
value of the Securities after the correction is equal, as far as possible, to the economic value of 
the Securities before the Adjustment Event has occurred. By way of example, the Issuer may 
also use for a single Share one of the following correction methods, including but not limited 
to: 
(i) 
in case of a merger (and the shares of the company that arises from the merger remain 
listed), such Share will be replaced with the only Share of the company that arises 
from the merger; 
 
9 
For the purposes of a correction in relation to a de-merger, reference should be made to the listed share of the 
company that arises from the de-merger transaction.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
(ii) 
in case of a takeover, by way of tender offer, of the company issuing the Share, the 
price of such Share is crystallised until the expiry date of the Securities and is 
determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the value of the Share at the 
beginning of the tender offer; 
(iii) 
in case of a payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off in relation to the 
Share, the Initial Reference Value will be corrected so the performance of the Share is 
held constant. 
In relation to a Basket, the correction is made so as to immunise the Basket performance on an 
Adjustment Event occurring, and as a consequence the performance of the Securities will be 
neutralised in relation to the Adjustment Event. By way of example, the Issuer may also use 
for a Basket one of the following correction methods: 
(i) 
a merger between two companies issuing Shares which are both Basket Constituents 
(and the shares of the company that arises from the merger remain listed), such 
Shares will be replaced within the Basket with the only Share of the company that 
arises from the merger and that Share will have a weighting equal to the sum of the 
weightings of the two Shares; 
(ii) 
a takeover, by way of tender offer, of the company issuing the Share which is a 
Basket Constituent, the price of such Share within the Basket is crystallised until the 
expiry date of the Securities and is determined by the Calculation Agent taking into 
account the value of the Share at the beginning of the tender offer; 
(iii) 
a default of a company issuing a Share which is a Basket Constituent (and the 
consequent delisting of such Share), the price of such Share will be equal to zero until 
the expiry date of the Securities; and 
(iv) 
a payment of an extraordinary dividend or a spin-off in relation to a Share which is a 
Basket Constituent, the Initial Reference Value will be corrected so the performance 
of the Share within the relevant Basket is held constant. 
In each case, both in relation to a single Share and a Basket, the correction, in relation to a 
single Adjustment Event, may affect the Initial Reference Value and/or the Multiplier and/or 
the Share/Basket Constituent and/or other terms related to the Securities and is made according 
to the following criteria: 
(i) 
where an option contract on the Share affected by the Adjustment Event is traded on a 
Related Exchange, reference will be made to the criteria used by the Related 
Exchange to make the relevant corrections, possibly modified to consider the existing 
differences between the contractual features of the Securities and the option contracts; 
(ii) 
where there are no option contracts on the Share traded on a Related Exchange or in 
relation to which the Issuer does not consider that the method of correction is 
appropriate for the adjustment of the Securities, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities will be adjusted by the Issuer pursuant to international market practice. 
In relation to such adjustments, Securityholders will be notified by the Issuer by way of a 
notice on the Issuer's website. 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, whose effects may not be neutralised by way of

--- Page 214 ---
214
appropriate corrections to the Initial Reference Value and/or the Multiplier and/or the 
Share/Basket Constituent and/or other terms related to the Securities, the Issuer has the right 
but not the obligation to: (i) apply the provisions of the relevant Market Disruption Events as 
detailed under 15(1)(B), or, as alternative, (ii) redeem the Securities early, paying to each 
Securityholder, in respect of each Security, a cash amount calculated pursuant to the market 
value of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, 
considering (1) the quoted prices of the Underlying during the eight days before the 
adjustment date, (2) any amounts to which the Securityholders would have been entitled to 
receive prior to the occurrence of the Adjustment Event and (3) the probability of the payment 
for any amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the maturity of the 
Securities; thereby discharging its contractual obligations pursuant to the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)). 
15(2)(C) Adjustment Events in relation to Commodity Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(C), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Commodity, 
one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
the Commodity traded on the Reference Source is a different quality or another 
composition (for example, in a different degree of purity); 
(b) 
any other event or measure as a result of which the Commodity, as traded on the 
Reference Source, is changed or altered; 
(c) 
options contracts or futures contracts on or relating to the Commodity as traded on 
any Related Exchange are altered in the manner described under (a) and (b) above; 
and 
(d) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Commodity, 
and whether or not any event or measure is an Adjustment Event shall be conclusively 
determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
The Adjustment Event shall be treated as a Market Disruption event and paragraph 15 (1)(C) 
shall apply. 
15(2)(D) Adjustment Events in relation to Future Contracts Securities. 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(D), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Future 
Contract, one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Calculation of the Future Contract by a third party 
If the price of the Future Contract starts to be calculated and published by an entity other than 
the Reference Source (the "Other Entity"), the Underlying of the Securities will remain as the 
Future Contract selected as such, as calculated by the Other Entity.  
The Securityholders will be notified of the identity of the Other Entity, the terms of the 
calculation and the publication of the Future Contract as calculated by the Other Entity, within

--- Page 215 ---
215 
eight Business Day after the appointment of such Other Entity, by way of a notice on the 
Issuer's website. 
(b) 
Modification of the features of the Future Contract 
If the Reference Source or the Other Entity substantially modifies the features of the Future 
Contract, including, without limitation, the formula or the method of calculation of the 
Reference Value, the content, composition or constitution of the underlying of the Future 
Contract or replaces the Future Contract with a new asset, the following may occur: 
(i) 
if the Reference Source (or the Other Entity, where applicable) modifies or replaces 
so as to maintain continuity in the values of the Future Contract before and after 
such amendment or replacement (using a connection coefficient), the Securities 
will not be affected by any correction and will have the modified Future Contract 
as the Underlying; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Source (or the Other Entity, where applicable) makes the 
modification or replacement resulting in a substantial difference in the value of the 
Future Contract before and after such modification or replacement, the Calculation 
Agent will correct the Multiplier (and/or the Initial Reference Value and/or other 
terms related to the Securities), so that the economic value of the Future Contract is 
maintained constant, using an adjustment coefficient as calculated by the Reference 
Source of the Future Contract or, failing this, as deemed appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion and in good faith, also 
considering the market practice. In the case of a Basket of Future Contracts, such 
modification or replacement will not affect the weighting of the Future Contract as 
a Basket Constituent; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the effects of the modification or 
replacement cannot be deleted by way of the procedure set out in (ii) above, the 
Issuer will be entitled to perform its obligations pursuant to the Securities in 
accordance with the following paragraph. 
(c) 
Cessation of the calculation of the Future Contract 
If the Reference Source or the Other Entity ceases to calculate or publish the Future Contract 
without calculating or publishing a new Future Contract, the Issuer may perform its 
obligations pursuant to the Securities paying to the Securityholders an amount representing the 
market value of the Securities. 
(d) 
Any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Future Contract. 
The Securityholders will be notified of the market value of the Securities and the relevant 
method of payment, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
15(2)(E)Adjustment Events in relation to Exchange Rate Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(E), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Exchange 
Rate, the one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Adjustments 
If 
a 
Second 
Currency 
is 
in 
the 
country 
(or 
countries) 
or 
jurisdiction 
(or

--- Page 216 ---
216
jurisdictions)maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues such Reference 
Currency, replaced in its function as legal tender by another currency or merged with another 
currency to become a common currency (such replacement or merged currency the "New 
Reference Currency") and the provisions of the following paragraph "Early Termination 
Event" do not apply, such Second Currency shall, within the Exchange Rate, be replaced by 
the New Reference Currency (such exchange rate the "New Rate of Exchange"), provided 
that the New Exchange Rate shall be calculated on the basis of the number of units of the New 
Reference Currency determined by the conversion of the number of units of the Second 
Currency used for the determination of the previous Exchange Rate into the New Reference 
Currency using the exchange rate applicable to such conversion, all of which is determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
Early Termination Events 
(i) 
If a Reference Currency ceases, for any reason, to be legal tender in the country (or 
countries) or jurisdiction (or jurisdictions), maintaining the authority, institution or 
other body which issues such Reference Currency, and the provisions of the 
previous paragraph ""Adjustments" do not apply, or if an adjustment in accordance 
with the previous paragraph is, as determined by the Calculation Agent, for any 
reason not possible or not reasonably practical; or 
(ii) where the Reference Source for any Exchange Rate is an exchange, trading system 
or quotation system, if the Reference Source announces that pursuant to the rules of 
such Reference Source, the exchange rate between the relevant First Currency and 
Second Currency ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Reference Source for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange, trading system or quotation system acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent ("Cessation of Trading"), 
the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to cancel the Securities by giving notice to 
the Securityholders through the Issuer's website. The Issuer may discharge its obligations 
pursuant to the Securities paying an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security 
held by such Securityholder which amount shall be the fair market value of the Securities, as 
determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
The Securityholders will be notified of the market value of the Securities and the relevant 
method of payment, by way of a notice on the Issuer's website. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)). 
15(2)(F) Adjustment Events in relation to Fund Securities 
Terms 
"Insolvency" means that, by reason of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Fund, (i) 
all of the shares of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (ii) holders of the shares of that Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Nationalization" means that the Fund or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are

--- Page 217 ---
217 
nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
Adjustment Events and replacement of the Fund or redemption of the Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(F), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Fund, one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
Nationalization; 
(b)  
Insolvency; 
(c) 
the Fund (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, 
official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), 
or (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors, or the Fund institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking judgement of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other similar relief, or (iii) has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief, (iv) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all of its assets, (v) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets 
and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter, or (vi) causes 
or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses from (i) 
to (v) above; 
(d)  
the net asset value of the Fund has decreased by an amount considered reasonably 
significant by the Issuer in good faith, or the Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of 
any law, any order or judgement of any court or other agency of government 
applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund documents or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
(e)  
(i) the resignation, termination, or replacement of its Fund adviser or (ii) the 
resignation, termination, death or replacement of any key person; 
(f) 
any change or modification of the related documents that could reasonably be 
expected to affect the value of such Fund; 
(g)  
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related 
Fund documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of such Fund or the rights 
or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
(h) 
(i) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund, (ii) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or

--- Page 218 ---
218
its Fund adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of 
such Fund or on any investor therein, or (iii) the Fund or any of its Fund administrator 
of Fund adviser becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such 
Fund, Fund administrator or Fund adviser; 
(i) 
(i) occurrence of any event affecting such Fund that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to determine the value of such Fund, and such event continues for at least the 
foreseeable future; (ii) any failure of the Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) 
information, if any that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or (B) information that has 
been previously delivered, as applicable, in accordance with such Fund, or its 
authorized representative's, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to 
such Fund; 
(j)  
any breach by the Management Company or by the Fund Manager of their 
obligations, pursuant to agreements in place with the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, to 
provide the Issuer or any of its Affiliates on a continuous basis with the information 
of the Fund that the Issuer is required to receive in order to apply the lookthrough 
approach pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB), as 
amended from time to time, which caused a negative change in the accounting 
treatment of the Fund and, therefore, a higher capital absorption requirement for the 
Issuer;  
(k) 
(i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (A) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the interest issued or held in the Fund, or 
(B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect 
to the interest issued or held in the Fund (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit of other adverse effect on its tax 
position); 
(l) 
the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk 
relating to any interest issued or held in the Fund of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Fund Security, or (ii) realize, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction (s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an increased cost of hedging 
pursuant to this clause l);  
(m)  
as a result of a change in the Issuer’s accounting policies and/or accounting treatment, 
the Issuer would incur (i) a materially increased (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee and/or (ii) a materially 
decreased valuation, to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or

--- Page 219 ---
219 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk 
relating to any interest issued or held in the Fund of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the relevant Fund Security; 
(n) 
a failure by the Fund to pay the full amount of the redemption proceeds calculated by 
the Calculation Agent (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise), on any date 
on which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount; 
(o) 
any other event affecting the economic value and, consequently, the market price of 
the Fund; and 
(p) 
the total exposure of the Issuer with respect to the Fund on any Exchange Business 
Day is higher than a specific threshold amount (the "Threshold") determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to Securityholders on the Issuer's website. In the 
absence of any notice, the Threshold shall be considered as equal to 22.00% of the 
aggregate net asset value of the relevant Fund on the relevant Exchange Business 
Day. 
Following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event pursuant to (a), (b), (j) and (m) above in 
relation to a Fund, the Issuer may redeem the relevant Securities through a notice published on 
its website. In this case, the Issuer will pay to the Securityholders the market value of the 
Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into account (1) any amounts to which the Securityholders 
would have been entitled to receive prior to the occurrence of the Adjustment Event and (2) 
the probability of the payment for any amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to 
receive until the maturity of the Securities. 
Adjustment Events pursuant to (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (k), (l), (n) and (o) above shall be 
treated as Market Disruption Events and paragraph 15 (1) (F) shall apply. 
Following the occurrence of the Adjustment Event pursuant to (p), the Calculation Agent has 
the faculty but not the obligation to, alternatively: 
(i)  
identify a new Fund in respect of which an Adjustment Event has not occurred. 
Following the identification of the new fund by the Calculation Agent, 
Securityholders will be notified by the Calculation Agent by way of a notice on the 
Issuer's website. The new Fund will replace the Fund affected by the Adjustment 
Event pursuant to (p) with effect from the release of the relevant substitution notice 
on the Issuer's website. The Calculation Agent will make the corrections which will 
be appropriate in its opinion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to any 
variable, method of calculation or evaluation or other relevant parameter pursuant to 
the Securities, in order to affect such substitution, or 
(ii)  
take any necessary action to reduce Issuer's exposure in order that the total exposure 
of the Issuer shall be comprised below the Threshold, including the faculty for the 
Issuer to redeem the relevant Securities through a notice published on its website.  
15(2)(G)Adjustment Events in relation to Interest Rate Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(G), "Adjustment Event" means, in relation to an Interest Rate, 
one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
the Interest Rate is no longer calculated by the relevant Calculation Entity in charge 
for the calculation, but by another entity which has replaced the Calculation Entity in

--- Page 220 ---
220
charge of the calculation. In such case, the Settlement Amount will be determined 
according to the Reference Value of the Interest Rate as determined and published by 
the new entity, and each reference to the Entity in charge for the calculation shall be 
deemed as a reference, where applicable, to the new entity; and  
(ii) 
(a) the Interest Rate is cancelled or replaced, including without limitation, following 
the adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in 
Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation or (b) it has or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to use the Interest Rate, including, without limitation, in the case that the 
Interest Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used or its use has been or will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences under the Benchmark Regulation. 
In such cases if the Calculation Entity substantially modifies the method of 
calculation of the Interest Rate or replaces the Interest Rate with a Successor Interest 
Rate, the Issuer may take one of the following actions which will be notified to the 
Securityholders by way of a notice on its website: 
(a) 
the Calculation Entity may modify or replace the method of calculation by 
using the same or a substantially similar formula in the calculation of the 
Interest Rate, so as to maintain continuity in the values of the Interest Rate 
before and after such amendment or replacement (using a connection 
coefficient) and the Securities will not be affected by any correction and will 
have the modified Interest Rate as the Underlying; 
(b) 
the Calculation Entity may modify or replace the method of calculation 
resulting in a substantial difference between the Interest Rate value before 
and after such amendment or replacement, the Issuer may correct the 
Multiplier, using an adjustment coefficient as determined by the Calculation 
Entity or, failing this, by the Issuer. In the case of a Basket, such amendment 
or replacement (also following the correction of the Multiplier) will not 
affect the weighting of the Interest Rate as Basket Constituent; 
(c) 
if the Issuer, in relation to the procedure for the amendment or replacement 
and in relation to the modified Interest Rate, does not consider appropriate 
the method of calculation in (a) and (b) for the purposes of this 15(2)(G), the 
Issuer may redeem the Securities early by paying an amount calculated on 
the basis of the market value of the Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and taking into account (1) any amounts to which the 
Securityholders would have been entitled to receive prior to the occurrence 
of the Adjustment Event and (2) the probability of the payment for any 
amounts which the Securityholders may be entitled to receive until the 
maturity of the Securities; 
(iii) 
(a) the Interest Rate is cancelled or replaced including without limitation, following 
the adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in 
Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation or (b) it has or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to use the Interest Rate, including, without limitation, in the case that the 
Interest Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used or its use has been or will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences under the Benchmark Regulation 
and, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, it is not possible to determine a new 
Interest Rate. In such case, the Issuer and an expert appointed by the Issuer will 
continue to calculate and publish the Interest Rate pursuant to the previous system

--- Page 221 ---
221 
and to the last level calculated or the Issuer may redeem the Securities early by 
paying an amount calculated on the basis of the market value of the Securities. 
In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements, the 
early exercise of such Certificates is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures 
(only applicable to Certificates)). 
15(2)(H)Adjustment Events in relation to Govies Securities 
For the purposes of this 15(2)(H), "Adjustment Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(i) 
the specified Exchange ceases to list or otherwise include the Government Bond and 
the Government Bond is listed or otherwise included in any other securities 
exchange; 
(ii) 
the issuer of the Government Bond irreversibly converts those Government Bond into 
other securities; 
(iii) 
If the Value published or announced on a given Exchange Business Day and used 
or to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Value, the 
Initial Reference Value or Final Reference Value is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published or announced by the Reference Source for that publication 
or announcement within 30 calendar days of the original publication or 
announcement; 
(iv) 
any other event affecting the economic value, and consequently the market price of 
the Government Bond. 
15(2)(I)Adjustment Events in relation to Combined Securities  
For the purposes of this 15(2)(I), "Adjustment Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the events set out above in relation to the other types of Security, in accordance with the 
specific underlying assets which are relevant from time to time in relation to each issue. 
16. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices): 
(i) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms 
of the Securities shall be redenominated in Euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(A) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Securities is the National Currency 
Unit of a country which is participating in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, such Settlement Currency shall be deemed 
to be an amount of euro converted from the original Settlement Currency 
into Euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to

--- Page 222 ---
222
rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide and as may be specified in the 
notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Securities will be made solely in Euro as though 
references in the Securities to the Settlement Currency were to Euro; 
(B) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions (as 
amended or supplemented in the applicable Final Terms) are expressed in or, 
in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the 
currency (the "Original Currency") of a country which is participating in 
the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange 
Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed to be 
expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted for or, as the 
case may be into, Euro at the Established Rate; and 
(C) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions (as amended or 
supplemented in the applicable Final Terms) as the Issuer may decide, in its 
sole and absolute discretion to conform them to conventions then applicable 
to instruments expressed in Euro; and/or 
(ii) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Multiplier and/or the 
Strike Price and/or the Settlement Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Multiplier and/or the Strike Price 
and/or the Settlement Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent 
or any of the Security Agents shall be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of Euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Date means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the 
Securityholders pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the 
country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to first sentence of Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
National Currency Unit means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in 
European Economic and Monetary Union; and

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Treaty means the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
17. 
Acknowledgement of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Securityholder, and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Securities each Securityholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution 
Authority, which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in 
respect of the Securities together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, 
or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities together with any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Securities together with any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the expiry of the Securities or amendment of 
the amounts payable under the Securities, or the date on which each amount becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Italian Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian 
Resolution Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Italian Resolution Authority shall not 
constitute an event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as 
varied by the Italian Resolution Authority in accordance with this Condition 17. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Authority of the actual date from 
which the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Certificates, the 
Issuer shall notify the holders of the Certificates without delay. Any delay or failure by the 
Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-in Power 
nor the effects on the Certificates described in this Condition 17. 
Each Securityholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the 
matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings relating to the application of any Italian Bail-in Power to the Certificates. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
Subject as provided in the Agency Agreement, the Securities do not confer on any third party 
any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Act) to enforce any term 
of the Securities, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is 
available apart from the Act. 
19. 
Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to Warrants)

--- Page 224 ---
224
(A) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise 
Period by the delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner set out below, unless an Early 
Redemption Event (only applicable in case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading 
without prior offer), or a Termination Event, or an Adjustment Event, or a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred.  
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the 
manner set out below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may 
be, on the last Exercise Business Day of the Exercise Period (the Expiration Date), shall 
become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any such 
American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may 
be, on the Expiration Date and which is in the determination of the Calculation Agent "In-The-
Money" shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date (as defined below), provided 
that the relevant Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. The expressions exercise, due exercise 
and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any Warrants which are automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date in accordance with this provision. 
With respect to an American Style Warrant, the Actual Exercise Date means (a) the Exercise 
Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice in respect of an 
American Style Warrant is delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with a 
copy to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as appropriate, or (b) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph (a), the Expiration Date. If any Exercise Notice in respect of an American Style 
Warrant is received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or a copy thereof is 
delivered to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer after 10.00 a.m. Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as appropriate, on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, 
such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business 
Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided 
that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner 
set out below at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the 
Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
become void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
If the Renouncement Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Securityholder may renounce any Automatic Exercise of such Warrant, prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time, specified in the relevant Final Terms, through its own 
account holding bank, which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed 
in writing) a duly completed Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the form 
available on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com, to the 
relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent, in compliance with the 
laws and regulation, including the regulations of the relevant stock exchange, applicable from 
time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement Notice is delivered or sent in compliance with

--- Page 225 ---
225 
the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be entitled to receive any amounts payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the relevant Warrants and the Issuer shall have no further liabilities in 
respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered, a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether 
a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered shall be null and void. If such 
Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date or if such day is not an 
Exercise Business Day the immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day (the Actual 
Exercise Date and the Expiration Date), unless an Early Redemption Event, (only applicable 
in case of Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without prior offer) or a 
Termination Event, or an Adjustment Event, or a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Actual 
Exercise Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the 
Actual Exercise Date and which is in the determination of the Calculation Agent "In-The-
Money", shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions set 
out below shall apply, provided the relevant Warrant is not a Definitive Warrant. The 
expressions exercise, due exercise and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any 
Warrants which are automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date in accordance with 
this provision. 
If the Renouncement Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Securityholder may renounce any Automatic Exercise of such Warrant, prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time, specified in the applicable Final Terms, through its own 
account holding bank, which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed 
in writing) a duly completed Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the form 
available on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com, to the 
relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer, in 
compliance with the laws and regulation, including the regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange, applicable from time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement Notice is delivered 
or sent in compliance with the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be entitled to receive 
any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Warrants and the Issuer shall have 
no further liabilities in respect of such amounts.

--- Page 226 ---
226
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether 
a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered shall be null and void. If such 
Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered the relevant 
Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(B) 
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Securities, subject as provided in this Condition 19, the Issuer 
shall pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each duly exercised 
Warrant, by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for value on the Settlement Date less any Expenses and any 
other sums payable not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as appropriate). 
The Issuer's obligations will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) of the amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
number of Warrants must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each such payment. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or any other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment. 
(C) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities 
and Govies Securities), each such Warrant entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject as 
provided in Condition 4 (Physical Delivery provisions), to receive the Entitlement from the 
Issuer on the Settlement Date, subject to payment of any Expenses and any other sums payable 
and unless an Early Redemption Event (only applicable in case of Warrants to be admitted to 
listing and/or trading without prior offer), or a Termination Event, or an Adjustment Event, or 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants. In particular, 
Securityholders will receive the Deliverable Asset and, if any, the Residual Amount. 
Following exercise of a Share Security which are Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Securities, all dividends on the Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would 
receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder 
will be paid to the account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Exercise Notice.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(D) 
Exercise Notice 
Warrants may only be exercised by the Securityholder through its own account holding bank, 
which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent 
and the Issuer, of a duly completed exercise notice, which shall be substantially in the form 
available on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com (an 
Exercise Notice) in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 19. If the relevant 
Warrant is in definitive form, such Warrant must be delivered, together with the Exercise 
Notice, to the Issuer and with a copy to the Principal Security Agent. 
(1) 
An Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Warrants and the number of Warrants the subject of such 
Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Warrants, specify the number of the Securityholder's 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited 
with the Warrants the subject of such Exercise Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Warrants, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement 
Date the Securityholder's account with the Warrants the subject of such Exercise 
Notice; 
(iv) 
include (A) an undertaking to pay all Expenses (together with any other amounts 
payable); and (B) an authorisation to the Issuer to deduct any Expenses from the Cash 
Settlement Amount, if the Warrants are Cash Settled Securities, or, if the Warrants 
are Physical Delivery Securities, an irrevocable instruction to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (or to the Principal Security Agent, in 
the case of Definitive Warrants), to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other specified account of the 
Securityholder, in the case of Definitive Warrants) with any Expenses (together with 
any other amounts payable); 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement which may include 
account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the 
Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement are to be delivered and 
specify the name and the number of the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Warrant, 
at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be 
credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any Residual 
Amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the Deliverable 
Asset or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or, if 
applicable, a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the 
Settlement Disruption Amount or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price;

--- Page 228 ---
228
(vi) 
only in the case of Warrants having an Exchange Rate as Underlying, specify the 
number of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Warrant, at a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be credited with the amount 
due upon exercise of the Warrants; 
(vii) 
only if the Cash Settled Warrants are Definitive Warrants, specify the details of an 
account in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to be 
credited with the Cash Settlement Amount for each Warrant being exercised; 
(viii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant the subject of such 
Exercise Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant 
was not held on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have 
been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person in connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, undertake 
to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling restrictions under 
the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(2) 
If Condition 4(C) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered may be 
different from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice are available on the website 
of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com and may also be obtained from 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Security Agents. 
(E) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of an Exercise Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive Warrant, upon 
receipt of an Exercise Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
shall verify that the person exercising the Warrant is the holder thereof according to the books 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Subject thereto, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the Principal Security Agent the 
Series and the number of Warrants being exercised, the relevant account details (if applicable) 
for payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or the details for the delivery of the Entitlement, 
as the case may be, in respect of the Warrants specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. Upon 
receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Security Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the Settlement 
Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder with the Warrants the subject of the 
relevant Exercise Notice. 
(F) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made by the relevant Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security 
Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation 
Agent and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) and copied to the Issuer and the

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, is not duly delivered to the 
Issuer together with the relevant Definitive Warrant(s) and copied to the Principal Security 
Agent), shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as appropriate), in consultation with the Principal Security Agent 
(or, in the case of Definitive Warrants, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the 
Principal Security Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent.  
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrants with 
respect to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the 
manner set out above by the cut-off time specified above, shall become void.  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, in the case of Definitive 
Warrants, the Issuer) shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting 
an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Issuer and/or the Principal Security Agent (as 
applicable), it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In 
the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Security 
Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any 
person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Securityholder. 
(G) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant 
Securityholder to exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, 
such exercising Securityholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(H) 
Failure to deliver an Exercise Notice 
This paragraph only applies if (i) Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Warrants are automatically exercised and (ii) provided the relevant Warrant is not a 
Definitive Warrant. 
(i) 
Cash Settlement 
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of Warrants that are Cash Settled 
Securities to which this Condition applies, deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
provisions set out above on or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case 
may be, on the Expiration Date, the provisions of Condition 19(B) shall nevertheless apply as 
if such Warrant had been duly exercised on such date. 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery  
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Securities to which this Condition applies, deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
Condition 19 (D) above on or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case 
may be, on the Expiration Date, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable determine 
the Assessed Value Payment Amount and in respect of the relevant Warrant, shall pay or cause 
to be paid the Assessed Value Payment Amount by credit or transfer to the relevant

--- Page 230 ---
230
Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (such payment to be 
made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be) as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount as aforesaid, the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of such Warrant shall be discharged. Payments will be subject in 
all cases to any fiscal or any other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment. 
As used herein, Assessed Value Payment Amount means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all 
of the Entitlement in respect of the relevant Warrant, less any Expenses and any other amounts 
payable. 
(I) 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Warrants 
In the event that any Definitive Warrants have been issued prior to the Expiration Date, the 
Issuer shall, on or prior to the Expiration Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) of the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement 
Amount or Assessed Value Payment Amount that may be payable upon Automatic Exercise. 
20. 
Minimum and maximum amount of Warrants Exercisable (only applicable to 
Warrants) 
(A) 
American Style Warrants 
 
This paragraph (A) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Securityholder on any Actual Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than 
the Minimum Exercise Amount, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of 
this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise 
Date by any Securityholder or a group of Securityholders (whether or not acting in concert) 
exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number 
being the Quota), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such 
Warrants, selected at the discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date 
for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of 
the succeeding Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual 
Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such 
Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. 
In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by 
Securityholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer. 
(B) 
European Style Warrants 
This paragraph (B) applies only to European Style Warrants.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
The number of Warrants exercisable on behalf of any Securityholder on any Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than 
the Minimum Exercise Amount, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Any exercise which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this 
provision shall be void and of no effect. 
21. 
Exercise rights and procedure (only applicable to Certificates) 
(A) 
Exercise Date 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date and settled in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Exercise rights and procedures (only applicable to 
Certificates)), unless an Early Redemption Event occurred, if applicable, or a Call Option is 
exercised by the Issuer (if applicable), or a Put Option is exercised by the Securityholder (if 
applicable) or an Open End Feature is applicable (only in case of Benchmark Certificates, 
Constant Leverage Certificates and Turbo Certificates), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or unless a Termination Event or an Adjustment Event or a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
Requirements, the early exercise is subject to compliance with the then applicable MREL 
Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority, if required, as specified in this Condition 21). 
If the Renouncement Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Securityholder may renounce the automatic exercise of such Certificates, prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time, specified in the applicable Final Terms, through its own 
account holding bank, which shall deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed 
in writing) a duly completed Renouncement Notice, which shall be substantially in the form 
available on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com, to the 
relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer, in 
compliance with the laws and regulation, including the regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange, applicable from time to time. If a duly completed Renouncement Notice is delivered 
or sent in compliance with the above, the relevant Securityholder will not be entitled to receive 
any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Certificates and the Issuer shall 
have no further liabilities in respect of such amounts. 
Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any determination as to whether 
a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered shall be null and void. If such 
Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Principal Security Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System and copied to the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent. 
(B) 
Exercise Date in case of Open End Feature or if a Call Option or Put Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 232 ---
232
If, in case of Benchmark Certificates, Constant Leverage Certificates and Turbo Certificates, 
Open End Feature is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no Exercise Date will 
be provided and the Certificates may only be redeemed upon exercise of the Call Option by 
the Issuer (on a Call Exercise Date), or the exercise of the Put Option by the Securityholder 
(on a Put Exercise Date).  
Exercise following the Call Option or the Put Option may be applicable also if an Exercise 
Date is provided, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Certificates will be redeemed on 
the relevant Call Exercise Date or Put Exercise Date, as the case may be and in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms. In relation to Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under 
the MREL Requirements, the early exercise is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
MREL Requirements (including, without limitation, having obtained the prior permission of 
the Relevant Authority, if required). 
(i) 
Exercise of the Call Option by the Issuer 
For the purposes of the exercise of the Call Option during a specified Call Notice 
Period, the Issuer shall communicate the intention to exercise the Call Option to the 
relevant Stock Exchange and publish a notice to the Securityholders on its website by 
the Call Notice Period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such notice will be 
irrevocable and shall indicate the Call Exercise Date. 
(ii) 
Exercise of the Put Option by the Securityholder 
For the purposes of the exercise of the Put Option during a specified Put Notice 
Period, the Securityholder shall send a Put Option Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the procedure specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Put Option Exercise 
Notice shall be carried out in relation to a number of Certificates of the same Series, 
equal to the Minimum Exercise Amount or to an integer multiple of that number. Any 
Put Option Exercise Notice which has not been sent pursuant to the applicable Final 
Terms and/or has not been received by the relevant recipient specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will not be considered valid. Once the Put Option Exercise 
Notice is delivered, the Certificates in respect of which the Put Option has been 
exercised shall not be transferred to third parties. 
(C) 
Exercise of Certificates that qualify as eligible liabilities under the MREL 
(i) Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase  
Any call, redemption, repurchase, repayment or modification of eligible Certificates is 
subject, to the extent such Certificates qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements (so called eligible liabilities), to compliance with the then 
applicable MREL Requirements, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the 
prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, 
where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the relevant Certificates with Own Funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(b) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Own Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the competent authority, considers 
necessary; or 
(c) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Certificates with Own Funds instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in 
the Relevant Regulations for continuing authorisation,  
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) such Certificates, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria 
that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purposes. 
(ii) Exercise due to a MREL Disqualification Event  
In relation to Certificates qualified as MREL eligible liabilities at the time of their 
issuance, ifthe Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing, the Issuer in its discretion may, having given a notice to the Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices), which will specify the scheduled date for 
redemption and payment of the relevant amount, redeem such Series of Certificates, in 
whole but not in part, then outstanding at any time by paying to Securityholders an 
amount which shall be equal to the fair market value of the Certificates (the bid-value in 
case of Italian Traded Securities). 
(D) 
Cash Settlement 
Subject as provided in this Condition 21, the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the relevant 
amount(s) (if any) for each Certificate by credit or transfer to the Securityholder's account with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for value on the Settlement Date, 
less any Expenses not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be provided that in the case of 
Registered Securities, such payment shall be made in accordance with Condition 21(E) 
(Settlement provisions for Registered Certificates). 
In case of Securities which are not Registered Securities, the Issuer's obligations will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the 
case may be) of the amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular amount of the Certificates must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each such 
payment.

--- Page 234 ---
234
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in any jurisdiction (including Section 871(m)), and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations 
or official interpretations thereof, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code. 
(E) 
Settlement provisions for Registered Certificates 
Payments of the Cash Settlement Amount (less any Expenses not already paid) in respect of 
each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of 
the Registered Certificate appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (in each case, the Record Date). 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or 
(ii) the aggregate Issue Price of the Certificates held by a holder is less than U.S. $250,000 (or 
integral multiples of U.S. $1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency 
drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). 
For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any 
bank which processes payments in euro. 
Holders of Registered Securities will be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Certificate as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost 
in the post. 
None of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Principal Security Agent will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Global Registered Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
A record of each payment made on such Registered Global Certificate will be made on such 
Registered Global Certificate by the Registrar and such record shall be prima facie evidence 
that the payment in question has been made.  
The holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to 
receive payments in respect of Registered Certificates represented by such Registered Global 
Certificate and the payment obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Registered Global Certificate in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular 
amount of Certificates must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or

--- Page 235 ---
235 
any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate. No 
person other than the holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall have any claim 
against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Registered Global Certificate. 
(F) 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Certificates  
In the event that any Definitive Certificates have been issued prior to the Exercise Date, the 
Issuer shall, on or prior to the Exercise Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Notices) of the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement 
Amount that may be payable upon exercise of the Certificates. 
(G) 
Physical Settlement 
If the Certificates are Physical Delivery Securities (only applicable in case of Share Securities 
and Govies Securities), each such Certificate entitles its holder, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 22 (if applicable), to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Entitlement, 
subject to payment of any Expenses. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificates of the same 
Securityholder which has been automatically exercised and in respect of which, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (as defined below) has 
been duly given as provided in Condition 22 below, will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Certificates. In particular, 
Securityholders will receive the Deliverable Asset and, if any, the Residual Amount. 
In case of Share Securities, following exercise of Certificates that are Physical Delivery 
Securities, all dividends on the relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that 
would receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on 
the Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will 
be paid to the account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice (if applicable) as referred to in Condition 22. 
22. 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notices and Settlement (only applicable if 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) 
(A) 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, in 
order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement the relevant Securityholder must deliver or send by 
authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent and the Issuer not later than 
10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the Exercise Date a duly 
completed physical delivery confirmation notice (a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice) 
substantially in the form set out in the Annex to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
and in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition.

--- Page 236 ---
236
If the relevant Security is in definitive form, such Security must be delivered, together with the 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, to the Issuer and with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent. 
(1) 
The Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series of the Securities and the number of Securities the subject 
of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Securities, specify the number of the 
Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to be debited with the Securities the subject of such Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Securities, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the Securityholder's account with the Securities the subject 
of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, except in the case of 
Definitive Securities, an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in respect thereof; 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for 
delivery of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all of the Entitlement 
which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Deliverable Asset constituting 
part or all of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset constituting part 
or all of the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and the 
number of the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive Security, at a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency to 
be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any 
Residual Amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to 
the Deliverable Asset or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer 
electing to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price, as the case may be; 
(vi) 
only in the case of Securities having Exchange Rate(s) as Underlying, 
specify the number of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in the case of a Definitive 
Security, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement 
Currency to be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the Securities; 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Security the subject of 
such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined 
in the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice), the Security was not held on 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or 
will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit

--- Page 237 ---
237 
of, a U.S. person in connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United 
States as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(viii) 
authorise the production of the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice in 
any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
(2) 
If Condition 4(C) applies, the form of Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
required to be delivered may be different from that set out above. Copies of such 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice may be obtained from Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the Security Agents. 
(B) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted in respect of a 
Definitive Security, upon receipt of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person exercising the 
Securities is the holder thereof according to the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, will confirm to the Principal Security Agent the Series and the number of 
Securities being exercised and the details for the delivery of the Deliverable Asset constituting 
part or all of the Entitlement in respect of each Security the subject of the relevant Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Security 
Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, will on or before the Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder with 
the Securities the subject of the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
(C) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, if applicable, is 
duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the Principal Security Agent, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Security Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) and copied to the Issuer and 
the Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, which is not duly 
delivered to the Issuer together with the relevant Definitive Security(s) and copied to the 
Principal Security Agent) shall be null and void. 
If such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in 
consultation with the Principal Security Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and copied to the Issuer and the Principal 
Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, to the Issuer and copied to the 
Principal Security Agent). 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, (or, in the case of Definitive 
Securities, the Issuer) shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting

--- Page 238 ---
238
a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice if, in consultation with the Issuer and/or the Principal 
Security Agent (as applicable), it has determined that such Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct 
on its part, none of the Issuer, the Security Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted 
to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such 
determination to a Securityholder. 
(D) 
Delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
After the delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the relevant Securityholder 
may not transfer Certificates the subject of such notice. 
(E) 
Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
If the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms (and provided that the relevant Securities are not Definitive Securities, in which case 
the provisions of Condition 22(I) (Settlement provisions for Definitive Securities) will apply), 
in the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of the Physical Delivery, deliver or 
procure delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice as set out above, prior to 10.00 
a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, on the Exercise Date, the Issuer shall as soon as 
reasonably practicable determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount and in respect of such 
Certificate shall pay or cause to be paid the Assessed Value Payment Amount by credit or 
transfer to the Securityholder's account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount. 
Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount as aforesaid, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of such Certificate shall be discharged. Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction (including Section 
871(m)), and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471 (b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code.  
As used herein, "Assessed Value Payment Amount" means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Deliverable Asset constituting part or all 
of the Entitlement in respect of the relevant Certificate, less any Expenses. 
23. 
Pay-out provisions 
If the Underlying Reference Currency is different from the Settlement Currency, Cash Settled 
Securities may be either "Quanto Securities" (i.e. Quanto Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) or "Non Quanto Securities" (i.e. Quanto Option is specified as not applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms). In case of Quanto Securities, the Underlying Reference Currency will be 
expressed in the Settlement Currency and, therefore, the effects of the Exchange Rate on the amount 
paid in relation to the Securities are neutralised. Otherwise, In case of Non Quanto Securities, the 
following amounts (Remuneration Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Corridor Early Amounts, 
Early Partial Capital Payment, Cash Settlement Amounts) and the relevant events will be determined by 
exchanging the Underlying Reference Currency into the Settlement Currency at the applicable 
Exchange Rate.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
REMUNERATION AMOUNTS 
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more of the amounts specified below, in the 
relevant payment date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each of these Remuneration 
Amounts, in relation to each relevant valuation period, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
may become due only after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or may cease to be due after the 
occurrence of a Knock-out Event occurs. In particular, the Certificates may provide for a: 
a) Knock-out Feature: if a Knock-out Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, the relevant Remuneration Amount potentially payable will cease to be due and 
payable to the Securityholders after the occurrence of a Knock-out Event. In particular, after 
the occurrence of a Knock-out Event, the Securityholders will not benefit from the payment of 
any Remuneration Amount on either the payment date in relation to which the Knock-out 
Event has occurred and/or the payment date(s) following the Knock-out Valuation Period in 
which the Knock-out Event has occurred, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Securityholders will be notified in the event of a Knock-out Event by means of a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com; or/and 
b) Knock-in Feature: if a Knock-in Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
the relevant Remuneration Amount becomes payable to the Securityholders after the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event. In particular, after the occurrence of a Knock-in Event, the 
Securityholders will benefit from the payment of the relevant Remuneration Amount on either 
the payment date in relation to which the Knock-in Event has occurred and/or the payment 
date(s) following the Knock-in Valuation Period in which the Knock-in Event has occurred, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Securityholders will be notified in the event of a Knock-in Event by means of a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
The Certificates, as specified below and as the case may be, may provide for one or more of the 
following Remuneration Amounts: 
A. 
DIGITAL AMOUNT(S) 
The Certificates may provide10 for the payment of one or more Digital Amounts, depending on 
the occurrence of the relevant Digital Event. 
If the Digital Event occurs, the Securityholders will receive one or more Digital Amounts as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Digital Amount is an amount predetermined by the Issuer in relation to each Digital 
Valuation Period. For the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to the same Digital Valuation 
Period, the applicable Final Terms may provide for two or more Digital Amounts (also linked 
to different Underlyings) payable upon occurrence of the relevant Digital Event. 
If the "Multiple Level Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, several 
Digital Levels will be provided in relation to the same Digital Valuation Period. In this case, 
the relevant Final Terms will specify the Digital Amount 1 and the Digital Amount 2, and so 
 
10 In relation to the Digital Certificates, the payment of one or more Digital Amounts, depending on the occurrence of the Digital 
Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will always be provided.

--- Page 240 ---
240
on, which will be respectively linked to the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 and so on. In 
this case, the holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive the Digital Amount relating to 
the higher Digital Level reached by the Reference Value. 
If the "Cliquet Feature" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in this case the 
Calculation Agent will change the Digital Level in the relevant Digital Valuation Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either automatically or upon occurrence of the 
condition(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, by indicating:  
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread 
or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), for the 
determination of the applicable Digital Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference 
Value(s) or Spread or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates) for the determination of the applicable Digital Level. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each different Digital Level the 
Issuer will also specify the related applicable Digital Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide for the application of the Coupon Event, the Digital 
Amount(s) payable during the life of the Certificates will be determined on the basis of the 
Coupon Premium 1 or the Coupon Premium 2, depending on whether the Coupon Event has 
occurred or not. 
Securityholders will be notified of the Digital Event through a notice published on the website 
of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
Specific features in relation to the Digital Amount 
In addition to the other features that may be specified as applicable in relation to all the 
Remuneration Amounts, in relation to the Digital Amount, the following features may 
specifically apply, jointly or separately, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Consolidation Effect 
The Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for an automatic 
activation option of the following Digital Amounts eventually payable during the life of the 
Certificates.  
In particular, if several Digital Valuation Periods have been provided and the Consolidation 
Effect occurs, the Digital Event will automatically occur without further determinations for all 
the Digital Valuation Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, 
Securityholders will receive all the relevant Digital Amounts. 
If the Consolidation Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
Memory Effect 
The Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may provide, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, for an automatic activation option of the Digital Amounts that were 
not due because of the non-occurrence of the relevant Digital Events or the non-occurrence of 
the Memory Effect in a previous Memory Valuation Period.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
In particular, if several Digital Valuation Periods have been provided and the Memory Effect 
occurs, the Securityholders will receive the Digital Amount(s) which is/are not due, except 
where such Digital Amounts were already due following the occurrence of the relevant Digital 
Event or following the occurrence of the Memory Effect in a previous Memory Valuation 
Period. 
If the Memory Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
Path Dependency Effect 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Path Dependency Effect may be applicable. In 
this case, the Digital Amount may increase in relation to each Digital Valuation Period. Such 
increase will depend upon the occurrence of a Digital Event in the previous Digital Valuation 
Period.  
In particular, the increase will be calculated as the product of (i) the amount indicated as the 
Path Dependency Amount in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the number of the Digital 
Events that have occurred from the first Digital Valuation Period (included) until the Digital 
Valuation Period on which such Digital Amount is calculated. 
B. 
ACCUMULATED AMOUNT(S) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates may provide for the Accumulated 
Amount(s). If such amount is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive, on the relevant Accumulated Payment Date, the 
relevant Accumulated Amount.  
Each Accumulated Amount, in relation to the relevant Accumulated Valuation Date, may be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
Accumulated Amount Type A: 
Accumulating Amount x n 
 
Where: 
"n" means total number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period. 
Therefore, the Accumulated Amount Type A will be equal to the product between (i) 
the Accumulating Amount provided in relation to such Accumulated Valuation Date 
and such Accumulating Valuation Period and (ii) the total number of Accumulating 
Events occurred during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
Accumulated Amount Type B: 
Accumulating Amount x (n / N) 
 
Where:

--- Page 242 ---
242
"n" means the total number of Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant 
Accumulating Valuation Period; and  
"N" means the total number of days (Business Days or Exchange Business Days or 
calendar days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the relevant Accumulating 
Valuation Period as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Therefore, the Accumulated Amount Type B will be equal the product between (i) the 
Accumulating Amount provided in relation to such Accumulated Valuation Date and 
such Accumulating Valuation Period and (ii) the ratio of (A) the total number of 
Accumulating Events occurred during the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period and 
(B) the total number of days (being Business Day or Exchange Business Day or 
calendar days) of the relevant Accumulating Valuation Period as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable 
Trigger. In such case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to 
Securityholders is lower than, equal to or higher than, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. 
In addition, if an Early Redemption Level is applicable under the relevant Final Terms, and if 
so specified in such Final Terms, the Accumulated Amount will be paid only upon occurrence 
of an Early Redemption Event. In such case, the Accumulated Amount will be paid on the 
Accumulated Payment Date coinciding with, or immediately after, the Early Payment Date in 
relation to which an Early Redemption Event has occurred. 
Securityholders will be notified of the number of Accumulating Events occurred during the 
relevant Accumulating Valuation Period through a notice published on the website of the 
Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
C. 
PLUS AMOUNT(S) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Certificates may provide the unconditional 
payment of one or more Plus Amount, allowing the Securityholders, during the life of the 
Certificates or at the Settlement Date, to receive an additional amount which is not linked to 
the performance of the Underlying. The Plus Amount will be paid on the relevant Plus 
Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
D. 
INTERNAL RETURN AMOUNT(S) 
The applicable Final Terms may specify the Internal Return Amount (IRA) as applicable. In 
this case, the Internal Return Amount, which can be IRA Compound or IRA Simple, as 
specified below, will be linked to the performance of the Underlying and calculated according 
to one of the following formulas: 
(i) 
IRA Compound: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 {0; [( √𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉
𝑛
) −1]}

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Period; 
and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Period. 
On the basis of such formula, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the 
performance of the Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual 
Valuation Period. Otherwise, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide an IRA Cap: 
IRA Compound: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛 {𝐼𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑡;  𝑀𝑎𝑥{0; [( √𝑅𝑉𝑡
𝐼𝑅𝑉
𝑛
) −1]}}  
Where: 
"IRA Capt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Period; 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Period; 
and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Period. 
In this case, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the 
Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Period, but it will 
be subject to a maximum amount represented by the IRA Cap multiplied by the Issue 
Price.  
(ii) 
IRA Simple: 
Issue Price x Max {0; [(RVt/IRV)-1]/n} 
Where: 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Period; 
and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Period. 
On the basis of such formula, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the 
performance of the Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual 
Valuation Period. Otherwise, 
if the relevant Final Terms provide an IRA Cap: 
Issue Price x Min {IRA CAPt ; Max [0; [(RVt / IRV)-1]/n]}

--- Page 244 ---
244
Where: 
"IRA Capt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Period; 
"RVt" means the Reference Value in relation to the relevant Annual Valuation Period; 
and 
"n" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant 
Annual Valuation Period. 
In this case, the Internal Return Amount is calculated on the performance of the 
Underlying which is annualized in relation to each Annual Valuation Period, but it will 
be subject to a maximum amount represented by the IRA Cap multiplied by the Issue 
Price.  
E. 
PARTICIPATION REMUNERATION AMOUNT(S) 
The Certificates may provide for the payment of one or more Participation Remuneration 
Amounts. The Participation Remuneration Amount will consist of an amount determined on 
the basis of the performance of the Underlying as specified in the formulas under points below 
(A) Long Participation Remuneration Amount, (B) Short Participation Remuneration Amount 
and (C) Spread Participation Remuneration Amount. 
The payment of a Participation Remuneration Amount may be unconditional or may depend, if 
so provided in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Participation 
Remuneration Event. If this is the case, the Securityholders will receive the Participation 
Remuneration Amount, if positive, related to the corresponding Participation Remuneration 
Event Valuation Period upon occurrence of a Participation Remuneration Event only. 
If the "Cliquet Feature" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of 
the occurrence of the Participation Remuneration Event, in this case the Calculation Agent will 
change the Participation Remuneration Level in the relevant Participation Remuneration Event 
Valuation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, either automatically or upon 
occurrence of the condition(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, by indicating:  
(i) in relation to each Cliquet Valuation Period, the relevant Reference Value or Spread 
or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance Certificates), for the 
determination of the applicable Participation Remuneration Level; and/or 
(ii) different percentage(s) to be applied to the Initial Reference Value and/or Reference 
Value(s) or Spread or Cumulated Performance (in the case of Multiperformance 
Certificates) for the determination of the applicable Participation Remuneration 
Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Participation Remuneration Amount is calculated according to one or more of the 
formulas described below, which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each 
Participation Remuneration Amount.  
(A) 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount: 
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form A: 
Issue Price x Max {Floor Percentaget; [(RVt – Strike Remuneration Percentagej x 
RVj)/ RVj] x Participation Factort}

--- Page 245 ---
245 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; ((RVt – Strike Remuneration 
Percentagej x RVj)/RVj) x Participation Factort]} 
or 
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form B: 
Issue Price x Max {Floor Percentaget; [Base Premium Percentaget x (1 + 
Participation Remuneration Amount Gearingt x (RVt – RVj) / RVj)]} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; Base Premium Percentaget x 
(1 + Participation Remuneration Amount Gearingt x (RVt – RVj) / RVj)]} 
or in relation to Interest Rate Securities only  
- 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form C: 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; (RVt x Participation Factort)] 
or 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; (RVt + Margin) x Participation Factort] 
or 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; (RVt - Margin) x Participation Factort] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; (RVt x Participation Factort)]} 
or 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; (RVt + Margin) x Participation 
Factort]} 
or 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; (RVt - Margin) x Participation 
Factort]} 
Where, in relation to each formula:  
"RVt" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "t" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"RVj" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "j" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t";

--- Page 246 ---
246
"Strike Remuneration Percentagej" means the value expressed as a percentage, which 
may also be equal to zero, specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Participation Valuation Date; 
"Floor Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t". The Floor 
Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent; 
"Base Premium Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t"; 
"Participation Remuneration Amount Gearingt" means the value specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t"; 
"CAPt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t"; 
"Margin" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Participation Remuneration 
Amount is Long Participation Remuneration Amount (and, in this case, whether it is 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form A or Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount Form B or Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form C (applicable only 
in relation to Interest Rate Securities)) or Short Participation Remuneration Amount.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, both the Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount and Short Participation Remuneration Amount may apply in relation to the 
same Participation Valuation Dates;  
and/or 
(B) 
Short Participation Remuneration Amount: 
- 
Short Participation Remuneration Amount Form A: 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; ((Strike Remuneration Percentagej x RVj - 
RVt)/RVj) x Participation Factort] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; ((Strike Remuneration 
Percentagej x RVj - RVt)/RVj) x Participation Factort]} 
or, in relation to Interest Rate Securities only: 
- 
Short Participation Remuneration Amount Form B: 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; (Strike Remuneration Percentagej x RVj – 
RVt) x Participation Factort] 
or

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; (Strike Remuneration Percentagej x RVj - 
(RVt - Margin)) x Participation Factort] 
or 
Issue Price x Max [Floor Percentaget; (Strike Remuneration Percentagej x RVj - 
(RVt + Margin)) x Participation Factort] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; (Strike Remuneration 
Percentagej x RVj – RVt) x Participation Factort]} 
or 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; (Strike Remuneration 
Percentagej x RVj – (RVt - Margin)) x Participation Factort]} 
or 
Issue Price x Min {CAPt; Max [Floor Percentaget; (Strike Remuneration 
Percentagej x RVj – (RVt + Margin)) x Participation Factort]} 
Where, in relation to each formula: 
"RVt" means Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "t" specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"RVj" means the Reference Value on the Participation Valuation Date(s) "j" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t"; 
"Strike Remuneration Percentagej" means the value expressed as a percentage, which 
may also be equal to zero, specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Participation Valuation Date; 
"Floor Percentaget" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t". The Floor 
Percentage will always be equal to or higher than 0 per cent; 
"Margin" means the value expressed as percentage, which may also be equal to zero, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to the relevant Participation Valuation 
Date; 
"CAPt" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to the Participation Valuation Date "t"; 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Participation Remuneration 
Amount is Long Participation Remuneration Amount (and, in this case, whether it is 
Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form A or Long Participation Remuneration

--- Page 248 ---
248
Amount Form B or Long Participation Remuneration Amount Form C (applicable only 
in relation to Interest Rate Securities)) or Short Participation Remuneration Amount.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, both the Long Participation Remuneration 
Amount and Short Participation Remuneration Amount may apply in relation to the 
same Participation Valuation Dates;  
and/or 
 
(C) 
Spread Participation Remuneration Amount: 
If the Participation Remuneration Amount is specified as Spread Participation 
Remuneration Amount, for the purposes of determining the Spread Participation 
Remuneration Amount, reference will be made to the Spread (as defined in Condition 3 
(Definitions)). The Spread Participation Remuneration Amount will be calculated 
according to one of the following formulas: 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread)] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a Margin: 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread + Margin)] 
or 
Issue Price x [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread - Margin)] 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread)]} 
or, if the relevant Final Terms provide for the application of a CAP and a Margin: 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread + Margin)]} 
or 
Issue Price x Min {CAP; [Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread - Margin)]} 
Specific features in relation to the Participation Remuneration Amount 
Participation Rebate Feature 
If the Participation Rebate Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the 
Participation Remuneration Amount potentially payable depends on the occurrence of the 
relevant Participation Rebate Event. If a Participation Rebate Event has not occurred during the 
relevant Participation Rebate Valuation Period the Certificates will pay, on the relevant payment 
date, a Participation Remuneration Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Otherwise, if during such Participation Rebate Valuation Period, a Participation Rebate Event 
has occurred the Certificates will pay a Participation Rebate Amount, on the relevant payment 
date, specified in the relevant Final Terms. In particular, if the Participation Rebate Event has 
occurred, the Securityholders will receive, instead of the Participation Remuneration Amount, 
the specified Participation Rebate Amount on the relevant payment date following the

--- Page 249 ---
249 
Participation Rebate Valuation Period in which the Participation Rebate Event has occurred. 
Securityholders will be notified of the occurrence of a Participation Rebate Event by means of a 
notice published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
Net Profit Feature 
If the Net Profit Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Remuneration 
Sum will be deducted from the above amounts, provided that the resulting amount cannot be 
lower than zero. 
Tarn Feature 
If the Tarn Feature is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, and the Remuneration 
Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount, such event will be considered as an Early Redemption Event 
and, therefore, the Certificates are deemed to be early redeemed and the Securityholders are 
entitled to receive the payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early 
Payment Date. 
Consolidation Effect 
If the payment of the Participation Remuneration Amount depends upon the occurrence of a 
Participation Remuneration Event, the Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
may provide for an automatic activation option of the following Participation Remuneration 
Amounts eventually payable during the life of the Certificates.  
In particular, if several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods have been provided 
and the Consolidation Effect occurs, the Participation Remuneration Event will automatically 
occur without further determinations for all the Participation Remuneration Event Valuation 
Periods following such Consolidation Valuation Period and, therefore, the Securityholders will 
receive all the relevant Participation Remuneration Amounts, if positive. 
If the Consolidation Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
Memory Effect 
If the payment of the Participation Remuneration Amount depends upon the occurrence of a 
Participation Remuneration Event, the Certificates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
may provide for an automatic activation option of the Participation Remuneration Amounts that 
were not due because of the non-occurrence of the relevant Participation Remuneration Events or 
the non-occurrence of the Memory Effect in a previous Memory Valuation Period. 
In particular, if several Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Periods have been provided 
and the Memory Effect occurs, the Securityholders will receive the Participation Remuneration 
Amount(s) which is/are not due, except where such Participation Remuneration Amounts were 
already due following the occurrence of the relevant Participation Remuneration Event or 
following the occurrence of the Memory Effect in a previous Memory Valuation Period. 
If the Memory Effect has occurred, the Securityholders will be notified through a notice 
published on the website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
F. 
PREMIUM GAP AMOUNT(S)

--- Page 250 ---
250
Gap Certificates, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide for the 
payment of a Premium Gap Amount that will depend on the Premium Determination Method 
specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms and on whether a Barrier Gap Event has 
occurred. 
A Barrier Gap Event will occur if, during the Barrier Gap Observation Period, the Gap Daily 
Performance of the relevant Underlying is lower or equal to or higher than the Barrier Gap 
Level. 
In relation to the Premium Gap Amounts, if the Barrier Gap Event has occurred: 
(i) 
the Premium Gap Amount will be determined on the basis of the actual number of 
days within the relevant Premium Gap Observation Period and not on the basis of all 
the days of the relevant Premium Determination Period; and 
(ii) 
after the payment of the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the first Premium 
Payment Date following the Barrier Gap Event Date on which a Barrier Gap Event 
has occurred, no further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the Securityholders. 
Determination Methods 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the Premium Determination Method that 
applies in relation to each Premium Determination Period. In any case, the Premium Gap 
Amount will not result in an amount lower than zero.  
The Premium Gap Amount will be determined, depending on the applicable Determination 
Method, according to one of the following formulas: 
(i) 
Floating Premium: 
Issue Price x (Premium Percentage x Reference Rate + Premium Margin) x Day 
Count Fraction 
or  
Issue Price x (Premium Percentage x Reference Rate - Premium Margin) x Day 
Count Fraction 
(ii) 
Fixed Premium: 
Issue Price x Premium Percentage x Day Count Fraction 
(iii) 
Difference in Rates: 
Issue Price x [Premium Percentage x (Reference Rate 1 - Reference Rate 2) + 
Premium Margin] x Day Count Fraction 
or 
Issue Price x [Premium Percentage x (Reference Rate 1 - Reference Rate 2) - 
Premium Margin] x Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction will depend on the number of days in the relevant Premium Gap 
Observation Period that will be composed by:

--- Page 251 ---
251 
a) 
If a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the same number of days comprised in 
the relevant Premium Determination Period; 
b) 
If a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the number of days from the initial day of 
the relevant Premium Determination Period to the day on which the Barrier Gap 
Event has occurred, i.e. the Barrier Gap Event Date. 
Difference in Rates 
Where Difference in Rates is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Premium Gap Amount is to be determined, the rate of interest for each 
Premium Determination Period will, subject as provided below, be the Difference in 
Rates multiplied by the relevant Premium Percentage, if any, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and provided that the rate of interest may not be less than zero. 
Difference in Rates means an amount equal to Rate 2 minus Rate 1, provided that if 
such amount is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero.  
Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms, and each shall be determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination of the rate of interest and calculation of Premium Gap Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Premium, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the rate of interest is to be determined, determine the rate of interest for the 
relevant Premium Determination Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest in relation to the Floating Premium 
for the relevant Premium Determination Period by applying the Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to: 
(A)  
in the case Securities with Floating Premium which are represented by a Global 
Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by 
such Global Security; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Notifications of rate of interest and Premium Gap Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the rate of interest and each Premium Gap Amount for each 
Premium Determination Period and the relevant Premium Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Securities are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Premium 
Gap Amount and Premium Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Premium Determination Period. Any such

--- Page 252 ---
252
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Securities 
are for the time being listed and to the holders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
Certifications to be final 
All certifications, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 23 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Security Agent (or 
any other paying agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and all Securityholder and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Securityholder shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
G. 
FLOATING AMOUNT(S) 
Interest Rate Warrants provide for the payment of one or more Floating Amounts that will 
depend on the difference between the Reference Rate and the Interest Cap, and on the Notional 
Amount specified for each Floating Amount Determination Period, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and according to the following formula: 
[Max (0; Reference Rate – Interest Cap) x Notional Amountt ] x Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
"Notional Amountt" means the Notional Amount relating to each Floating Amount 
Determination Period (t=1,2,3,…n). The Notional Amount may also be equal in relation to each 
Floating Amount Determination Period, and in such case it will be referred to as Notional 
Amount.  
The Floating Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Floating 
Amount Determination Date and will be paid, if positive, on the relevant Floating Amount 
Payment Date, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
H. 
CUMULATED BONUS AMOUNT  
In relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, Securityholders may be entitled to receive, on each 
Bonus Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Cumulated Bonus 
Amount. Each Cumulated Bonus Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Cumulated Bonus Amount = Issue Price x (Bonust  - Bonust - 1)  
Where: 
"t" means each Bonus Observation Date; 
"Bonust" means, in relation to each Bonus Observation Date, the value calculated as follows, 
considering that at t =1, the Bonust-1 is equal to zero: 
𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑥  ∑𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑖 𝑥 𝐵𝑜𝑛𝑢𝑠 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑𝑖
360
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Where:  
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" means the number of Multiple Participation Factor; 
"Multiple Participation Factori" means each percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to each Multiple Strike Eventi; 
"Bonus Periodi" means, in relation to each Bonus Observation Date and Multiple 
Participation Factori, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the Determination 
Date to (and including) the earlier of the relevant Bonus Observation Date and the 
Exchange Business Day (if any) on which a Multiple Strike Eventi occurs. 
**** 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT(S) 
The Securities, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide the possibility of 
an automatic early redemption if an Early Redemption Event has occurred. In particular, if an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred the Securities will be automatically exercised and the Securityholder:  
(i) 
in case of Certificates other than Turbo Certificates, will receive the payment of the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of Turbo Certificates, will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
will be always equal to 0 (zero); 
(iii) 
in case of Warrants (only applicable to Warrants to be admitted to listing and/or trading without 
prior offer), will not receive any amount and the Early Redemption Amount will be always 
equal to 0 (zero).  
In relation to Certificates (other than Turbo Certificates), the Early Redemption Amount may be a 
predetermined amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or may be an amount determined on the 
basis of the performance of the Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Period or in the valuation date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
paid, if positive, on the Early Payment Date, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Amount is calculated according to one or more of the formulas described below, 
which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for each Early Redemption Valuation Period.  
(i) 
Long Early Redemption Amount:  
{[Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Reference Value – Initial Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Long Cap Early Redemption Amount:

--- Page 254 ---
254
{Min [Early Cap Level; (Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Reference 
Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Level" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms, expressed as either 
(i) the product between the Early Cap Percentage and the Initial Reference Value, or (ii) a 
value predetermined by the Issuer, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Percentage" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Short Early Redemption Amount: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Initial Reference Value - Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Short Cap Early Redemption Amount: 
{Min [Early Cap Amount; (Initial Reference Value + Early Participation Factort x (Initial 
Reference Value - Reference Value)) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"Early Participation Factort" means the value expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms at time "t" specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Cap Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In case of more than one Underlying or in case of a Basket, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
whether, for the purpose of the determination of the relevant Early Redemption Event, at least one, any 
or all the Underlyings or Basket Constituents will be considered. In this case, the Early Redemption 
Level will be specified for each Underlying or Basket Constituent. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for one or more Accumulating Autocallable Trigger. In such 
case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if, on the Accumulated Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Accumulated Amount payable to the Securityholders is lower than, equal to 
or higher than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Accumulating Autocallable 
Trigger.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for the Tarn Amount. In such case, an Early Redemption 
Event occurs if, on a Participation Performance Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Remuneration Sum exceeds the Tarn Amount.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide for the application of the Coupon Event. In such case, the 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable at the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event will be

--- Page 255 ---
255 
determined on the basis of the Coupon Premium 1 or the Coupon Premium 2, depending on the 
occurrence of the Coupon Event. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for an Early Partial Capital Payment. In such case, the Early 
Redemption Amount to be paid at Early Payment Date, if Early Redemption Event has occurred, will 
be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the Early Partial Capital Payment Date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Worst Of Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the Magnet Feature. In 
such case, an Early Redemption Event occurs if the Magnet Worst Of Performance is equal to, higher 
than or lower than the relevant Magnet Performance.   
If the Worst Of Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms may provide for the Click-on Effect. In 
such case, after the occurrence of the Click-on Effect in relation to one or more Underlyings, the 
Underlying(s) that will be considered for the purpose of the determination of the Worst of Underlying, 
will be only the one(s) for which the Click-on Effect has not been occurred in all the Click-on 
Valuation Periods. If during the life of the Certificates, the Click-on Effect has occurred for all the 
Underlyings (i.e. all the Underlyings have been, at the least once, higher than the relevant Click-on 
Level), the Certificates will be early redeemed. 
*** 
CORRIDOR EARLY AMOUNT 
In relation to Corridor Warrants only, if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Corridor Warrants will be 
automatically early redeemed and the Securityholder will either (i) not receive any amount (i.e. the 
Securityholders will be exposed to the total loss of the capital invested) or (ii) receive the payment of 
the Corridor Early Amount on the relevant Corridor Early Payment Date, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Securityholders will be notified in the event of the early redemption of the Corridor Warrants (and, if 
this is the case, the payment of the Corridor Early Amount) by means of a notice published on the 
website of the Issuer www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
*** 
EARLY PARTIAL CAPITAL PAYMENT  
The Certificates, if so specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms, may provide an automatic 
early repayment of part of the invested capital, regardless of the performance of the Underlying. In 
particular, the Securityholder will receive the Early Partial Capital Payment Amount on the Early 
Partial Capital Payment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In this case, after the Early Partial Capital Payment Date, the Cash Settlement Amount to be determined 
pursuant to the relevant Final Terms will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount.  
If applicable, also the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms will be 
adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount. 
****

--- Page 256 ---
256
SETTLEMENT AMOUNT 
The Securityholder will receive on the Settlement Date for each Minimum Exercise Amount the 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount, if it results in an amount higher than zero. 
In relation to Certificates providing an Early Partial Capital Payment, the Cash Settlement Amount to 
be paid (if positive) at Settlement Date will be adjusted relative to the Outstanding Amount after the 
Early Partial Capital Payment Date. Accordingly, the Multiplier will be calculated on the basis of a 
percentage of the Issue Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in order to reflect the 
Outstanding Amount.  
In any case, the Cash Settlement Amount will not result in an amount lower than zero.  
In relation to the Settlement Amount, the following scenarios may occur in relation to the structure and 
the pay-out provided by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms according to the following formulas 
(provided that, if more than one formula is applicable in relation to the same Typology of Certificates, 
the relevant Final Terms will indicate the applicable one for the relevant issue): 
CALCULATION 
METHOD 
IN 
THE 
CASE 
OF 
POSITIVE 
AND 
NEGATIVE 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING – (BARRIER EVENT/BARRIER GAP EVENT 
NOT OCCURRED, IF APPLICABLE) 
A. 
STANDARD LONG CERTIFICATES / STANDARD SHORT CERTIFICATES 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
Or 
(Issue Price x Initial Percentage) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Issue Price and (ii) the Initial 
Percentage. 
B. 
MAX CERTIFICATES 
MAX LONG CERTIFICATES and MAX CONSOLIDATION LONG CERTIFICATES if 
the Consolidation Floor Event has not occurred 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation 
Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and 
the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level:

--- Page 257 ---
257 
{Min [Cap Level; Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value 
+ Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))]] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and 
the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. However, 
such Cash Settlement Amount will not exceed the Cap Level multiplied by the Multiplier. 
If the Restrike Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether the 
Cap Style 1 or the Cap Style 2 will be applicable. In particular, in case of Cap Style 1, if a 
Restrike Event has occurred, the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike 
Percentage. In case of Cap Style 2 the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the 
purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount. 
MAX CONSOLIDATION LONG CERTIFICATES if the Consolidation Floor Event has 
occurred 
[Max (Consolidation Floor Level; Final Reference Value) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Consolidation Floor Level and (2) the Final Reference Value.  
or 
(Consolidation Floor Level x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Consolidation Floor Level and 
(B) the Multiplier.  
or  
{Max [Consolidation Floor Level; (Initial Reference Value + Consolidation Participation 
Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Consolidation Floor Level and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value 
and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Consolidation Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Consolidation Amount: 
Min {Cap Consolidation Amount; [Max (Consolidation Floor Level; Final Reference Value) x 
Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Consolidation 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the higher between (i) the

--- Page 258 ---
258
Consolidation Floor Level and (ii) the Final Reference Value. 
or  
Min {Cap Consolidation Amount; Max [Consolidation Floor Level; (Initial Reference Value + 
Consolidation Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x 
Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Consolidation 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the higher between (i) the 
Consolidation Floor Level and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value and the difference 
between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied 
by the Consolidation Participation Factor. 
MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; (Initial Reference Value + Participation 
Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and 
the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Max [Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value; Min (Cap Level; (Initial Reference Value 
+ Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)))] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the lower 
between the Cap Level and the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference 
between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied 
by the Participation Factor. 
If the Restrike Feature is applicable, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether the 
Cap Style 1 or the Cap Style 2 will be applicable. In particular, in case of Cap Style 1, if a 
Restrike Event has occurred, the Cap Level will be determined in accordance with the Restrike 
Percentage. In case of Cap Style 2 the Cap Level will not be taken into consideration for the 
purposes of the Cash Settlement Amount. 
C. 
SPREAD CERTIFICATES 
TYPE A SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value 
of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier B. 
TYPE B SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread + 
Margin)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average between (1) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and 
(iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and 
(B) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) the Spread 
(plus the Margin). 
or 
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Max (0; Spread – Margin)]} 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average between (1) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and 
(iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and 
(B) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) the Spread 
(minus the Margin). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a CAP: 
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Min (CAP; Max (0; Spread 
+ Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average between (1) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and 
(iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and 
(B) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the lower between (1) the CAP and (2) the 
higher between (i) 0 and (ii) the Spread (plus the Margin). 
or 
{[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial Percentage x Initial 
Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2 x [1 + Participation Factor x Min (CAP; Max (0; Spread 
- Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the average between (1) the

--- Page 260 ---
260
product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and 
(iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and 
(B) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the lower between (1) the CAP and (2) the 
higher between (i) 0 and (ii) the Spread (minus the Margin). 
TYPE C SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
a. 
If the Spread (+ Margin or - Margin) is higher than or equal to 0:  
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread + Margin))] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price 
and (2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by 
the Spread (plus the Margin). 
or 
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread - Margin))] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price 
and (2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by 
the Spread (minus the Margin). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread + 
Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the higher between (i) 0 
and (ii) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (plus the Margin).  
or 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Participation Factor x (Spread - 
Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the higher between (i) 0 
and (ii) 1 plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (minus the Margin). 
b. 
If the Spread (+ Margin or - Margin) is lower than 0:  
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x (Spread + Margin))] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price 
and (2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Down Participation Factor 
multiplied by the Spread (plus the Margin).

--- Page 261 ---
261 
or 
Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x (Spread - Margin))] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (1) the Issue Price 
and (2) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Down Participation Factor 
multiplied by the Spread (minus the Margin). 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Protection Amount: 
Max {Protection Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x 
(Spread + Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Protection Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the higher 
between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread 
(plus the Margin). 
or 
Max {Protection Amount; Issue Price x Max [0; (1 + Down Participation Factor x 
(Spread - Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Protection Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the higher 
between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 plus the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread 
(minus the Margin). 
TYPE D SPREAD CERTIFICATES  
Max [0; (Spread + Margin) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the 
Spread (plus the Margin) and (ii) the Multiplier. 
or 
Max [0; (Spread - Margin) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the 
Spread (minus the Margin) and (ii) the Multiplier. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [0; (Spread + Margin) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the Spread (plus the Margin) and (ii) the 
Multiplier. 
or

--- Page 262 ---
262
Min {Cap Amount; Max [0; (Spread - Margin) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the Spread (minus the Margin) and (ii) the 
Multiplier. 
D. 
TWIN WIN CERTIFICATES 
TWIN WIN LONG CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage:  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final 
Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)] x Multiplier x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage 
and (2) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such difference multiplied by the 
Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
Min {Cap Level; [Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor 
x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)]} x 
Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the lower between (1) the Cap Level and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike 
Percentage, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied 
by the Strike Percentage (and the Barrier Event, if applicable, has not 
occurred):  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial 
Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage 
and (2) the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike 
Percentage and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down 
Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Down Amount:

--- Page 263 ---
263 
Min {[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x 
(Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier; 
Cap Down Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Down Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the 
Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference 
between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the Final 
Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor. 
TWIN WIN SHORT CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage: 
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor x (Final 
Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)] x Multiplier x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage 
and (2) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference 
Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such difference multiplied by the 
Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
Min {Cap Level; [Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Participation Factor 
x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage)]} x 
Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the lower between (1) the Cap Level and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike 
Percentage, such difference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value multiplied 
by the Strike Percentage:  
[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x (Initial 
Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage 
and (2) the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike 
Percentage and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down 
Participation Factor.

--- Page 264 ---
264
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Down Amount: 
Min {[Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage + Down Participation Factor x 
(Initial Reference Value x Strike Percentage – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier; 
Cap Down Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap 
Down Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the 
Initial Reference Value multiplied by Strike Percentage and (ii) the difference 
between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the Final 
Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor. 
E. 
BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
LONG BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE1/ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE2 
AND VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final 
Reference Value and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, Securityholders will be exposed to 
the performance of the Underlying. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide an Annual Margin: 
(Final Reference Value + Annual Margin x Initial Reference Value) x Multiplier x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the sum between 
(1) the Final Reference Value and (2) the product of the Annual Margin multiplied by 
the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, Securityholders will be 
exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
(ii) 
WITH ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE1 OR ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE2: 
Final Reference Value x Annual Management Fee1 x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final 
Reference Value, (ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Annual Management Fee1. 
Therefore, Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
or 
(Final Reference Value – Annual Management Fee2 x Initial Reference Value) x 
Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the difference

--- Page 265 ---
265 
between (1) the Final Reference Value and (2) the product of the Annual Management 
Fee2 multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, 
Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide an Annual Margin: 
(Final Reference Value – Annual Management Fee2 x Initial Reference Value + 
Annual Margin x Initial Reference Value) x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the difference 
between (1) the Final Reference Value and (2) the sum between (A) the Annual 
Management Fee2 multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (B) the Annual 
Margin multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, 
Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
(iii) 
WITH VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final 
Reference Value, (ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. 
Therefore, Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying.  
SHORT BENCHMARK CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE1 AND VARIABLE MANAGEMENT 
FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value 
and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the exposure of Securityholders will be inversely 
proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
(ii) WITH ANNUAL MANAGEMENT FEE1: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Annual Management 
Fee1] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, 
(ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Annual Management Fee1. Therefore, the exposure of 
Securityholders will be inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
(iii) WITH VARIABLE MANAGEMENT FEE: 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Variable Management

--- Page 266 ---
266
Fee] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, 
(ii) the Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, the exposure of 
the Securityholders will be inversely proportioned to the performance of the 
Underlying. 
F. 
TURBO CERTIFICATES 
LONG TURBO CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Strike Price)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Strike Price 
and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the Securityholders will be exposed to the 
performance of the Underlying.  
SHORT TURBO CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the 
product of (i) the difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value 
and (ii) the Multiplier. Therefore, the exposure of the Securityholders will be 
inversely proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
G. 
OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
LONG OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by 
the Up Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{{Min [(Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value 
– Initial Reference Value)); Cap Level]} x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier

--- Page 267 ---
267 
and (B) the lower between (1) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the 
difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Up Participation Factor and (2) the Cap Level. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by 
the Down Participation Factor. 
SHORT OUTPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – 
Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the 
Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by 
the Down Participation Factor. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{{Min [(Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)); Cap Level]} x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the lower between (1) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the 
difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, such 
difference multiplied by the Down Participation Factor and (2) the Cap Level. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
{Max [0; [Initial Reference Value + Up Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)]] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) 
the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and 
(ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value, 
such difference multiplied by the Up Participation Factor. 
H. 
BUFFER PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
In relation to such type, the formula for the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount will 
depend on whether a Buffer Event has occurred. In particular:

--- Page 268 ---
268
a. 
If the Buffer Event has not occurred: 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Buffer Event has occurred: 
Max {Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 + (Performance Sum – 
Buffer Percentage)]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied 
by the sum of (1) 1 and (2) the difference between (i) the Performance Sum and (ii) 
the Buffer Percentage. 
I. 
GLOBAL PERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x (1 + Global Performance)] 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the 
Global Performance. 
or 
Max Protection Percentage x Issue Price; [Issue Price x (Initial Percentage + Global 
Performance)] 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) the Initial 
Percentage and (ii) the Global Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x (1 + Global 
Performance)]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
higher between (1) the Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the product 
of (i) the Issue Price and (ii) 1 plus the Global Performance. 
J. 
DROPDOWN PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
LONG DROPDOWN PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference

--- Page 269 ---
269 
Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the difference between the 
Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value, such difference multiplied by 
the Participation Factor. 
or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
Max {Dropdown Protection Level; Min [Initial Reference Value; Initial Reference 
Value + Final Leverage x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value)]} x 
Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of the Multiplier and 
the higher between (A) the Dropdown Protection Level and (B) the lower between (1) 
the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) 
the Final Leverage multiplied by the difference between the Final Reference Value 
and the Initial Reference Value. 
SHORT DROPDOWN PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the product of (i) the 
Participation Factor and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and 
the Final Reference Value. 
or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier.

--- Page 270 ---
270
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value: 
Max {Dropdown Protection Amount; Min [Initial Reference Value; Initial Reference 
Value + Final Leverage x (Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)] x 
Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the 
Dropdown Protection Amount and (B) the product of the Multiplier and the lower 
between (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial Reference 
Value and (ii) the Final Leverage multiplied by the difference between the Initial 
Reference Value and the Final Reference Value. 
K. 
DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
LONG DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than the Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Participation Factor 
multiplied by the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value. 
or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Initial Reference Value but equal 
to or higher than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
{Initial Reference Value + [(Initial Gearing – Final Gearing) x (Final Reference 
Value – Initial Reference Value)]} x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the product of (i) the 
difference between the Initial Gearing and the Final Gearing and (ii) the difference 
between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
c. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
[Protection Amount + (Step Up Amount x number of Gearing Events)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount

--- Page 271 ---
271 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the Protection 
Amount and (B) the Step Up Amount multiplied by the number of Gearing Events. 
SHORT DYNAMIC PROTECTION CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or lower than the Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Initial Reference Value + Participation Factor x (Initial Reference Value – Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Participation Factor 
multiplied by the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final 
Reference Value. 
or 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Initial Reference Value but equal 
to or lower than the Protection Level: 
{Initial Reference Value + [(Initial Gearing – Final Gearing) x (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)]} x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier 
and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the product of (i) the 
difference between the Initial Gearing and the Final Gearing and (ii) the difference 
between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value. 
c. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than the Dynamic Protection Level: 
[Protection Amount + (Step Up Amount x number of Gearing Events)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the Protection 
Amount and (B) the Step Up Amount multiplied by the number of Gearing Events. 
L. 
CURRENCY CERTIFICATES 
∑[𝑤𝑖 𝑥 (𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
)] 𝑥 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒]

--- Page 272 ---
272
Where: 
"N" means the number of Underlyings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the i-th exchange rate Underlying; and 
"wi" is the Exchange Rate Weight in respect of the i-th exchange rate Underlying. 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to a percentage of the Issue Price, which depends on the 
weighted sum of the performances of the Underlyings. The Issuer will indicate in the 
applicable Final Terms: (i) the relevant exchange rate Underlying and (ii) the Exchange Rates 
Weights.  
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Protection Percentage: 
∑[𝑤𝑖 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [ 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑖; (𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
)]] 𝑥 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount that is at least equal to the Protection Percentage, multiplied 
by the Issue Price. 
M. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE CERTIFICATES 
MULTIPERFORMANCE LONG CERTIFICATES / MULTIPERFORMANCE SHORT 
CERTIFICATES 
Initial Percentage x Issue Price x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price. 
MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX LONG CERTIFICATES 
Max {Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 + (Up Participation Factor x 
Cumulated Performance)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Initial Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the 
Up Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 + (Up 
Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance)]]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
higher between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the Issue Price 
multiplied by the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the Up Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated 
Performance.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Max {Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 - (Up Participation Factor x 
Cumulated Performance)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Initial Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the Issue Price multiplied by the difference between (i) 1 
and (ii) the Up Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max [Initial Percentage x Issue Price; Issue Price x [1 - (Up Participation 
Factor x Cumulated Performance)]]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
higher between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the Issue Price 
multiplied by the difference between (i) 1 and (ii) the Up Participation Factor multiplied by the 
Cumulated Performance. 
N. 
LONG DUAL CURRENCY FX CERTIFICATES / SHORT DUAL CURRENCY FX 
CERTIFICATES 
Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier. In relation to such Typology, the Underlying will be 
an Exchange Rate. 
O. 
GAP LONG CERTIFICATES / GAP SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Initial Percentage x Issue Price x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount in the Issue Currency equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied 
by the Issue Price. 
P. 
CALENDAR CERTIFICATES 
Max {Protection Amount; [Issue Price x ((Final Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) + 
Calendar Performance)]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) the Protection Amount and 
(B) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) the ratio between the Final Reference Value 
and the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Calendar Performance.  
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Max {Protection Amount; [Issue Price x ((Final Reference Value / Initial 
Reference Value) + Calendar Performance)]}}

--- Page 274 ---
274
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
higher between (1) the Protection Amount and (2) the Issue Price multiplied by the sum of (i) 
the ratio between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the 
Calendar Performance.  
Q. 
ONE STAR CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the One Star Event has not occurred 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with one 
of the payout formulas set out in this Condition 23, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
b. 
If the One Star Event has occurred 
(One Star Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to 
the product of (i) the One Star Percentage, (ii) the Initial Reference Value and (iii) the 
Multiplier. 
R. 
SWITCH CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Switch Event has not occurred 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with one 
of the payout formulas set out in this Condition 23, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
b. 
If the Switch Event has occurred 
In such case, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated in accordance with 
either:  
(i) 
one of the payout formulas set out in this Condition 23 for another Typology; or 
(ii) one of the formulas set out in this Condition 23 for the same Typology, but with 
different Settlement Characteristic; or 
(iii) one of the formulas set out in this Condition 23 for another or the same 
Typology, but with different values assigned to the relevant Settlement 
Characteristic(s); or 
(iv) the same formula that applies if the Switch Event has not occurred, but with 
different values assigned to the relevant Settlement Characteristic(s); 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
S. 
CALL CERTIFICATES11  
 
11 The Barrier Level will never be applicable in relation to Call Certificates.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
Issue Price x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value) 
/ Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Issue Price multiplied by the maximum between 
(1) 0% and (2) the difference between (i) the Final Reference Value and (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, such difference divided by Initial 
Reference Value. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Amount: 
Min {Cap Amount; Issue Price x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x 
Initial Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Cap Amount and (B) the 
Issue Price multiplied by the maximum between (1) 0% and (2) the difference between (i) the 
Final Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage, 
such difference divided by Initial Reference Value. 
T. 
DIGITAL CERTIFICATES12 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Settlement Level (i.e. 
a Settlement Event has occurred):  
Issue Price x Digital Percentage x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Digital Percentage multiplied by 
the Issue Price. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Settlement Level (i.e. a Settlement 
Event has occurred):  
0 
In such case, Securityholders will not receive any amount on the Settlement Date and, 
therefore, will be exposed to the total loss of the capital invested. 
U. 
DISCOUNT CERTIFICATES 
a. 
If the Final Reference Value is higher than, or equal to, the Cap Level: 
Cap Level x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Cap Level multiplied by the 
Multiplier. 
b. 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than the Cap Level: 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
 
12 The Barrier Level will never be applicable in relation to Digital Certificates.

--- Page 276 ---
276
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Final Reference Value 
multiplied by the Multiplier. 
V. 
COMBINED AMOUNT CERTIFICATES 
Combined Amount x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Combined Amount. 
W. 
LONG OUTPERFORMANCE COMBINED CERTIFICATES 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Final Reference Value multiplied by the 
Multiplier. Therefore, Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
X. 
REVERSE BUTTERFLY CERTIFICATES 
{Max [(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value); (Initial Reference Value + Participation 
Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))] x Multiplier} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (1) the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Initial 
Reference Value plus the Participation Factor multiplied by the difference between the Final 
Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide a Cap Level: 
{Min [Cap Level; Max [(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value); (Initial Reference Value 
+ Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value))]] x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the lower 
between (1) the Cap Level and (2) the higher between (i) the Initial Percentage multiplied by 
the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference Value plus the Participation Factor 
multiplied by the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference 
Value. 
Y. 
MULTIPLE STRIKE CERTIFICATES 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟 𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒+ ∑𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
"n" means the number of Multiple Participation Factor; 
"Multiple Amounti" means, in relation to Multiple Strike Certificates, the amount calculated

--- Page 277 ---
277 
as follows:  
(i) if a Multiple Strike Eventi has occurred, in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒  𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑖 𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
 
Where: 
"Reference Valuei" means the Value of the Underlying that has caused the occurrence of 
the Multiple Strike Eventi; 
(ii) if a Multiple Strike Eventi has not occurred, in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟𝑖 
Where: 
"Multiple Participation Factori" means each percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to each Multiple Strike Eventi. 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the product of (1) the Issue Price, (2) 
the Participation Factor and (3) the ratio between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value and (B) all the Multiple Amounti for the dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Z. 
CONSTANT LEVERAGE CERTIFICATES 
TYPE A LONG CONSTANT LEVERAGE CERTIFICATES 
Final Reference Value x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Final Reference Value, (ii) the 
Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, Securityholders will be exposed 
to the performance of the Underlying.  
TYPE A SHORT CONSTANT LEVERAGE CERTIFICATES 
Max [0; (Strike Price – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) the 
difference between the Strike Price and the Final Reference Value, (ii) the Multiplier and (iii) 
the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, the exposure of Securityholders will be inversely 
proportioned to the performance of the Underlying. 
TYPE B LONG CONSTANT LEVERAGE CERTIFICATES (Type B Long Constant 
Leverage Certificates may have as Underlying only Index or Share) 
PAVLt x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where:

--- Page 278 ---
278
"PAVL" means the Payout Value Long on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"t" means either the Valuation Date or, if the Call Option is exercised by the Issuer, the Call 
Valuation Period. 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Payout Value Long, (ii) the 
Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, Securityholders will be exposed 
to the performance of the Underlying.  
TYPE B SHORT CONSTANT LEVERAGE CERTIFICATES (Type B Short Constant 
Leverage Certificates may have as Underlying only Index or Share) 
PAVSt x Multiplier x Variable Management Fee x Minimum Exercise Amount 
Where: 
"PAVS" means the Payout Value Short on Exchange Business Day "t"; 
"t" means either the Valuation Date or, if the Call Option is exercised by the Issuer, the Call 
Valuation Period. 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the Payout Value Short, (ii) the 
Multiplier and (iii) the Variable Management Fee. Therefore, the Securityholders will be 
exposed to the performance of the Underlying. 
AA. 
WARRANTS 
CALL WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial Reference 
Value) / Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by the higher between (1) 0% and (2) the ratio 
between (i) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the Strike Percentage and (ii) the Initial Reference Value. 
CALL COVERED WARRANTS 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Exercise Price)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the difference between the Final Reference Value and the Exercise Price.  
CALL SPREAD WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Min {CAP; Max [0%; (Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to Notional Amount multiplied by the lower between (A) the CAP and (B) the higher 
between (1) 0% and (2) ratio between (i) the difference between the Final Reference Value and

--- Page 279 ---
279 
the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and (ii) the Initial Reference 
Value. 
PUT WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Max [0%; (Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value - Final Reference 
Value) / Initial Reference Value] 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by the higher between (1) 0% and (2) the ratio 
between (i) the difference between the Initial Reference Value multiplied by the Strike 
Percentage and the Final Reference Value and (ii) the Initial Reference Value. 
PUT COVERED WARRANTS 
Max [0; (Exercise Price – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Multiplier and (B) the higher 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the Exercise Price less the Final Reference Value.  
PUT SPREAD WARRANTS 
Notional Amount x Min {CAP; Max [0%; (Strike Percentage x Initial Reference Value - Final 
Reference Value) / Initial Reference Value]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement Amount 
equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by the higher between (A) the CAP and (B) the 
higher between (1) 0% and (2) the ratio between (i) the difference between the Initial 
Reference Value multiplied by the Strike Percentage and the Final Reference Value and (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value. 
INTEREST RATE WARRANTS 
[Max (0; Reference Rate - Interest Cap) x Final Notional Amount] x Day Count Fraction 
In such case, Securityholders will receive a Cash Settlement Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Settlement Determination Date relating to the Settlement 
Determination Period and will be equal to the product between: (i) the difference of the 
Reference Rate less the Interest Cap, (ii) the Final Notional Amount and (iii) the applicable 
Day Count Fraction. 
CORRIDOR WARRANTS 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a 
Cash Settlement Amount predetermined by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
*** 
CALCULATION METHOD IF A BARRIER EVENT OR A BARRIER GAP EVENT 
(in the case of Gap Certificates) IS INDICATED AS APPLICABLE IN THE 
RELEVANT FINAL TERMS AND IS OCCURRED:

--- Page 280 ---
280
(1) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF STANDARD LONG CERTIFICATES, 
MAX LONG CERTIFICATES AND TWIN WIN LONG CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT PROTECTION LEVEL, PROTECTION PERCENTAGE, AIR BAG 
FACTOR, SIGMA AMOUNT, PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
(Final Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of the 
Final Reference Value and the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)] x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (i) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (ii) the product of the Final Reference Value and the 
Multiplier. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION LEVEL:  
a) 
[Max (Final Reference Value; Protection Level) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
Multiplier and (B) the higher between (i) the Final Reference Value and (ii) the 
Protection Level. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; Max (Final Reference Value; Protection Level) x 
Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (1) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (2) the product of (i) the Multiplier and (ii) the higher 
between the Final Reference Value and the Protection Level. 
or 
b) 
(Protection Level x Multiplier) x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of the 
Protection Level and the Multiplier. 
(iii) WITH THE AIR BAG FACTOR:  
[(Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Final Reference Value, (ii) the Air Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier] 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (1) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (2) the product of (i) the Final Reference Value, (ii) 
the Air Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
(iv) WITH THE AIR BAG FACTOR AND WITH THE PROTECTION 
PERCENTAGE: 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final Reference Value x Air Bag 
Factor) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) the Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the product of 
(i) the Final Reference Value, (ii) the Air Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final 
Reference Value x Air Bag Factor) x Multiplier]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (1) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (2) the higher between (A) the Protection Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the product of (i) the Final Reference Value, 
(ii) the Air Bag Factor and (iii) the Multiplier. 
(v) 
WITH THE SIGMA AMOUNT: 
[(Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount] x Minimum Exercise 
Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the sum of (A) the 
Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier and (B) the Sigma Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount] 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the sum of (1) the Final Reference Value 
multiplied by the Multiplier and (2) the Sigma Amount.

--- Page 282 ---
282
(vi) WITH THE SIGMA AMOUNT AND WITH THE PROTECTION 
PERCENTAGE: 
Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final Reference Value x Multiplier) + 
Sigma Amount] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) the Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price and (B) the sum of (1) 
the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier and (2) the Sigma Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max [Protection Percentage x Issue Price; (Final 
Reference Value x Multiplier) + Sigma Amount]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the higher between (1) the Protection Percentage 
multiplied by the Issue Price and (2) the sum of (i) the Final Reference Value 
multiplied by the Multiplier and (ii) the Sigma Amount. 
(vii) WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
[(Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) x Multiplier] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Initial Reference Value, (ii) the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (iii) the 
Multiplier. 
(viii) WITH THE DOWN PARTICIPATION FACTOR: 
{[Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Final Reference Value – 
Initial Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
Multiplier and (B) the sum of (1) the Initial Reference Value and (2) the Down 
Participation Factor multiplied by the difference between the Final Reference 
Value and the Initial Reference Value. 
(ix) WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND THE DOWN PARTICIPATION 
FACTOR: 
Max {0; Issue Price – [Down Participation Factor x Issue Price x [(Strike 
Percentage x Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value) / Final Reference 
Value]]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) 0 and (B) the difference between (1) the Issue Price and (2) the Down 
Participation Factor multiplied by the Issue Price and multiplied by the ratio of (i) 
the Strike Percentage multiplied by the Final Reference Value minus the Final

--- Page 283 ---
283 
Reference Value and (ii) the Final Reference Value. 
(x) 
WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND WITH THE GEARING FACTOR: 
Max {0; Initial Reference Value x {Initial Percentage - [(Strike Percentage – Final 
Reference Value / Initial Reference Value) x Gearing Factor]} x Multiplier} x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the maximum 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the Multiplier multiplied by the Initial Reference Value 
multiplied by the difference between (a) the Initial Percentage and (b) the 
difference between the Strike Percentage and Final Reference Value divided by the 
Initial Reference Value, multiplied by the Gearing Factor. 
(2) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF STANDARD SHORT CERTIFICATES, 
MAX SHORT CERTIFICATES AND TWIN WIN SHORT CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT 
SHORT 
PROTECTION 
AND 
PREDETERMINED 
LOSS 
PERCENTAGE: 
Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - Final Reference 
Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) 0 and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of (i) the Initial 
Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the 
Final Reference Value. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the higher between (1) 0 and (2) the product of (i) 
the Multiplier and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value and the difference 
between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference Value. 
(ii) WITH THE SHORT PROTECTION:  
Max {Short Protection; [Initial Reference Value + (Initial Reference Value - Final 
Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) the Short Protection and (B) the product of (1) the Multiplier and (2) the sum of 
(i) the Initial Reference Value and (ii) the difference between the Initial Reference 
Value and the Final Reference Value. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; Max {Short Protection; [Initial Reference Value +

--- Page 284 ---
284
(Initial Reference Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier}} x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the higher between (1) the Short Protection and 
(2) the product of (i) the Multiplier and (ii) the sum of the Initial Reference Value 
and the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the Final Reference 
Value. 
or 
Short Protection x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the Short Protection.  
(iii) WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE: 
[(Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss Percentage) x Multiplier] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Initial Reference Value, (ii) the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (iii) the 
Multiplier. 
(iv) WITH THE DOWN PARTICIPATION FACTOR: 
Max {0; [Initial Reference Value + Down Participation Factor x (Initial Reference 
Value – Final Reference Value)] x Multiplier} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) 0 and (B) the product of (i) the Multiplier and (ii) the sum of the Initial 
Reference Value and the difference between the Initial Reference Value and the 
Final Reference Value, such difference multiplied by the Down Participation 
Factor. 
(v) 
WITH THE STRIKE PERCENTAGE AND THE DOWN PARTICIPATION 
FACTOR: 
Max {0; Issue Price – [(Final Reference Value – Strike Percentage x Initial 
Reference Value) / Final Reference Value] x Down Participation Factor x Issue 
Price} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the maximum 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the difference between the (a) the Issue Price and (b) the 
product of (1) the difference between Final Reference Value and Strike Percentage 
multiplied by Initial Reference Value, divided by Final Reference Value, (2) the 
Down Participation Factor and (3) the Issue Price. 
(3) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF SPREAD CERTIFICATES

--- Page 285 ---
285 
(i) 
WITH THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Predetermined Loss 
Percentage} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, 
(ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, 
(ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying B and (B) the Predetermined Loss Percentage. 
(ii) WITH THE SPREAD PROTECTION 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x [1 + Max (Spread 
Protection; Spread + Margin)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, 
(ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, 
(ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying B and (B) the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the higher between the Spread 
Protection and the Spread (plus the Margin). 
or 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x [1 + Max (Spread 
Protection; Spread - Margin)]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, 
(ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, 
(ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying B and (B) the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the higher between the Spread 
Protection and the Spread (minus the Margin). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x 
MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x 
[1 + Max (Spread Protection; Spread + Margin)]}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the product of (1) the average between (x) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the Initial Reference

--- Page 286 ---
286
Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (y) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference 
Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (2) the 
sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the higher between the Spread Protection and the Spread (plus 
the Margin). 
or 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x 
MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x 
[1 + Max (Spread Protection; Spread - Margin)]}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) 
the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the product of (1) the average between (x) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the Initial Reference 
Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (y) the 
product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference 
Value of the Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (2) the 
sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the higher between the Spread Protection and the Spread 
(minus the Margin). 
(iii) WITHOUT THE PREDETERMINED LOSS PERCENTAGE OR THE SPREAD 
PROTECTION 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated pursuant to one of the following 
formulas and in accordance with the relevant Final Terms: 
a) 
Amount linked to the Spread 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Max [0; (1 + 
Participation Factor x (Spread + Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
(A) the average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the 
Underlying A, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) 
the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial 
Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the 
Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (B) the higher 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the sum of 1 and the Participation Factor multiplied by 
the Spread (plus the Margin). 
or 
{{[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA x MultiplierA) + (Initial 
PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] / 2} x Max [0; (1 + 
Participation Factor x (Spread - Margin))]} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
(A) the average between (1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the 
Underlying A, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) 
the Multiplier of the Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial

--- Page 287 ---
287 
Percentage of the Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the 
Underlying B and (iii) the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (B) the higher 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the sum of 1 and the Participation Factor multiplied by 
the Spread (minus the Margin). 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA 
x MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x 
MultiplierB)] / 2} x Max [0;(1 +Participation Factor x (Spread + 
Margin))]}} x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between the Cap Barrier Amount and the product of (A) the average between 
(1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the 
Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) 
the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 
the sum of 1 and the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (plus the 
Margin). 
or 
Min {Cap Barrier Amount; {[(Initial PercentageA x Initial Reference ValueA 
x MultiplierA) + (Initial PercentageB x Initial Reference ValueB x 
MultiplierB)] / 2} x Max [0;(1 +Participation Factor x (Spread - Margin))]}} 
x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between the Cap Barrier Amount and the product of (A) the average between 
(1) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the Underlying A, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value of the Underlying A and (iii) the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A and (2) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage of the 
Underlying B, (ii) the Initial Reference Value of the Underlying B and (iii) 
the Multiplier of the Underlying B and (B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 
the sum of 1 and the Participation Factor multiplied by the Spread (minus the 
Margin). 
or 
b) 
Amount linked to the performance of the Underlying A 
Final Reference ValueA x MultiplierA x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
the Final Reference Value of the Underlying A and the Multiplier of the 
Underlying A. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount:

--- Page 288 ---
288
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference ValueA x MultiplierA)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between (A) the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the product of the Final 
Reference Value of the Underlying A and the Multiplier of the Underlying 
A. 
or 
c) 
Amount linked to the performance of the Underlying B 
Final Reference ValueB  x MultiplierB x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of 
the Final Reference Value of the Underlying B and the Multiplier of the 
Underlying B. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide a Cap Barrier Amount: 
Min [Cap Barrier Amount; (Final Reference ValueB x MultiplierB)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower 
between (A) the Cap Barrier Amount and (B) the product of the Final 
Reference Value of the Underlying B and the Multiplier of the Underlying B. 
(4) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF MULTIPERFORMANCE LONG 
CERTIFICATES AND MULTIPERFORMANCE MAX LONG CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Issue Price x (1 + Down Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance) x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
Issue Price and (B) the sum of (i) 1 and the Down Participation Factor multiplied 
by the Cumulated Performance. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Max [Protection Amount; Issue Price x (1 + Down Participation Factor x 
Cumulated Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher of (A) the 
Protection Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) the sum of (i) 
1 and (ii) the Down Participation Factor multiplied by the Cumulated Performance. 
(5) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF MULTIPERFORMANCE SHORT 
CERTIFICATES 
AND 
MULTIPERFORMANCE 
MAX 
SHORT

--- Page 289 ---
289 
CERTIFICATES 
(i) 
WITHOUT THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Issue Price x Max [0; (1- Down Participation Factor x Cumulated Performance)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the 
Issue Price and (B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 1 minus the product of the 
Down Participation Factor and the Cumulated Performance. 
(ii) WITH THE PROTECTION AMOUNT: 
Max [Protection Amount; Issue Price x (1- Down Participation Factor x 
Cumulated Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between 
(A) the Protection Amount and (B) the product of (1) the Issue Price and (2) 1 
minus the product of the Down Participation Factor and the Cumulated 
Performance. 
(6) 
BARRIER GAP EVENT IN THE CASE OF GAP LONG CERTIFICATES 
Issue Price x Max [0; 100% + Barrier Gap Leverage x (Gap Daily Performance - 
Barrier Gap Level)] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Issue Price and 
(B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 100% plus the Barrier Gap Leverage multiplied by 
the difference between the (a) Gap Daily Performance and (b) the Barrier Gap Level. 
(7) 
BARRIER GAP EVENT IN THE CASE OF GAP SHORT CERTIFICATES 
Issue Price x Max [0; 100% + Barrier Gap Leverage x (Barrier Gap Level - Gap Daily 
Performance)] x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the product of (A) the Issue Price and 
(B) the higher between (i) 0 and (ii) 100% plus the Barrier Gap Leverage multiplied by 
the difference between (a) the Barrier Gap Level and (b) the Gap Daily Performance. 
(8) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF LONG DUAL CURRENCY FX 
CERTIFICATES AND SHORT DUAL CURRENCY FX CERTIFICATES 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount in the Settlement Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount, which may be the 
Issue Currency or the Dual Currency, depending on the Final Reference Value of the 
Underlying (which will be an exchange rate), and it will be calculated pursuant to one of 
the following formulas: 
a. 
If the Barrier Event depends on the Final Reference Value:

--- Page 290 ---
290
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Conversion Rate] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount in the Dual Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount equal 
to the product of (A) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the Initial 
Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier and (B) the Conversion Rate. 
b. 
If the Barrier Event depends on the Reference Value: 
(i) 
If the Final Reference Value is equal to or higher than (in case of Dual 
Currency FX Long Certificates) or is equal to or lower than (in case 
of Dual Currency FX Short Certificates) the Strike Level: 
(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Minimum 
Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount in the Issue Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount 
equal to the Initial Percentage multiplied by the Multiplier. 
(ii) 
If the Final Reference Value is lower than (in case of Dual Currency 
FX Long Certificates) or higher than (in case of Dual Currency FX 
Short Certificates) the Strike Level: 
[(Initial Percentage x Initial Reference Value x Multiplier) x Conversion 
Rate] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount in the Dual Currency per Minimum Exercise Amount 
equal to the product of (A) the product of (i) the Initial Percentage, (ii) the 
Initial Reference Value and (iii) the Multiplier and (B) the Conversion 
Rate. 
(9) 
BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF COMBINED AMOUNT CERTIFICATES 
Max {0; Issue Price x Participation Factor x Min [0; (Final Reference Value / Initial 
Reference Value – 1)] + Combined Amount} x Minimum Exercise Amount  
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 0 and (B) the 
sum of (a) the product of (1) the Issue Price, (2) the Participation Factor and (3) the lower 
between (i) 0 and (ii) the ratio between the Final Reference Value and the Initial 
Reference Value minus 1 and (b) the Combined Amount. 
(10) BARRIER 
EVENT 
IN 
THE 
CASE 
OF 
LONG 
OUTPERFORMANCE 
COMBINED CERTIFICATES 
a) 
Max [0; (Final Reference Value – Initial Reference Value x Predetermined Loss 
Percentage) x Multiplier] x Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 
0 and (B) the product of (1) the Final Reference Value less the Initial Reference

--- Page 291 ---
291 
Value multiplied by the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (2) the Multiplier. 
or 
b) 
Max [0; Predetermined Loss Amount + (Final Reference Value x Multiplier)] x 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash 
Settlement Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the higher between (A) 
0 and (B) the sum of (1) the Predetermined Loss Percentage and (2) the Final 
Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier. 
(11) BARRIER EVENT IN THE CASE OF REVERSE BUTTERFLY CERTIFICATES 
Min {Issue Price; [Max (Protection Percentage x Issue Price; Final Reference Value x 
Multiplier) + Max (0; Butterfly Level – Final Reference Value) x Multiplier]} 
In such case, Securityholders will receive, on the Settlement Date, a Cash Settlement 
Amount per Minimum Exercise Amount equal to the lower between (A) the Issue Price 
and (B) the higher between (1) the Protection Percentage multiplied by the Issue Price 
and (2) the Final Reference Value multiplied by the Multiplier plus an amount (which 
may not be lower than 0) that is equal to the Butterfly Level minus the Final Reference 
Value, multiplied by the Multiplier. 
**** 
In relation to the Remuneration Amounts, the Early Redemption Amount and the Cash 
Settlement Amount, the following options concerning the underlying assets may be applicable, 
as specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms: 
Series with two or more Underlyings 
Best Of Feature 
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the 
event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount 
and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such Settlement 
Amount; and/or (iv) the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and in relation to any or all the relevant valuation periods, 
the Calculation Agent selects the Best Of Underlying which is the Underlying with the first, 
second or third (and so on, depending on the number of the Underlyings and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) best Performance compared with the other Underlying(s). 
Worst Of Feature 
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the 
event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount 
and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such Settlement 
Amount; and/or (iv) the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and in relation to any or all the relevant valuation periods, 
the Calculation Agent selects the Worst Of Underlying which is the Underlying with the first,

--- Page 292 ---
292
second or third (and so on, on the basis of the number of the Underlyings and as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) worst Performance compared with the other Underlying(s). 
Darwin Feature  
For the determination of (i) the relevant Remuneration Amount and/or the occurrence of the 
event that triggers such Remuneration Amount; and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; and/or (iii) the Settlement Amount 
and/or the occurrence of any event(s) on which depends the calculation of such Settlement 
Amount; and/or (iv) the occurrence of the Barrier Event or any other event or effect, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent selects, in relation to each 
valuation period of each event and/or in relation to each amount to be paid, the Underlying 
value to be considered (i.e. Best of Underlying, Worst of Underlying, Basket Value or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
Cash Settlement Amount Combo Feature  
The Cash Settlement Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as (i) the arithmetic mean of the Cash Settlement Amounts due in 
relation to each single Underlying or (ii) the weighted average of the Cash Settlement 
Amounts due in relation to each single Underlying or (iii) the sum (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Cash Settlement Amounts due in relation to each single 
Underlying. In these cases, for each single Underlying the applicable Final Terms will specify 
the relevant payout formula among those set out in Condition 23 and all the relevant details for 
its determination (e.g. Barrier Level, Multiplier, Initial Reference Value, Final Reference 
Value, etc.). 
Digital Combo Feature 
For the calculation of the Digital Amount(s), the Calculation Agent will determine whether a 
Digital Event has occurred (and may also determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory 
Level, the Knock-out Level, the Knock-in Level) in relation to each Underlying. Therefore, the 
Digital Amount in relation to the Digital Valuation Period(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms will be equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the arithmetic mean of 
the Digital Amounts due in relation to each single Underlying for which the relevant Digital 
Event has occurred, or (ii) the weighted average of the Digital Amounts due in relation to each 
single Underlying for which the relevant Digital Event has occurred, or (iii) the sum of the 
Digital Amounts due in relation to each single Underlying for which the relevant Digital Event 
has occurred. In this case, for each Underlying the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
relevant Digital Level. 
Participation Combo Feature  
For the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amount(s) linked to more Underlyings, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Participation Remuneration Amount in relation to the 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as (i) the arithmetic mean of the Participation Remuneration Amounts due in relation to each 
single Underlying, or (ii) the weighted average of the Participation Remuneration Amounts 
due in relation to each single Underlying, or (iii) the sum of the Participation Remuneration 
Amounts due in relation to each single Underlying, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In this case, for each Underlying the applicable Final Terms may specify (if any) the relevant 
CAP, Floor Percentage, Participation Factor, Strike Remuneration Percentage, Base Premium

--- Page 293 ---
293 
Percentage and Participation Remuneration Amount Gearing. 
Series with a Basket as Underlying 
Cash Settlement Amount Combo Feature  
The Cash Settlement Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as (i) the arithmetic mean of the Cash Settlement Amounts due in 
relation to each single Basket Constituent or (ii) the weighted average of the Cash Settlement 
Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent or (iii) the sum (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Cash Settlement Amounts due in relation to each single Basket 
Constituent. In this case, for each single Basket Constituent the applicable Final Terms will 
specify the relevant payout formula among those set out in Condition 23 and all the relevant 
details for its determination (e.g. Barrier Level, Multiplier, Initial Reference Value, Final 
Reference Value, etc.). 
Digital Combo Feature 
For the calculation of the Digital Amount(s), the Calculation Agent will determine whether a 
Digital Event has occurred (and may also determine the Consolidation Level, the Memory 
Level, the Knock-out Level, the Knock-in Level) in relation to each Basket Constituent. 
Therefore, the Digital Amount in relation to the Digital Valuation Period(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will be equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the 
arithmetic mean of the Digital Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent for 
which the relevant Digital Event has occurred, or (ii) the weighted average of the Basket 
Constituent due in relation to each single Underlying for which the relevant Digital Event has 
occurred, or (iii) the sum of the Digital Amounts due in relation to each single Basket 
Constituent for which the relevant Digital Event has occurred. In this case, for each single 
Basket Constituent the applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Digital Level. 
Participation Combo Feature 
For the calculation of the Participation Remuneration Amount(s) linked to more Underlyings, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Participation Remuneration Amount in relation to the 
Participation Remuneration Event Valuation Period(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as (i) the arithmetic mean of the Participation Remuneration Amounts due in relation to each 
single Basket Constituent, or (ii) the weighted average of the Participation Remuneration 
Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent, or (iii) the sum of the Participation 
Remuneration Amounts due in relation to each single Basket Constituent, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In this case, for each single Basket Constituent the applicable Final 
Terms will specify (each one if applicable) the relevant CAP, Floor Percentage, Participation 
Factor, Strike Remuneration Percentage, Base Premium Percentage and Participation 
Remuneration Amount Gearing. 
Rainbow Feature 
Unlike the instruments linked to one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer will indicate in the 
applicable Final Terms: (i) the financial activities which represent the Basket Constituents, (ii) 
the relative weighting within the Basket without any preliminary reference to specific financial 
activities and (iii) the objective criteria pursuant to which the weight will be allocated by the 
Calculation Agent (for instance, in a Basket constituted by three financial activities, the Basket 
would be weighted as follows: 50% for the Basket Constituent with the best performance; 30%

--- Page 294 ---
294
for the Basket Constituent with the worst performance; and 20% for a Basket Constituent with 
the second best performance).  
For each determination (during the life of the Certificates and at the exercise date), the 
Calculation Agent will weigh the relevant Basket Constituents on the basis of the performance 
registered on such Determination Date and pursuant to the objective criteria provided under the 
Final Terms. The allocation of the weights within a Basket may result differently on each 
Determination Date and depending on the performance of the Basket Constituents. 
The Calculation Agent will then calculate the total amount of the Basket pursuant to the 
methods applied to the instruments normally linked to the Basket. Such feature shall not apply 
to the Spread Certificates. 
24. 
Reverse Split of Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant 
Leverage Certificates 
In relation to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates and Constant Leverage Certificates 
only, if "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer may, 
at its option, effect a Reverse Split of the relevant Series of such Certificates. In such event, 
the Issuer may give the Reverse Split Trigger Notice to Securityholders within a number of 
days equal to the Reverse Split Notice Period informing them of its intention to effect a 
Reverse Split with respect to the relevant Certificates. After the giving of such Reverse Split 
Trigger Notice, with effect from the relevant Reverse Split Effective Date and without the 
consent of the Securityholders, the number of Certificates before the Reverse Split (the "Pre-
Conversion Certificates") held by each Securityholder (the "Existing Holding") will be 
aggregated and such Certificates will be converted into a smaller number of Certificates 
("Converted Certificates" and the aggregate holding of such Converted Certificates including 
the Unconverted Certificates (if any and as defined below) by a Securityholder, the "Revised 
Holding") calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Certificates by the Reverse 
Split Ratio.  
If, after the application of the Reverse Split Ratio to the Pre-Conversion Certificates held by 
each Securityholder: 
-  
the aggregate number of the Certificates held by any Securityholder is lower than the 
applicable Reverse Split Ratio; or 
-  
the aggregate number of Certificates held by any Securityholder divided by the applicable 
Reverse Split Ratio does not result in an integer number; 
the number of the Certificates which cannot be replaced by one Converted Certificates (in each 
case the "Unconverted Certificates") will be bought back by the Issuer at the Reverse Split 
Cash Settlement Price. The Securityholders of Unconverted Certificates shall receive a cash 
amount on the Reverse Split Settlement Date equal to the Reverse Split Cash Settlement 
Amount. 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Certificates into Converted Certificates, the applicable 
Final Terms shall be deemed to be amended to set out the changes to be made to the terms of 
the Converted Certificates provided that, as a result of such changes the market value of the 
Revised Holding calculated immediately after the Reverse Split is the same as the market 
value of the Existing Holding calculated immediately before the Reverse Split.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
Following the conversion of Pre-Conversion Certificates into Converted Certificates, all 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Turbo Certificates, Benchmark Certificates or 
Constant Leverage Certificates (as the case may be), shall be deemed to be references to the 
Converted Certificates.

--- Page 296 ---
296
 
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES -  
FORM OF PHYSICAL DELIVERY CONFIRMATION NOTICE 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the Issuer) 
[Details of issue] 
(the Securities) 
When completed this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice should be sent by authenticated swift 
message (to be confirmed in writing) to whichever of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg records or 
will record on its books ownership of the Securities being exercised, with a copy to the Principal 
Security Agent [and to the Issuer] or, if the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice relates to Securities 
represented by Definitive Securities, should be delivered along with the Securities to the Issuer with a 
copy to the Principal Security Agent. The Issuer will not in any circumstances be liable to the 
Securityholder or any other person for any loss or damage to any Definitive Securities deposited with it, 
unless such loss or damage was caused by the fraud or negligence of the Issuer or its directors, officers 
or employees. 
 
To: 
 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B–1210 Brussels 
Belgium] 
 
 
or: 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg]*13  
 
or: 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy]*  
 
 
cc: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
13 *Delete as applicable

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy]* 
 
If this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is determined to be incomplete or not in proper form (in 
the determination of the Principal Security Agent), or is not copied to the Principal Security Agent and 
the Issuer immediately after being delivered or sent to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or, in 
the case of Definitive Securities, is not delivered to the Issuer and copied to the Principal Security 
Agent), it will be treated as null and void. 
If this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent (or, in the 
case of Definitive Securities, to the satisfaction of the Issuer in consultation with the Principal Security 
Agent), it will be deemed to be a new Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and copied to the Issuer and 
the Principal Security Agent (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, to the Issuer and copied to the 
Principal Security Agent). 
This Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice should be completed and delivered as provided in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant provisions of 
the applicable Final Terms (the Conditions). Expressions defined in such Conditions shall bear the 
same meanings herein. 
This Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice will be null and void unless the beneficial owner certifies 
on the date of exercise that such owner is not a "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and no 
securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
PLEASE USE BLOCK CAPITALS 
1. 
Name(s) and Address(es) of Securityholders: 
Name 
 
 
Address  
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Series Number and Number of Securities 
The series number of Securities the subject of this notice is: 
The number of Securities the subject of this notice is as follows: 
Securities 
[               ]

--- Page 298 ---
298
3. 
Account details: 
[I/We* hereby irrevocably instruct Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg* to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date my/our* Securities Account specified below with the number of Securities the subject 
of this notice.]* I/We* hereby undertake to pay any applicable Expenses and I/we* hereby irrevocably 
instruct Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg/the Principal Security Agent* to debit my/our* Cash 
Account specified below with an amount or amounts in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses to the 
extent of such amount or amounts]. 
My/Our* account details are as follows: 
[Securities Account with Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg* 
No.: 
 
 
Name:  
] 
Cash Account with Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg 
No.: 
 
 
Name:  
* 
 
4. 
Settlement 
4.1 
Not applicable for Currency Securities 
Insert details (as detailed in the applicable Final Terms) as to how the Deliverable Asset constituting 
part or all of the Entitlement is to be delivered: 
Any cash payable (either in the event of any Residual Amount constituting the Entitlement or any 
dividends relating to the Deliverable Asset or as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure 
to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurring and the Issuer electing to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount 
or the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price) should be credited to my/our Cash Account specified in 
paragraph 3. 
4.2 
Applicable to Currency Certificates Only 
My/Our Cash Account to be credited with the amount due to me/us* in respect of the Certificates the 
subject of this notice are set out in paragraph 3. 
5. 
Certification of Non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
The undersigned hereby certify/ies that as of the date hereof none of the Certificates exercised hereby is 
or will be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by a "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and no securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with this 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. 
I/We understand that certain portions of this Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice are required in 
connection with certain tax, securities and other laws of the United States. If administrative or legal

--- Page 299 ---
299 
proceedings are commenced or threatened in connection with which this Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice is or would be relevant, I/we irrevocably authorise you to produce this Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice to any interested party in such proceedings. 
Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. 
Name(s) of Securityholder(s): 
Signed/By: 
Dated: 
[N.B. If the provisions of Condition 4(C) (Issuer's Option to vary Settlement) apply then amendment 
will need to be made to this form of Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice to reflect such option.]

--- Page 300 ---
300
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General Funding 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Securities for general corporate purposes, 
including making a profit or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms. A substantial portion of 
the proceeds may be used to hedge market risks with respect to the Securities.  
Green, Climate, Social or Sustainability Certificates 
If in respect of any particular issue of Securities, there is a particular identified use of proceeds this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Certificates financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans, 
Eligible Social Loans or a combination of both Green and Social Loans as the case may be (together, 
“Eligible Loans”), and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria set out in 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) and which, prior to the 
relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor relations section of the Issuer' website at 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/sustainability/environment/green-products/Green-bonds 
(the 
"Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework" or the "Framework", including as amended, 
restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Green 
Certificates, Social Certificates or, as the case may be, Sustainability Certificates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion to confirm the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework’s validity and its general alignment with the GBP, the SBP and the SBG, as well as an 
assessment on compliance with the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts 2021 on a best effort basis and 
which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor relations section of the Issuer’s 
website at  
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/sostenibilt%C3%A0/inglese/2022/green-bond-
2022/Second%20Party%20Opinion%20ISS%20June%202022.pdf (the "Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework Second-party Opinion"). 
Eligible Green Loans have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Issuer from time to time 
in accordance with the categorization of eligibility for Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, which may change from time to 
time. Recognizing that the green, social and sustainability bond market and best practices are still 
evolving, the Issuer will strive to monitor market developments and, when deemed necessary in the 
Issuer’s sole discretion, make appropriate updates to the Framework in order to reflect best market 
practice. 
The selection process of eligible green and social loans is structured and fully integrated in Intesa 
Sanpaolo’s existing investment process. Internal roles and responsibilities are defined as follows: 
- 
the analysis of loans eligibility is managed by the dedicated business teams of the Group; 
- 
the Credit Evaluation function of each dedicated lending desk evaluates client’s reputation and 
creditworthiness; and

--- Page 301 ---
301 
- 
then dedicated lending desk approves the disbursements to be made. 
The allocation of proceeds from Eligible Loans will be managed and overseen by the Issuer according 
to the applicable specific procedures as described in the Framework, including treasury liquidity 
portfolio, Cash, Time Deposit with Banks or Other form of available short term and medium / long 
term funding sources (e.g. Commercial Paper Program, Bank Credit Line), that do not include GHG 
intensive activities (i.e. related to fossil fuels exploitation and to carbon intensive assets such as 
infrastructure dependent on fossil fuels; fossil fuel-fired power plants; high-carbon assets) nor any 
disputable sector/activity (Animal maltreatment, Alcohol, Armament, Hazardous chemicals, Gambling, 
Intensive agro-industrial activities with intensive use of agrochemicals or which entail deforestation, 
Nuclear energy, Sex industry, Tobacco). In case of early loan reimbursement or if a loan no longer 
meets the eligibility criteria, Intesa Sanpaolo will use the net proceeds to finance other Eligible Loans 
which are compliant with the eligibility criteria of the Framework. 
The Framework provides that any proceeds not allocated to fund Eligible Loans in the portfolio will be 
held in accordance with Intesa Sanpaolo’s normal liquidity management. The allocation of the net 
proceeds of Eligible Loans will be verified by the Issuer’s external auditor. 
The Issuer intends to publish a yearly report which will describe the use of proceeds set out in the 
Framework. The allocation report will include the (i) total amount of Intesa Sanpaolo Green, Social and 
Sustainability bonds outstanding; (ii) total amount of the portfolios broken down per eligible category; 
(iii) aggregate amounts of net proceeds allocated to each eligible category of the portfolios; (iii) balance 
of unallocated proceeds at the time of reporting; (iv) amount or the percentage of new financing, and 
will 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/it/sostenibilita/reporting-di-sostenibilita/green-bond-report.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer, including the 
Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Green Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates 
and in particular with any Eligible Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion or certification (including the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) nor the Framework are, nor shall be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification 
(including the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) nor the Framework are, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Managers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates. 
Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification (including the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability Certificates. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. Prospective investors in any Green Certificates, Social Certificates or Sustainability 
Certificates should also refer to the risk factor above headed, "Certificates issued as "Green 
Certificates", "Social Certificates", "Sustainability Certificates" or "Climate Certificates" may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable 
assets".

--- Page 302 ---
302
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Organisation of the Group 
Intesa Sanpaolo Origins 
Intesa Sanpaolo is the result of the merger by incorporation of Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. with Banca Intesa 
S.p.A. (effective 1 January 2007). 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. 
Banca Intesa S.p.A. was originally established in 1925 under the name of La Centrale and invested in 
the business of the production and distribution of electricity. After the nationalisation of companies in 
this sector in the early 1960s, the company changed its name to La Centrale Finanziaria Generale, 
acquiring equity investments in various companies in the banking, insurance and publishing sector. The 
company merged by incorporation with Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano in 1985 and assumed its name and 
constitutional objects. Following the acquisition of Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde 
S.p.A. ("Cariplo") in January 1998, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to Gruppo Banca 
Intesa. Then, in 2001, Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A. was merged into Gruppo Banca Intesa and 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's name was changed to "Banca Intesa Banca Commerciale Italiana S.p.A.". 
On 1 January 2003 the corporate name was changed to "Banca Intesa S.p.A.". 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. 
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo IMI") was formed in 1998 through the merger of Istituto Mobiliare 
Italiano S.p.A. ("IMI") and Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino S.p.A. ("Sanpaolo"). 
Sanpaolo originated from the "Compagnia di San Paolo" brotherhood, which was set up in 1563 to help 
the needy. The "Compagnia di San Paolo" began undertaking credit activities and progressively 
developed into a banking institution during the nineteenth century, becoming a public law credit 
institution (Istituto di Credito di Diritto Pubblico) in 1932. Between 1960 and 1990, Sanpaolo expanded 
its network nationwide through a number of acquisitions of local banks and medium-sized regional 
banks, ultimately reaching the level of a multifunctional group of national importance in 1991 after its 
acquisition of Crediop. On 31 December 1991, Sanpaolo became a stock corporation (società per 
azioni) with the name Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino Società per Azioni. 
IMI was established as a public law entity in 1931 and during the 1980s it developed its specialist credit 
and investment banking services and, with Banca Fideuram, its professional asset management and 
financial consultancy services. IMI became a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) in 1991. 
The merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI and the creation of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
The boards of directors of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI unanimously approved the merger of 
Sanpaolo IMI with Banca Intesa on 12 October 2006 and the merger became effective on 1 January 
2007. The surviving entity changed its name to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., the parent company of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Merger of Banca IMI 
Intesa Sanpaolo announced on 2 April 2020 that following authorization given by the ECB, the plan for 
the merger by incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. into Intesa Sanpaolo was filed with the Companies 
Register of Turin. The merger, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo on 5

--- Page 303 ---
303 
May 2020 and by the shareholders’ meeting of Banca IMI S.p.A., was completed on 20 July 2020. 
UBI Banca S.p.A. 
Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A. ("UBI Banca") is the entity resulting from the merger by 
incorporation of Banca Lombarda e Piemontese S.p.A. into Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.a. (the 
"Merger"). The Merger became legally effective on 1 April 2007, with the surviving entity, BPU, 
changing its name to UBI Banca. On 12 October 2015, UBI Banca was the first Italian banca popolare 
to become a Joint Stock Company (S.p.A.). On 12 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of 
UBI Banca appointed a Board of Directors and a Management Control Committee for the three-year 
period 2019-2020-2021, implementing the one-tier governance model adopted on 19 October 2018 
through the resolution of a shareholders' meeting in extraordinary session. 
The merger between Intesa Sanpaolo and UBI Banca 
Intesa Sanpaolo acquired control of UBI Banca on 5 August 2020 and merged with it by incorporation 
on 12 April 2021. 
Legal Status 
Intesa Sanpaolo is a company limited by shares, incorporated in 1925 under the laws of Italy, operating 
under Italian law and registered with the Companies' Registry of Turin under registration number 
00799960158. It is also registered on the National Register of Banks under no. 5361 and is the Parent 
Company of the " Intesa Sanpaolo" banking group. 
Registered Office 
Intesa Sanpaolo's registered office is at Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy) and its telephone 
number is +39 0115551. Intesa Sanpaolo's secondary registered office is at Via Monte di Pietà 8, 20121 
Milan (Italy) and its telephone number is +39 0287911. 
Website 
Intesa Sanpaolo's website is https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/. The information on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo mission 
The purpose of Intesa Sanpaolo is the deposit-taking and the carrying-on of all forms of lending 
activities, both directly and through its subsidiaries. Intesa Sanpaolo may, in compliance with laws and 
regulations applicable from time to time and subject to being granted the required authorisations, 
directly and through its subsidiaries, provide all banking and financial services, including the 
establishment and management of open-ended and closed-ended pension schemes, as well as carry out 
any other transactions that are instrumental for, or related to the achievement of, its corporate purpose. 
Ratings 
The long-term credit ratings assigned to Intesa Sanpaolo are the following: 
– 
BBB (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS"), Positive Trend; 
– 
BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"), Positive Outlook;

--- Page 304 ---
304
– 
Baa1 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), Stable Outlook; and 
– 
BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings"), Stable Outlook. 
Each of Morningstar DBRS, Fitch Ratings, Moody's and S&P Global Ratings is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 10 July 2024) on the ESMA 
website https://www.esma.europa.eu. 
Share Capital 
As at 2 December 2024 the subscribed and paid-in share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo amounts to 
€10,368,870,930.08, represented by 17,803,670,501 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements currently in place, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
Information on the material changes in the issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the 
last financial year  
Since 31 December 2023, the closing date of the last financial year, there have been no substantial 
changes in the Issuer's financing and borrowing structure. 
Description of the expected financing of the issuer’s activities  
Group liquidity remains high: as at 30 June 2024, both the regulatory indicators LCR (liquidity 
Coverage Ratio) and NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio), also adopted as internal liquidity risk 
measurements metrics, were still well above requirements established by Regulation 575/2013 and 
Directive 2013/36/EU. The unencumbered liquidity reserves at the various Group’s treasury 
departments, including the high-quality liquid assets (HQLAs) and other eligible components, reached a 
total of approximately 210 billion Euro as at 30 June 2024 (202 billion Euro at the end of 2023). The 
loan to deposit ratio at the end of June 2024, calculated as the ratio between loans to customers and 
direct deposits from banking business, came to 71.6% (74.5 % at the end of 2023). The residual 
participation of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group to the TLTRO funding transactions with the ECB amounted 
to nominal 60 million Euro as at 30 June 2024, with total repayment on 25 September 2024 (nominal 
45.1 billion at the end of 2023).

--- Page 305 ---
305 
Organisational Structure of the Divisions (last updated on 5 December 2024) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CEO 
CARLO MESSINA 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
DIVISIONS 
T. CORCOS 
INSURANCE 
DIVISION 
V. BORLA 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
DIVISION 
M. L. GOTA 
PRIVATE 
BANKING 
DIVISION 
L. MAINOLFI 
INTERNATIONAL 
BANKS DIVISION 
P. PAPANICOLAOU 
IMI CORPORATE 
& INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
M. MICILLO 
BANCA DEI 
TERRITORI 
DIVISION (*) 
S. BARRESE 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
• 
Isybank 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Ireland 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Luxembourg 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Brasil 
• 
Banca Intesa Beograd 
• 
Bank of Alexandria 
• 
CIB Bank 
• 
Eximbank 
• 
First Bank 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
(**) 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Albania 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank 
Romania 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Banka Bosna i 
Hercegovina 
• 
Pravex Bank 
• 
Privredna Banka 
Zagreb 
• 
VUB Banka 
• 
Fideuram 
• 
Fideuram Asset 
Management Ireland 
• 
Fideuram - Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private 
Banking Asset 
Management 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Wealth Management 
• 
Reyl Intesa Sanpaolo 
• 
SIREF Fiduciaria 
• 
Epsilon SGR 
• 
Eurizon Asset 
Management Croatia 
• 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Hungary 
• 
Eurizon Asset 
Management 
Slovakia 
• 
Eurizon Capital 
• 
Eurizon Capital Asia 
Limited 
• 
Eurizon Capital Real 
Asset SGR 
• 
Eurizon Capital S.A. 
• 
Eurizon SLJ Capital 
LTD 
• 
Fideuram Vita 
• 
InSalute Servizi 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicurazioni 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Insurance Agency 
• 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
Protezione 
Organisation chart of the Divisions 
(*) Domestic Commercial Banking 
(**) Slovenia

--- Page 306 ---
306
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is one of the top banking groups in Europe with a significant ESG 
commitment, a world-class position in Social Impact and a strong focus on climate. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a banking group in Italy with 13.7 million customers and over 3,300 
branches. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is a provider of financial products and services to both households and 
enterprises in Italy. 
The Group has a strategic international presence, with over 900 branches and 7.5 million customers. It 
is among the top players in several countries in Central Eastern Europe and in the Middle East and 
North Africa, through its local subsidiary banks: the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ranks first in Serbia, second 
in Croatia and Slovakia, fourth in Albania and Slovenia, sixth in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Egypt, 
seventh in Moldova and Hungary. 
As at 30 September 2024, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group had total assets of €949,186 million, customer 
loans of €421,946 million, direct deposits from banking business of €588,930 million and direct 
deposits from insurance business of €177,402 million. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group operates through six divisions: 
a) 
The Banca dei Territori division: focuses on the market and centrality of the territory for 
stronger relations with individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and non-profit entities. 
The division includes the activities in industrial credit, leasing and factoring, as well as the 
digital bank Isybank (which also operates in instant banking through Mooney, the partnership 
with the ENEL Group). 
b) 
The IMI Corporate & Investment Banking division: a global partner which, taking a 
medium-long term view, supports corporates, financial institutions and public administration, 
both nationally and internationally. Its main activities include capital markets and investment 
banking. The division is present in 24 countries where it facilitates the cross-border activities 
of its customers through a specialist network made up of branches, representative offices and 
subsidiary banks focused on corporate banking. 
c) 
The International Banks division: includes the following commercial banking subsidiaries: 
Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Albania in Albania, Intesa Sanpaolo Banka Bosna i Hercegovina in 
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Privredna Banka Zagreb in Croatia, the Prague branch of VUB 
Banka in the Czech Republic, Bank of Alexandria in Egypt, Eximbank in Moldova, CIB Bank 
in Hungary, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank Romania and First Bank in Romania, Banca Intesa Beograd 
in Serbia, VUB Banka in Slovakia, Intesa Sanpaolo Bank in Slovenia and Pravex Bank in 
Ukraine. 
d) 
The Private Banking division: serves the customer segment consisting of Private clients and 
High Net Worth Individuals with the offering of products and services tailored for this 
segment. The division includes Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking with 6,826 private 
bankers. 
e) 
The Asset Management division: asset management solutions targeted at the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's customers, commercial networks outside the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, and institutional 
clientele. The division includes Eurizon with €327 billion of assets under management. 
f) 
The Insurance division: insurance and pension products tailored for the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group's clients. The division holds direct deposits of €177 billion and includes Intesa Sanpaolo 
Assicurazioni - which controls Intesa Sanpaolo Protezione, Intesa Sanpaolo Insurance Agency 
and InSalute Servizi - and Fideuram Vita.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2023 – Highlights 
Intesa Sanpaolo launches buyback for remaining 1,700 million euro 
With reference to the programme for the purchase of own shares for annulment (buyback), approved by 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022 and authorised by the ECB with decision 
notified on 24 June 2022, for a maximum total outlay of 3,400 million euro and a number of shares not 
exceeding 2,615,384,615 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares, after the initial programme launched on 4 
July and concluded on 11 October 2022 for an outlay of 1,700 million euro and the purchase of 
988,632,803 shares (all of them annulled), on 3 February 2023 the Board of Directors of Intesa 
Sanpaolo resolved to implement the execution of the remaining part of the programme for a maximum 
outlay of 1,700 million euro and a number of shares not exceeding 1,626,751,812. 
The purchases started on 13 February 2023 and ended on 4 April 2023. During the period, a total of 
706,004,171 shares were purchased, equal to around 3.72% of the share capital outstanding at the end 
of the programme, at an average purchase price of 2.4079 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 
1,699,999,999.33 euro. 
The transactions took place on the regulated market Euronext Milan managed by Borsa Italiana through 
the third-party intermediary appointed to execute the programme, in full independence and without any 
involvement of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, in compliance with the terms authorised by the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022. 
The annulment of the shares took place on 2 May 2023. While the share capital remained unchanged at 
10,368,870,930.08 euro, the number of ordinary shares with no nominal value decreased from 
18,988,803,160 to 18,282,798,989. The Articles of Association amended to reflect said annulment were 
filed with the Turin Company Register on 3 May 2023. 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 28 April 2023, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held, validly constituted, 
on a single call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the appointed representative (in 
accordance with Article 106, paragraph 4, of Law Decree No. 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by 
Law No. 27 dated 24 April 2020, whose effects were most recently extended by Law No. 14 dated 24 
February 2023) counted 3,167 holders of voting rights attached to 10,897,630,179 ordinary shares 
without nominal value representing 57.38977% of the share capital. The Shareholders' Meeting voted in 
favour of all the items on the agenda. 
The resolutions concerned14: 
− the approval of the Parent Company's 2022 financial statements and the allocation of net income, 
with the distribution to the shareholders of a remaining dividend for 2022 corresponding to 8.68 euro 
cents per ordinary share, subject to increase as a result of the execution of the programme of purchase 
of own shares for annulment (buyback). Following the annulment of the shares announced at the 
beginning of May15, from 24 May 2023 (with coupon presentation on 22 May and record date on 23 
May), the amount of 9.01 euro cents for each of the 18,282,798,989 ordinary shares constituting the 
 
14 
The related majority of votes by which they were passed are set out in detail in the press release published on the 
Group's website. 
15 
In this regard, see the information provided above.

--- Page 308 ---
308
share capital16 was paid as a remaining dividend on the 2022 net income, for a total dividend 
distribution, taking into account the interim dividend of 1,399,608,167.99 euro paid in November 
202217, of 3,046 million euro, corresponding to a payout ratio of 70% of the consolidated net income; 
− the remuneration policies and incentive plans. In particular, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the 
remuneration and incentive policies for 2023 as described respectively in chapters 4 and 1 of Section I 
of the Report on remuneration policy and compensation paid; it passed a resolution agreeing on the 
Disclosure on compensation paid in 2022 as described in Section II of the same Report; and it approved 
the 2023 Annual Incentive Plan, which provides for the assignment, for free, of Intesa Sanpaolo 
ordinary shares, to be purchased on the market; 
− the authorisation to purchase and dispose of own shares to serve the incentive plans and for trading 
purposes. 
Isybank 
On 15 June 2023, the Group officially presented Isybank18, its new digital bank, a key project of the 
2022-2025 Business Plan, aimed at combining the solidity and commercial offering of a bank with 
simple, fast services typical of a fintech company. The new company is aimed at the Group's customers 
who are mainly digital users of banking services and mobile banking-oriented, while maintaining the 
possibility of a direct relationship with the staff of the digital branch. 
With Isybank, Intesa Sanpaolo enters the fintech world, marking its transition from incumbent to 
challenger, further improving customer service, while also creating innovative, flexible work 
opportunities. Isybank is based on cloud-native technology, adaptable to a multi-currency environment 
and multinational customers. Thought Machine – a core banking technology company based in the UK, 
with regional offices in New York, Singapore and Sydney – has been selected as the ideal partner to 
bring the new digital banking platform to life. The partnership was also strengthened by the GBP 40 
million invested by Intesa Sanpaolo in the capital of the company. 
On 19 July 2023, the agreement was signed with the Trade Unions concerning the transfer of two 
business lines by the 100% controlling company Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank. The transfer, approved by 
the Parent Company on 30 March 2023, involves two separate business lines, each consisting of a set of 
assets and legal relations operationally organised for the management of private individual customers 
who primarily use digital channels. 
On 11 October 2023, Isybank approved a share capital increase from 30 million to 31 million, to be 
carried out in two tranches and settled through the contributions in kind of the above-mentioned 
business lines, which were valued by Intesa Sanpaolo with the support of an independent third-party 
expert. 
On the weekend of 14-15 October 2023, the transfer was completed of the first business line consisting 
of around 300,000 Intesa Sanpaolo customers with simpler operational characteristics, identified based 
 
16 
The total amount of the dividend paid was 1,646,462,490.59 euro against 1,765,623.70 euro allocated to the 
Extraordinary reserve in relation to the portion not distributed to the 9,075,453 own shares held by the Bank at the record 
date (817,698.32 euro) and the rounding differences arisen during the calculation of the final amount of the dividend 
(947,925.38 euro). 
17 
Interim dividends are considered net of the portion not distributed to the 23,922,835 own shares held by the Bank at the 
record date, amounting to 1,765,505.22 euro. 
18 
On 1 January 2023, the amendment of the Articles of Association of Banca 5 S.p.A. took effect, giving the company its 
new name Isybank S.p.A. The amendment, authorised by the ECB on 10 October 2022, was approved by the 
Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Banca 5 on 28 October 2022.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
on specific criteria. The transfer took legal effect on 16 October 2023. The second transfer, which 
involved customers with more complex characteristics than the previous transfer, took legal effect on 
18 March 2024, alongside the enhancement of the product catalogue, services and features, as well as 
new marketing and communication initiatives (see more detail below in the section "Intesa Sanpaolo in 
2024 – Highlights – Other highlights"). 
Following the initial communications sent to the customers involved (communications of June 2023 for 
the first set and July/November 2023 for the second set), in January 2024 a letter was sent to repeat the 
information provided in the previous communications and highlight further aspects aimed at enabling 
customers to thoroughly evaluate the transfer to Isybank and give their consent to the operation, also in 
response to the requests from the Italian Antitrust Authority (the "AGCM"). The information campaign 
was further bolstered through the publication of these communications in several national newspapers. 
For the customers already transferred, the letter provided the opportunity to confirm their satisfaction or 
desire to open a new account with Intesa Sanpaolo. For the customers included within the scope of the 
transfer in March 2024, the letter invited them to give their explicit consent to the acceptance of the 
transfer. 
Other highlights 
In line with the strong push towards digitalisation that characterises the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 2022-
2025 Business Plan, at the beginning of July 2023 Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking 
officially presented Direct Advisory, the first digital financial advisory service for investment 
management, which leverages a team of Direct Bankers, professionals enrolled in Italy's sole register of 
financial advisors, operating in fully remote form through digital solutions. This service enhances 
Fideuram Direct, the digital platform for those who want to operate independently on listed financial 
instruments and asset management products, offering itself in a complementary and synergistic way to 
traditional networks. 
On 28 July 2023, the results of the 2023 EU-Wide Stress Test were announced. The test was conducted 
by the EBA, in cooperation with the SSM, the Bank of Italy, the ECB and the European Systemic Risk 
Board and also involved Intesa Sanpaolo for the scope of consolidation. The reference scenario covers a 
three-year horizon (2023-2025). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet 
assumption as of December 2022 and therefore does not take into account future business strategies and 
management actions. It is not a forecast of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's profits. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group fully loaded CET 1 ratio resulting from the stress test for 2025, the final 
year considered in the exercise, stood at 14.85% under the baseline scenario and 10.85% under the 
adverse scenario, compared to the starting-point figure of 13.53% as of 31 December 2022. These 
results highlight that Intesa Sanpaolo is able to confirm its solidity even in complex scenarios, thanks to 
its well-diversified and resilient business model. 
In line with the proactive management of its the capital base, on 31 August 2023 Intesa Sanpaolo 
announced a cash tender offer for any and all of its perpetual "€750,000,000 6.25% Additional Tier 1 
Notes" outstanding for the full nominal amount (ISIN XS1614415542, first call on 16 May 2024), at a 
price of 100.25% – an offer subject to the terms and conditions, as well as the offer and distribution 
restrictions, set out in the tender offer memorandum dated 31 August 2023 – and the accompanying 
launch of a new issue of fixed-rate reset perpetual Additional Tier 1 notes in a nominal amount of no 
less than 750,000,000 euro to be offered, subject to market conditions, to qualified investors, including 
holders of the notes subject of the offer. 
At the Offer Expiration, on 7 September 2023, the amount of the notes validly tendered amounted to 
503,077,000 euro, equivalent to 67.08% of the nominal amount outstanding, which Intesa Sanpaolo

--- Page 310 ---
310
agreed to repurchase. Accordingly, on the settlement date of 11 September 2023, it paid the purchase 
price consideration and the accrued interest amount to the holders that tendered the notes. The notes are 
now outstanding for the remaining amount of 246,923,000 euro and will be redeemed in full on the first 
call date (16 May 2024) as Intesa Sanpaolo has already received the necessary authorisation from the 
ECB. 
On 7 September, the settlement took place of the new perpetual "€1,250,000,000 9.125% Additional 
Tier 1 Notes" (ISIN XS2678939427), listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, with first interest rate 
reset date on 7 March 2030 and every five years thereafter. 
During the period from 11 September to 13 September 2023 an ordinary share buyback programme was 
implemented to service plans for the assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to 
the employees and the Financial Advisors of the Group, in relation to (i) mainly, the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group share-based incentive plan for 2022; and (ii) to a lesser extent, the incentive plans of certain 
subsidiaries, also relating to 2022. These incentive plans are reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a 
bonus in excess of the so-called "materiality threshold"19, for those who are paid a "particularly high" 
amount20 and for those who, among Middle Management or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, 
accrue "relevant bonuses"21. In addition, the programme was implemented in order to grant, when 
certain conditions occur, severance payments upon early termination of employment. 
In the three days during which the programme was executed, a total of 32,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo 
ordinary shares were purchased, through the IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division, tasked 
with the programme execution. These represent around 0.18% of the share capital of the Parent 
Company. The average price was 2.4697 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 79,031,462.67 euro. 
The Parent Company purchased 20,200,547 shares at an average price of 2.4683 euro per share, for a 
countervalue of 49,861,766.11 euro. 
The transactions were executed in compliance with provisions included in Articles 2357 and 2359-bis 
of the Italian Civil Code and within the limits determined in the resolutions passed by the competent 
corporate bodies. Specifically, in the case of the Parent Company, the transactions were executed in 
accordance with the terms approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2023. 
Pursuant to Article 132 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and Article 144-bis of the Issuers' 
Regulation and subsequent amendments, purchases were executed on the regulated market Euronext 
Milan managed by Borsa Italiana in accordance with trading methods laid down in the market rules for 
these transactions. 
Moreover, purchases were arranged in compliance with the conditions and the restrictions under Article 
5 of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014, 
and Articles 2, 3, and 4 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. 
The number of shares purchased daily did not exceed 25% of the daily average volume of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo ordinary shares traded in August 2023, which was equal to 89.9 million shares, and 15% of 
the volume traded on the Euronext Milan market on each of the days when purchases were executed – 
in accordance with the constraint added in the programme to the above-mentioned regulatory 
conditions and restrictions. 
 
19 
Equal to 50 thousand euro or one third of the total remuneration (unless otherwise provided for by specific local 
regulations). 
20 
Pursuant to the Group Remuneration and Incentive Policies, for the three-year period 2022-2024 a variable remuneration 
exceeding 400 thousand euro constitutes a "particularly high" amount. 
21 
Namely, an amount exceeding the "materiality threshold" (for Middle Management and Professionals generally equal to 
80 thousand euro, unless otherwise provided for by specific local regulations, it being understood that, for those working 
in the business functions of Intesa Sanpaolo Wealth Management and those belonging to the Reyl Group, the threshold is 
equal to 150 thousand euro) and 100% of fixed remuneration.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
On 12 September 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo, which offers real estate brokerage and advisory services 
through Intesa Sanpaolo Casa via a network of agencies in major Italian cities, together with Homepal a 
Better Place, a next-generation online real estate agency, which supports customers in the various 
stages of buying and selling real estate through a digital platform and real estate agents operating 
remotely, and BPER Banca, already a shareholder of Homepal, announced that they had reached an 
agreement for a strategic and commercial partnership to create a new player operating across the Italian 
market. The new entity will be able to draw on the complementary service models of Intesa Sanpaolo 
Casa and Homepal and leverage the Intesa Sanpaolo and BPER networks to meet customers' property 
buying and selling needs through technological services, physical presence and the experience of their 
agents. 
The agreement was finalised on 23 October 2023 with Intesa Sanpaolo's transfer of its 100% 
shareholding in Intesa Sanpaolo Casa to Homepal. Following the transaction, Intesa Sanpaolo has a 
49% shareholding in Homepal, with the remaining 34% held by Homepal's previous shareholders and 
17% by BPER Banca. The value of the transfer of Intesa Sanpaolo Casa to Homepal was supported by 
a fairness opinion prepared by an independent expert in accordance with Article 2343 of the Italian 
Civil Code. Intesa Sanpaolo's rights as a non-controlling shareholder and the governance of the 
company were also defined within the transaction. Based on the provisions of the agreements made, 
Intesa Sanpaolo's shareholding in Homepal has been classified under interests subject to significant 
influence pursuant to IAS 28. 
The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of Homepal held on 1 December 2023 approved (i) the plan 
for the merger by incorporation of the wholly-owned subsidiaries Intesa Sanpaolo Casa S.p.A. and 
Homepal Real Estate S.r.l. into Homepal a Better Place S.p.A., in accordance with Article 2505 of the 
Italian Civil Code, as well as (ii) the change in the name of the absorbing company from Homepal a 
Better Place S.p.A. to Rexer S.p.A. 
With reference to the one-off tax calculated on the increase in banks' net interest income, pursuant to 
Article 26 of Decree Law no. 104 of 10 August 2023 converted with amendments by Law no. 136 of 9 
October 2023, and considering in particular the provision in paragraph 5-bis of that article allowing for 
the allocation of an amount to a non-distributable reserve, in lieu of payment of the tax envisaged, of no 
less than two and a half times the amount of the tax, the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 25 
October 2023, decided to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting, when approving the 2023 financial 
statements, net income allocation and dividend distribution to shareholders, the allocation of 
1,991,446,276.10 euro from the net income for the full year 2023 to a specific reserve, thus taking up 
the option provided by the above-mentioned measure. 
Should this reserve be distributed in the future, it shall be subject to payment of the tax calculated 
pursuant to paragraph 3 of Article 26, amounting to 796,578,510.44 euro, plus interest calculated based 
on the interest rate on deposits with the ECB. Due to the amount of the freely distributable reserves not 
classed as suspended tax available to Intesa Sanpaolo as at 31 December 2023 (€23,177 million) and 
the presence of additional freely distributable reserves classed as suspended tax (€4,750 million), it is 
deemed highly unlikely that the above-mentioned tax shall be paid in the future. 
In accordance with the instruction of the Parent Company, similar commitments were also made by the 
Boards of Directors of the subsidiary banks impacted by the measure: Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo 
Private Banking, Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking and Isybank. In lieu of the one-off tax, a proposal 
will therefore be made to the Shareholders' Meetings, called to approve the 2023 Financial Statements, 
for the allocation to a specific reserve, pursuant to Article 26 of Decree Law no. 104/2023 converted 
with amendments by Law no. 136/2023, of a total amount at Group level of 2,068.8 million euro, 
corresponding to 2.5 times the total tax amount of 827.5 million euro.

--- Page 312 ---
312
In line with its strategy focused on significant value creation for all stakeholders, Intesa Sanpaolo 
reaffirmed its commitment to continue supporting initiatives addressing social needs, fighting 
inequalities, and fostering financial, social, educational and cultural inclusion. Specifically, on 25 
October 2023 the Bank announced its intention to contribute with a total amount expected to be equal 
to around €1.5 billion costs in the five-year period 2023-2027. This amount comprises around 1 billion 
euro allocated to the above-mentioned initiatives, identified on a case-by-case basis, and around 500 
million euro from structure costs for around 1,000 people devoted to supporting the initiatives and a 
new dedicated organisational unit called "Intesa Sanpaolo for Social Impact" based in Brescia, set up to 
strengthen Intesa Sanpaolo's social impact strategy for local communities. These costs have already 
been taken into account, on a pro-rata basis, in the guidance on the outlook for the 2024-2025 net 
income. 
On 28 October 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo and the US-based private investment fund J.C. Flowers & Co. 
signed an agreement for the acquisition of 99.98% of the shares of the Romanian bank First Bank S.A. 
The transaction was completed on 31 May 2024, after the necessary authorisations were obtained from 
the various supervisory authorities. 
First Bank is a commercial bank with 40 branches in Romania focused on serving SMEs and retail 
customers. In recent years the bank has prioritised investments in digital technology, developing one of 
the market's best-regarded mobile banking apps. The transaction will strengthen the Group's presence in 
Central and Eastern Europe, and in particular in Romania where it already operates through Intesa 
Sanpaolo Bank Romania, part of Intesa Sanpaolo's International Banks Division. 
On 3 November 2023 Intesa Sanpaolo decided to distribute an interim dividend on the 2023 results 
equal to €14.40 cents per share, before tax, corresponding to € 2,633 million in aggregate. The decision 
was based on the absence of limitations to dividend distributions, including recommendations from the 
regulators regarding capital requirements applicable to Intesa Sanpaolo, as well as on the basis of Intesa 
Sanpaolo's capital ratios. No distribution was made to own shares held by the Bank at the record date. 
The interim dividend was paid on 22 November 2023. 
On 30 November 2023 Intesa Sanpaolo announced that it had received notification of the ECB's final 
decision concerning the capital requirement that the Bank has to meet, on a consolidated basis, as of 1 
January 2024, following the results of the SREP. 
At the time of notification, the overall capital requirement the Bank has to meet in terms of CET 1 ratio 
was 9.33%. 
This is the result of: 
– 
a SREP requirement in terms of Total Capital ratio of 9.50% comprising a minimum Pillar 1 
capital requirement of 8%, of which 4.5% is CET 1 ratio, and an additional Pillar 2 capital 
requirement of 1.50%, of which 0.84% is CET 1 ratio applying the regulatory amendment 
introduced by the ECB and effective from 12 March 2020; 
– 
additional requirements, entirely in terms of CET 1 ratio, relating to: 
– 
a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, 
– 
an O-SII Buffer (Other Systemically Important Institutions Buffer) of 1.25%, 
– 
a Countercyclical Capital Buffer of 0.24%22 
 
22 
Calculated taking into account the exposure as at 31 December 2023 in the various countries where the Group has a 
presence, as well as the respective requirements set by the competent national authorities and relating to 2025, where 
available, or the most recent update of the reference period (requirement was set at zero per cent in Italy for the first

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
Lastly, to complete the disclosure for 2023, the voluntary exits plan continued in accordance with the 
trade union agreements of 29 September 2020 and 16 November 2021. 
There were 2,259 voluntary exits during the year (1,234 in the first quarter, 68 in the second quarter, 
888 in the third quarter, of which 855 take effect from 1 July, and 69 in the fourth quarter) for a total of 
7,118 exits from the beginning of 2021, against the 9,200 exits expected to take place by the first 
quarter of 2025 under the terms of the two above-mentioned trade union agreements. 
In addition, at the beginning of January 2024 there was a further exit window involving around 750 
Group employees. 
In 2023, there were around 1,650 hires (of which around 500 in the first quarter, 400 in the second 
quarter, 350 in the third quarter, and 400 in the fourth quarter) as part of those agreements, for a total of 
around 3,000 from the beginning of 2021 compared with the 4,600 planned by the end of 2025. 
Within the Next Way of Working project, the real estate and technological interventions aimed at 
constructing new workspaces designed to enhance the moments of presence in the office continued and 
are still underway. This renovation of the spaces is continuing alongside the implementation of 
technological tools (release of the space booking function in the planning and reservation tool) and 
specific targeted communication campaigns. In particular, the new building complex in Via Melchiorre 
Gioia 22 in Milan was completed in 2023 and now houses the Private Banking, Insurance and Asset 
Management Divisions, as well as Isybank. At the end of the year, work was also completed on the 
premises in Como, Jesi, Bologna, Naples, Turin and Bergamo, while the remaining work was 
completed on the premises in Rome in the early weeks of 2024. The design work is still being defined 
for Cuneo, while it is in the process of being agreed for Treviso. In line with the ESG initiatives for 
sustainable energy use, a pilot phase was launched involving the temporary closure of several offices in 
Milan (four) over the Christmas period (27 December 2023 to 5 January 2024 inclusive), which is 
typically characterised by a significant reduction in office attendance, while ensuring the possibility of 
in-presence work during the closure period by making other company spaces available in nearby areas, 
upon booking, as an alternative to the voluntary adoption of remote working. 
Intesa Sanpaolo in 2024 – Highlights 
The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
The ISP subsidiaries in Russia and Ukraine 
The Group is present in Russia and Ukraine through two subsidiaries: 
– Joint-Stock Company Banca Intesa ("Banca Intesa Russia"), 47% owned by Intesa Sanpaolo and 
53% by Intesa Sanpaolo Holding International (Luxembourg). This is a Moscow-based corporate bank, 
which operates with 27 branches and 823 staff. The Group's presence in Russia dates back almost 50 
years (initially as a Representative Office, closed in August 2023). The bank has participated in the 
financing of large national and international Russian projects, also offering a full range of banking 
services for small and medium-sized enterprises, retail customers and companies. The regional branch 
network extends from Kaliningrad to Vladivostok; 
– Pravex Bank Joint-Stock Company ("Pravex"), 100%-owned by Intesa Sanpaolo. This is a small 
commercial bank based in Kyiv, part of the International Banks Division, which operates with 39 
 
quarter of 2024).

--- Page 314 ---
314
branches mainly in the Kyiv region and employs 619 people. Intesa Sanpaolo acquired the bank in 2008 
and has been operating in the country continuously since that date. 
The observations made in the 2023 Annual Report concerning Intesa Sanpaolo's continued control over 
the two entities, as reported in "Section 5 - Other Aspects of Part A of the Notes" to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, still apply. 
Risk management 
In view of the continuing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, in the third quarter of 2024 the 
Group maintained the internal controls already described in the previous financial reports. The situation 
continues to be monitored both at Parent Company level and in all the Group banks directly involved in 
the conflict or close to it, where direct and continuous contacts are being maintained. Appropriate 
information is also always prepared for the Board Committees and the Board of Directors. 
The Risk Management and Control Task Force  
With regard to the monitoring of credit risk, there were no significant new developments to be reported 
for the third quarter of 2024. The implementation is continuing under the Credit Action Plan – with 
regard to the prevention of flows into non-performing status for exposures showing signs of difficulty, 
without being past-due – of specific diagnostic initiatives on companies in the energy-intensive and 
gas-intensive industries that are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in energy costs, also connected 
with the continued military conflict. 
In light of the further tightening of the sanctions imposed on Russia by Western countries, in order to 
ensure regulatory compliance, the close supervision continued through a specific dashboard at Group 
level, aimed at monitoring the changes in the lists of sanctioned persons and entities at European and 
international level, identifying sanctioned persons and entities for the purpose of blocking positions and 
payments, complying with the specific ban on accepting deposits above the threshold set by the 
European regulations, and identifying and blocking financial instruments subject to sanctions. As at 30 
September 2024, the exposure to Russian counterparties included in the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control ("OFAC SDN") SDN and/or EU asset freeze lists amounted to 215 million euro, down on 235 
million euro on 30 June and 237 million euro at the end of 2023. 
Despite the inclusion of new sanctioned parties – as a result of the application of the thirteenth and 
fourteenth package of sanctions, enacted on 23 February and 24 June 2024 respectively – the Group’s 
overall exposure has reduced over the nine months as a result of a series of repayments of loans already 
in place with several EU/OFAC SDN sanctioned parties, authorised by the competent Authorities. 
Since the beginning of the conflict, the Group has also continued to monitor the evolution of the fallout 
of the Russian-Ukrainian crisis on the real economy and the main financial variables, also by 
conducting specific scenario analyses and stress tests to assess the potential impacts in terms of 
profitability and capital adequacy. Although the situation is constantly evolving, leaving aside extreme 
scenarios of conflict escalation that could lead to outcomes that are difficult to assess, these analyses 
confirm the Group's ability to ensure compliance – also through the implementation of specific actions 
– with the regulatory requirements and the stricter limits set internally. 
The Operational Resilience Task Force 
Regarding the initiatives implemented from the early stages of the conflict for Pravex's employees, to 
support their expatriation and/or their families, when requested, as at 30 September 2024 there were no 
longer any employees or family member housed in the Group-owned apartments and residential 
facilities provided in Bergamo (20 residents at the end of June compared to 64 in December 2023).  
As a result, all those who received assistance from the Bank have become independent (some have

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
returned to their home country, while others have settled independently in Italy) while continuing to 
maintain contact with the staff who assisted them. With regard to business continuity in Ukraine, also 
thanks to the actions taken during the more than two years of conflict, it has always been possible to 
ensure operational capability without the need to implement continuity solutions. 
To overcome the power supply problems, Starlink satellite equipment was provided to ensure data 
connection, along with power banks distributed to the headquarters and staff with critical and strategic 
tasks. Power generators were also installed in all the operational branches. The measures implemented 
are continuing to enable the uninterrupted provision of services and are still considered valid and 
sufficient to deal with the situation, even in light of increasing Russian attacks on Ukrainian power 
plants. 
In the third quarter, the number of branches open daily stabilized at the total number of available 
branches. The decision-making process regarding the operations of the individual branches continues to 
be based on a risk assessment methodology agreed with the Parent Company, which involves the use of 
specific indicators, always prioritising the safety of the staff. During the period there were no branches 
temporarily damaged by Russian attacks. 
At Banca Intesa Russia, the systems have always functioned without any operational problems since the 
beginning of the conflict. 
The monitoring is also continuing of the operations of Banca Comerciala Eximbank, the Group's 
Moldovan subsidiary, which still has no operational problems to report, despite the temporary 
worsening of the conflict in the area.  
In terms of cybersecurity, the monitoring and threat intelligence activities continue, alongside the 
continued strengthening of the cybersecurity controls throughout the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. Within the 
threat intelligence activities aimed at monitoring possible cyber threats to Pravex, the containment 
measures have enabled the management of the attacks suffered, ensuring service delivery with minimal 
disruption. Specific educational initiatives on cyber risks, through training courses and in-depth studies 
on specific topics, are regularly implemented to continually raise awareness among all the Group's 
staff. 
As usual, the additional costs incurred for business continuity and any losses resulting from physical 
damage to premises/branches located in the conflict zone form part of the monitoring of the exposure to 
operational risk, including that relating to the Risk Appetite Framework. 
The main accounting aspects and the approach adopted by the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
The main accounting issues arising from the ongoing conflict between the Russian Federation and 
Ukraine and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's approach to addressing them are summarised in the 
paragraphs below. The situation of the Russian/Ukrainian crisis has been the subject of close attention 
since the outbreak of hostilities at the end of February 2022. The Group had significant cross-border 
exposures to counterparties resident in the Russian Federation, as well as, as already mentioned, two 
subsidiaries operating in the warring countries, which were therefore particularly exposed to the 
consequences of the conflict: Pravex and Banca Intesa Russia. 
At the beginning of 2022, loans to Russian customers represented around 1% (almost €5 billion) of the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s total loans to customers (net of the exposures backed by Export Credit Agency 
- ECA guarantees). The de-risking has therefore focused on reducing these exposures; the Group 
already started carrying it out in the second half of 2022 and continued during 2023 and the first nine 
months of 2024. Total gross exposures (customers, banks and securities) as at 30 September 2024 to 
counterparties resident in Russia and Ukraine amounted to just €1,541 million gross (€1,326 million

--- Page 316 ---
316
after adjustments), a decrease of €348 million or -18% (- €254 million in net values, -16%) from 31 
December 2023, when the gross exposures amounted to €1,889 million (€1,580 million in net values). 
More specifically, as at 30 September 2024, the remaining exposures to customers amounted, in terms 
of gross values, to €143 million (€86 million net) for Banca Intesa Russia and €469 million (€372 
million net) for cross-border exposures to customers resident in Russia (net of ECA guarantees). The 
exposures to Russian counterparties were also accompanied by gross exposures to banks totalling €626 
million (€616 million net) and in securities totalling €2 million (€1 million  net)23. Gross exposures to 
customers resident in Ukraine amounted to €184 million (€137 million net), of which €45 million (book 
value nil in net terms) related to the subsidiary Pravex (figures as at 30 June 2024, as described 
below)24, in addition to exposures to banks and in Ukrainian short-term government bonds totalling 
€117 million gross (€114 million net).  
That said, the situation as at 30 September 2024 is essentially the same as that described in the Annual 
Report as at 31 December 2023. The Intesa Sanpaolo Group continued to exercise control over the two 
banks, which operated on the basis of the Parent Company's instructions in their respective 
environments. 
Consequently, the main methodological choices – both in terms of consolidation of the two subsidiaries 
and valuation of the credit exposures – are essentially the same as those used in the 2023 Annual 
Report. Before outlining the valuation issues regarding the two subsidiaries and the aspects related to 
the valuation of the cross-border exposures, it is necessary to provide some preliminary information 
about how Pravex and Banca Intesa Russia contributed to the consolidated financial statements as at 30 
September 2024. In particular, while it was possible to consolidate an accounting situation aligned to 
that of the Parent Company for Banca Intesa Russia (therefore, consolidated with reference to the 
results as at 30 September 2024), for Pravex, the specific situation in the city of Kyiv (where the bank 
is based), led to the conclusion that – in order to contain the "operational" risk – it was considered more 
appropriate to use the accounting situation as at 30 June 2024, at the exchange rate of 30 September 
2024 for the consolidation. The results of Pravex are therefore incorporated by means of the line-by-
line consolidation of a consolidation package prepared in accordance with the IAS/IFRS for the 
previous quarter, in keeping with the approach already adopted for the 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports. 
However, it is worth recalling here that the balance sheet balances of the Ukrainian subsidiary are 
substantially immaterial in the context of those of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. The above method of 
consolidation is also supported by the fact that the balance sheet management data as at 30 September 
2024 do not show any significant differences – in the total aggregates – compared to those at the end of 
June. 
With regard to the valuation choices, the absolutely serious situation in all of Ukraine resulted in the 
definition, for the purpose of measuring Pravex's loan portfolio, of a specific approach, significantly 
based on prudent rationales, in light of the continuation of the conflict and the consequent repercussions 
on the Ukrainian economy. As at 30 September 2024, as in the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, it was considered appropriate to maintain the full write down of Pravex's on-balance sheet 
loans to customers, with consequent classification to Stage 3. As a result of that choice, for the purposes 
of the Group's consolidated financial statements, the equity of the subsidiary has essentially been 
reduced to zero. Also for Banca Intesa Russia, an approach to classifying and measuring performing 
loans continued to be adopted that strongly considers the geopolitical risk deriving from the ongoing 
 
23  
There were also 37 million euro (€32 million net) in gross off-balance sheet exposures to customers at Banca Intesa 
Russia and €19 million cross-border (with no impact in terms of net values) with customers resident in Russia (net of 
ECA). Lastly, there were €27 million (gross and net values) of cross-border positions with Russian resident banks 
24  
The cross-border exposures to customers resident in Ukraine are, for the corporate part, backed by guarantees provided 
by European and US entities, while, for the household part, these mainly relate to exposures disbursed by the subsidiary 
VUB to Ukrainian families with permanent residence in Slovakia

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
crisis. Therefore, as was already the case in the 2023 Annual Report, the assessments carried out as at 
30 September 2024 on the loans of the subsidiary included a centrally determined prudent factor that 
takes account of the worsening of the domestic economic situation in light of the continuation of the 
conflict and the increased isolation of the Russian economy.  
As a result of the recomposition of the portfolio following repayments and reclassifications to non-
performing loans, the total coverage of performing loans of the Russian subsidiary amounted to around 
32% of their gross value, down slightly on 35% in December 2023. As in the past accounting closings, 
the provision aimed at reducing the equity of the investee to zero has also been maintained. The 
significant adjustments on the credit exposures of Banca Intesa Russia and Pravex, made on a 
prudential basis, reflect the current war situation that generates the need for careful consideration of the 
above-mentioned country risk, with appropriate measurement of the risk that the capital invested abroad 
is exposed to, connected to the possibility that political or economic circumstances may result in 
nonrepayment of the loan (irrespective of the specific credit risk of the individual counterparty). 
For the cross-border positions, the Group continued to adopt the measurement approach guided by the 
emergence of the so-called "transfer" risk (an approach applied both for the determination of the SICR 
and the related classification to Stage 2, and for the calculation of the ECL through the application of 
managerial adjustments) in order to better incorporate provisions related to the risk associated with the 
current conflict that would otherwise not be properly captured by the risk measurement systems 
normally used. At the same time, the ratings for the highest risk class already assigned to the most 
significant counterparties exposed to conflict-related risk have been maintained. 
In the first nine months of 2024, the Group recorded a negative profit and loss impact, before tax, of 
€159 million related to the exposures to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties. This impact was 
essentially due to the provision of €159 million made upon consolidation of Banca Intesa Russia to 
write off its equity contribution to the Group’s consolidated financial statements, while the other effects 
relating to collections and valuation of other items related to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties were 
substantially offset. In the first nine months of 2023, there was a total positive impact of €171 million, 
before tax, on loans and securities essentially relating to proceeds from redemptions or disposals, 
which, net of the charge for the adjustment of the allowance for risks (€71 million) made upon 
consolidation of Banca Intesa Russia and aimed at writing off its equity contribution to the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements, resulted in a net positive profit and loss impact of €100 million. With 
regard to the year 2023, it is worth recalling that the flow of collections and the valuation processes 
established upon closure of the financial statements led to the recognition of write-backs on loans and 
securities, before tax, totalling €205 million, partially offset by the provision made upon consolidation 
of Banca Intesa Russia to write off its equity contribution to the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements, amounting to €114 million, with an overall positive impact of €91 million. 
Other highlights 
The transfer from Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank of the second business line – consisting of the set of 
assets and legal relations operationally organised for the management of private individual customers 
holding transactional products (accounts and payment cards), loans and mortgages (with related CPI 
and fire protection insurance), meeting a number of requirements including being aged under 65, the 
prevalent use of digital channels, and express consent to the transfer – took legal effect on 18 March 
2024. The deed of transfer, signed on 13 March 2024, was implemented upon subscription and release 
of the second tranche of the 700,000 euro capital increase approved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' 
Meeting of 11 October 2023. As a result, Isybank's share capital increased to 31,000,000 euro. The 
related IT migration was completed over the weekend of 16 and 17 March 2024. The transfers from 
Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank involved a total of around 350,000 customers.

--- Page 318 ---
318
On 12 June 2024 the AGCM announced the closure of the proceedings brought against Intesa Sanpaolo 
and Isybank, accepting the commitments proposed by the two banks, while on 14 June 2024 Intesa 
Sanpaolo, Isybank and the consumer association "Associazione Movimento Consumatori" announced 
the settlement agreement reached at the end of May to remedy the issues raised by the association in the 
representative injunction action to protect the collective interests of consumers brought in December 
2023. 
On 28 March 2024, the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo, upon proposal by the Managing Director 
and CEO Carlo Messina, adopted a new organisational structure that leverages the strengths that have 
established the Bank as a leader in Europe and which focuses on the Group's capacity to innovate. The 
renewed organisation readies the Group to tackle the challenges facing the European banking sector, by 
harnessing the best new managerial talents and by valuing internal resources, all with a long-term 
perspective. These significant and wide-ranging changes were marked by a generational transition 
introducing new talents in key positions, guided and supported by highly-experienced individuals who 
have long held leadership roles within the Group. The average age of those taking on new top-level 
responsibilities is 49. The new organisational structure, effective from 2 April 2024, also represents a 
particularly important step in the longstanding initiative to nurture female talent. 
Below is a summary of the most significant measures implemented: 
– streamlining of the governance areas reporting directly to the Managing Director, through a new 
organisational tier of Chiefs; 
– establishment of the new "Wealth Management Divisions" structure, which will provide unified 
oversight of the strategically important wealth management businesses, with the aim of accelerating 
their growth and increasing the integration of the product factories; 
– establishment of a new governance area focused on ESG (Chief Sustainability Officer) to steer the 
Group's sustainable development strategies, with a special commitment to social matters and the fight 
against inequalities. The new area has been tasked with strategic direction, activity planning, and 
monitoring; 
– creation of a new governance area (Chief Transformation & Organisation Officer) containing a 
specific newly established structure dedicated to the Group's transformation strategies to respond to the 
new challenges of technological innovation and Artificial Intelligence, by developing innovative 
organisational and operational models; 
– strengthening of the Chief Lending Officer area, which is responsible for a new credit decision-
making model, consolidating the important milestones achieved and ensuring further sustainability of 
the results (Zero-NPL Bank). 
Two new steering committees have also been set up: the first, called "Fees & Commissions" and 
chaired directly by the Managing Director and CEO, focused on monitoring, overseeing and 
coordinating the strategies necessary to develop the Group's fee and commission income; the second, 
launched at the end of May, called "Synergies Acceleration Task Force for the International Subsidiary 
Banks", aimed at promoting the transfer of the best practices adopted by the Banca dei Territori and the 
IMI Corporate & Investment Banking Division to the international subsidiary banks. 
On 19 April 2024, Intesa Sanpaolo and COIMA – a company specialising in investing in, developing 
and managing Italian real estate assets on behalf of institutional investors – signed an agreement to 
evaluate the best opportunities to develop the Banking Group's properties in a changing real estate 
market environment. The agreement, which was approved by the Board of Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo 
on 28 March 2024 and which reflects the changing strategies in real estate in response to the increased 
emphasis on ESG objectives in the sector, revolves around the transfer to investment vehicles managed

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
by COIMA SGR of a real estate portfolio of the Bank with a total value of over 500 million euro. 
The transfers are due to be completed by the end of the year following the fulfilment of the conditions 
precedent identified by the parties. Upon the transfer, Intesa Sanpaolo will receive shares in the 
COIMA investment vehicles, which will be identified according to the type of real estate in the 
portfolio and the strategy for developing its value. The transaction, which will result in a significant 
reduction of Intesa Sanpaolo's real estate assets, involves (i) three prime properties, located in Rome at 
Via dei Crociferi 44 and in Milan at Via Clerici 4-6/Piazza Ferrari 10 and at Via Verdi 9-11-13; (ii) 
additional properties to be vacated or disposed of in the coming months, located in several cities, 
including Milan, Turin, Rome, Brescia, Bergamo, Bologna, Padua and Florence. 
The agreement will also involve the examination of further areas of collaboration in the real estate 
sector that could generate business opportunities of common interest. 
The agreement is part of the Group's broader smart property management strategy, set out in the 2022-
2025 Business Plan, which, for the owner-occupied properties, envisages a strong acceleration towards 
the new way of working and a significant modernisation of the working environments in department 
spaces, and, for the investment properties, the value optimisation of the assets through disposals and 
active management via leasing or the creation of new businesses. 
On 24 April 2024, the Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo was held, duly constituted, on single 
call, to pass resolutions as those in attendance through the designated representative (in accordance 
with Article 106, paragraph 4, of Decree Law No. 18 dated 17 March 2020, converted by Law No. 27 
dated 24 April 2020, whose effects were extended by Law No. 18 dated 23 February 2024) counted 
3,598 holders of voting rights attached to 11,256,788,156 ordinary shares without nominal value, 
representing 61.57038% of the share capital. The Shareholders' Meeting voted in favour of all the items 
on the agenda. In the ordinary session, the resolutions (for details on the majority of votes please see the 
press release published on the Group's official website) concerned: 
– the approval of the 2023 financial statements of the Parent Company and the allocation of the net 
income for the year with the distribution to shareholders of a dividend and part of the share premium 
reserve. The cash distribution to shareholders of the remaining amount of 2,778,985,446.33 euro 
(corresponding to 15.20 euro cents for each of the 18,282,798,989 ordinary shares constituting the share 
capital) was approved, of which 2,373,107,308.77 euro as dividends from the net income for the year 
(corresponding to 12.98 euro cents per share) and 405,878,137.56 euro as an assignment of reserves 
drawn on the share premium reserve (corresponding to 2.22 euro cents on each share). Also taking into 
account the interim dividend paid in November 2023, amounting to 2,628,985,341.02 euro25 
(corresponding to 14.40 euro cents per share), the total interim and remaining dividends distributed for 
the year 2023 amounted to 5,405,295,975.10 euro26, corresponding to a 70% payout of the consolidated 
net income; 
– the remuneration policies and incentive plans. The Shareholders' Meeting approved the remuneration 
and incentive policies for 2024, together with the related adoption and implementation procedures, as 
described respectively in chapters 4 and 1 of Section I of the Report on remuneration policy and 
compensation paid; it passed a resolution agreeing on the Disclosure on compensation paid in 2023 as 
 
25 
Interim dividends are considered net of the portion not distributed to the 25,956,343 own shares held by the Bank at the 
record date, amounting to 3,737,713.40 euro. 
26 
The remaining dividend paid on 22 May 2024 (with a coupon presentation of 20 May and record date of 21 May) 
amounted to 2,776,310,634.08 euro, net of 2,674,812.25 euro, relating to the 17,597,449 own shares held by the Bank at 
the record date, which was allocated to the Extraordinary Reserve.

--- Page 320 ---
320
described in Section II of the same Report; and it approved the 2024 Annual Incentive System, which 
provides for the use of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to be purchased on the market; 
– authorisation to purchase own shares for annulment with no reduction of the share capital. More 
specifically, the Shareholders' Meeting authorised: (i) the purchase, also in part or in fractions, of Intesa 
Sanpaolo shares for a maximum overall outlay of 1.7 billion euro and not exceeding 1,000,000,000 
shares, with execution by 25 October 2024; (ii) the Board of Directors to carry out the purchases at a 
price to be identified from time to time, subject to the condition that the price cannot be more than 10% 
below or above the reference price of the Intesa Sanpaolo shares on the Euronext Milan regulated 
market managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. the day before the execution of each individual purchase, 
through transactions to be carried out in accordance with the provisions of Article 132 of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance, Article 144-bis, paragraph 1, letter b) of the Issuers' Regulation and with 
any other legislative and regulatory provisions (including the regulations and other rules of the 
European Union) applicable and in force from time to time; and (iii) the Board of Directors, with the 
power to delegate to the Managing Director and CEO, to carry out the purchases using the 
Extraordinary Reserve; 
– the authorisation to purchase and dispose of own shares to serve the incentive plans and for trading 
purposes.  
In the extraordinary session, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposal to annul Intesa 
Sanpaolo's own shares purchased and held by the Bank by virtue of the authorisation from the 
Shareholders' Meeting in the ordinary session, delegating the Board of Directors – with the option of 
sub-delegating the Chair and the Managing Director and CEO, jointly or severally – to execute the 
annulment, in one or more tranches, by 25 October 2024 and to update Article 5 of the Articles of 
Association accordingly. The required supervisory authority assessment had already been obtained for 
the statutory changes approved by the Shareholders' Meeting. 
On 15 May 2024, the related Boards of Directors approved the merger by incorporation of IW Private 
Investments SIM into its 100%-controlling company Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking. The 
transaction, which was authorised by the ECB with the letter dated 17 July 2024, will be finalised in the 
fourth quarter of the year, in accordance with the simplified approach envisaged by article 2505 of the 
Italian Civil Code. 
The voluntary exits plan continued in accordance with the trade union agreements of 29 September 
2020 and 16 November 2021. There were 1,106 voluntary exits in the first six months (811 in the first 
quarter, of which 774 with effect from 1 January, and 295 in the second quarter, of which 265 with 
effect from 1 April) for a total of 8,224 exits from the beginning of 2021, against the 9,200 exits 
expected to take place by the first quarter of 2025 under the terms of the two above-mentioned trade 
union agreements. 
In addition, at the beginning of July 2024 there was a further exit window involving 375 Group 
employees. In the first half of 2024, there were around 900 hires under those agreements (spread 
equally across the two quarters), for a total of around 3,850 from the beginning of 2021 compared with 
the 4,600 planned by the end of 2025. 
In this regard, it is noted that, on 23 October, Intesa Sanpaolo signed an agreement with Group Trade 
Union Delegations, which aims at enabling generational change at no social cost, also owing to 
significant investment in technology. The agreement also aims at defining the steps of a path leading to 
enabling service and offering models oriented towards greater simplicity and effectiveness for 
customers, as well as freeing up time for professional development through a major 
upskilling/reskilling training programme to better address the need for new widespread digital skills 
and new professions.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
The agreement – addressed to all the people who meet pension requirements by 31 December 2030 of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s Italian companies, including the managers – identifies ways and criteria to 
reach the target of 4,000 people voluntary leaving the Group by 2027, either by retiring or accessing the 
Solidarity Fund. 
Furthermore, by June 2028, the Group will hire 3,500 young people on indefinite-term contracts, 1,500 
of whom as Global Advisors for the Network commercial activities in order to ensure greater proximity 
to customers, specifically in Wealth Management & Protection. The new hires will sustain the Group’s 
growth and its new activities and are in addition to the aforementioned 4,600 hires by December 2025 
already envisaged under the 2022-2025 Business Plan against 9,200 people leaving the Group by the 
end of the first quarter 2025. 
Furthermore, by 2027, 3,000 exits are expected to take place in Italy and 2,000 net exits in the 
international subsidiaries, the latter entirely involving roles in central functions with no impact on the 
commercial roles, through actions on natural turnover. 
Overall, the Group expects savings in personnel expenses in the region of 500 million euro per year on 
a fully operational basis (starting from 2028) – taking into account the aforementioned hires – and 
charges in the region of 350 million euro, net of tax, to the be booked in the fourth quarter 2024, not 
impacting on the prospect of net income of over 8.5 billion euro for the Group in 2024 already 
disclosed to the market. 
Under the Next Way of Working project – aimed at implementing a new working model based on 
strengthening individual responsibility and improving work-life balance – the work continued during 
the first half of 2024 on the preliminary real estate and technological interventions aimed at 
constructing new workspaces designed to enhance the moments of presence in the office. In accordance 
with the schedule established for 2024, the work has been completed for the construction of the new 
workspaces in Treviso and, from the current month of July, the work has begun on the construction of 
the workspaces in Milan via Bisceglie, Bologna, Padua and Sarmeola di Rubano, Bari, Moncalieri, 
Chieti and Rome, according to the new model. In Rome, minor refinements are still being made to 
bring the layout of the spaces in the Via del Corso office to operation. The implementation of the 
project in Cuneo has already been approved but is scheduled for 2025. 
Recent Events 
Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary share buyback programme for free assignment to employees 
On 11 September 2024 Intesa Sanpaolo concluded the ordinary share buyback programme launched on 
9 September 2024 and announced to the market in the press release dated 4 September 2024. The 
programme relates to plans for the assignment, free of charge, of Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares to the 
employees and the Financial Advisors of the Group, in relation to: (i) mainly, the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group share-based incentive plan for 2023; and (ii) to a lesser extent, the incentive plans of certain 
subsidiaries (i.e. the 2023 Incentive Plan of the Private Banking Network belonging to the Italian 
Network of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking; the 2023 Incentive Plan of the Relationship Managers 
belonging to the international commercial Networks of the Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking 
Group and the 2023 Incentive Plan of the non-employee Financial Advisors belonging to the 
commercial Networks of the Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking Group). The above-
mentioned incentive plans are reserved for Risk Takers who accrue a bonus in excess of the so-called 
"materiality threshold", as well as for those who are paid a "particularly high" amount, and for those 
who, among Middle Managers or Professionals that are not Risk Takers, accrue a bonus exceeding both 
the so-called "materiality threshold" and 100% of the fixed remuneration. In addition, the programme is 
implemented in order to grant, when certain conditions occur, severance payments upon early

--- Page 322 ---
322
termination of employment. The programme is in accordance with the terms approved at the 
Shareholders' Meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo on 24 April 2024. Moreover, the Bank's subsidiaries 
indicated in the aforementioned press release have concluded the programmes regarding the purchase 
of the Parent Company's shares, approved by their respective corporate bodies within their remits and 
analogous to the programme approved at the Parent Company's Shareholders' Meeting. 
In compliance with Article 113-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998 (TUF-Consolidated 
Law on Finance), Article 5 of the Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 April 2014, and Article 2 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 
March 2016, the details concerning the purchases executed are provided below. Information is also 
given by Intesa Sanpaolo on behalf of the aforementioned subsidiaries. 
In the three days during which the programme was executed (from 9 to 11 September 2024), the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group purchased a total of 21,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares through its IMI 
Corporate & Investment Banking Division (which was responsible for the programme execution). 
These represent 0.11% of the share capital of the Parent Company. The average purchase price was 
3.7154 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 78,023,430.57 euro. The Parent Company purchased 
10,301,330 shares at an average purchase price of 3.7146 euro per share, for a countervalue of 
38,265,555.39 euro. 
Intesa Sanpaolo buyback for 1.7 billion euro authorised by the ECB 
The programme for the purchase of own shares for annulment (buyback) for a maximum total outlay of 
1.7 billion euro and a number of shares not exceeding 1,000,000,000 Intesa Sanpaolo ordinary shares 
was authorised by the ECB with decision notified on 11 March 2024 and was approved by the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Shareholders' Meeting of 24 April 2024 
On 18 October 2024, Intesa Sanpaolo concluded the programme which was disclosed to the market on 
27 May 2024 and launched on 3 June 2024, having purchased a total of 479,128,488 shares since the 
launch of the programme, equal to around 2.62% of its share capital, at an average purchase price of 
3.5481 euro per share, for a total countervalue of 1,699,999,992.53 euro. 
The annulment of the shares took place on 23 October 2024. While the share capital remained 
unchanged at 10,368,870,930.08 euro, the number of ordinary shares without nominal value decreased 
from 18,282,798,989 to 17,803,670,501. The Articles of Association amended to reflect said annulment 
were filed with the Turin Company Register on 28 October 2024 and registered on 30 October 2024. 
Sovereign risk exposure 
As at 30 September 2024 Intesa Sanpaolo Group's exposure in securities to Italian sovereign debt – 
excluding the insurance business – amounted to €23,252 million, in addition to loans for €8,527 
million. The security exposures increased compared to €21,518 million as at 30 June 2024. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The composition of Intesa Sanpaolo's Board of Directors as at the date hereof is as set out below. 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities 
Gian Maria Gros-Pietro 
Chair 
Director of ABI Servizi S.p.A.

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities 
Paolo Andrea Colombo 
(#) (##) 
Deputy Chair 
Director of Colombo & Associati S.r.l. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Humanitas 
S.p.A. 
Carlo Messina (*) 
Managing 
Director 
and 
CEO 
None 
Bruno Picca(#) 
Director 
None 
Livia Pomodoro (##) 
Director 
Director of Febo S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Sustainability and 
Inclusion for Food S.r.l. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of WHTEXCH S.p.A. 
Franco Ceruti 
Director 
Chair of Intesa Sanpaolo Expo Institutional Contact 
S.r.l. 
Director of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. 
Chair of Società Benefit Cimarosa 1 S.p.A. 
Daniele Zamboni (1) (#) (##) 
Director 
None 
Maria Mazzarella (1) (##) 
Director 
Director of Finance For Food S.r.l. 
Milena Teresa Motta (#) 
(##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Strategie & Innovazione S.r.l. 
Alberto Maria Pisani (1)(#) 
(##) 
Chair 
of 
the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Maria-Cristina Zoppo(#) 
(##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Director of Newlat Food S.p.A. 
Standing Statutory Auditor of Michelin Italiana S.p.A. – 
SAMI 
Chair of the Board of Directors of REAM SGR S.p.A 
Luciano Nebbia 
Director 
Deputy Chair of Equiter S.p.A. 
Maria Alessandra 
Stefanelli(##) 
Director 
None 
Anna Gatti(1) (##) 
Director 
Director of WiZink Bank S.A. 
Director of Wizz Air Holdings PLC

--- Page 324 ---
324
Member of the Board 
of Directors 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., where significant with respect to 
the Issuer's activities 
Director of Lutech S.p.A. 
Fabrizio Mosca(#) (##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Aste Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Bolaffi 
Metalli Preziosi S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of DiaSorin 
Italia S.p.A. 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Mindicity 
S.r.l. 
Roberto Franchini (1)(#) 
(##) 
Director 
and 
Member of the 
Management 
Control 
Committee 
None 
Bruno Maria Parigi(##) 
Director 
None 
Liana Logiurato (##) 
Director 
None 
Paola Tagliavini (#) (##) 
Director 
Director of Rai Way S.p.A. 
 _______________  
(*) 
Appointed Managing Director and CEO by the Board of Directors on 29 April 2022. He is the 
only executive director on the Board. 
(#) 
Currently enrolled on the Register of Statutory Auditors and has practiced as an auditor or 
been a member of the supervisory body of a limited company 
(##) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Article 13.4.3 of the Articles of Association, 
the Corporate Governance Code and Article 148, paragraph 3, of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance (TUF) 
(1) 
Is a representative of the Minority Slate 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer's registered office in 
Piazza San Carlo 156, 10121 Turin (Italy). 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Intesa Sanpaolo's knowledge, no member of the Board of 
Directors of Intesa Sanpaolo has potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of 
their office or employment with the Bank or the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and any personal or other 
interests. 
The Bank and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the relevant regulation on board members conflicts of interest.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 4 December 2024, the shareholder structure of Intesa Sanpaolo was composed as follows (holders 
of shares exceeding 3% (*)): 
Shareholder 
Ordinary shares 
% of ordinary shares 
Fondazione Compagnia di San Paolo ........................  
1,153,947,304 
6.482% 
Fondazione Cariplo ...................................................  
961,333,900 
5.400% 
 _______________  
(*) Shareholders that are fund management companies may be exempted from disclosure up to the 5% 
threshold. BlackRock Inc. disclosed a 5.005% holding in the share capital of Intesa Sanpaolo, notified 
in Form 120 A dated 9 December 2020, as well as a 5.066% aggregate holding in the Bank's share 
capital, notified in Form 120 B dated 4 December 2020, and has not provided any update of these 
holdings following the subsequent changes in the number of shares into which the share capital of 
Intesa Sanpaolo is divided. 
Figures updated based on the results from the register of shareholders and the latest communications 
received. 
The Italian regulations (Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Finance (the "TUF")) set forth that 
holdings exceeding 3% of the voting capital of a listed company should be communicated to both that 
company and CONSOB. Moreover, under Article 19 of the Consolidated Law on Banking "TUB", 
prior authorisation by the Bank of Italy is required for the acquisition of holdings of capital in banks 
that are either significant or make it possible to exercise significant influence, or confer a share of 
voting rights or capital equal to at least 10%. 
The Italian regulations also set forth the obligation to disclose any agreements between shareholders. 
On 13 November 2024, a shareholders' agreement was announced in relation to the Ordinary 
Shareholders' Meeting to be convened in 2025. 
Furthermore, Article 120, paragraph 4-bis, of the TUF sets forth the obligation for investors who 
acquire holdings in listed issuers with Italy as home Member State, equal to or above 10% of the 
relevant capital or a lower threshold as defined by CONSOB, to declare the objectives they are 
pursuing. 
Legal Proceedings 
Disputes relating to compound interest and other current account and credit facility conditions, as 
well as usury 
In 2023, the number of disputes with likely or possible risk within the disputes of this type, which for 
many years have been a significant part of the civil litigation brought against the Italian banking 
industry, amounted to 3,765, with a remedy sought of 643 million euro, and have shown a progressive 
reduction in claims made compared to the previous year, both in number and in overall value. 
The number of disputes, including mediations, with likely risk was stable at around 2,900. The remedy 
sought amounted to €509 million with provisions of €168 million. As is the case for the other civil 
disputes, the assessment of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking 
into account the claims made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and case-law 
decisions, for each dispute. 
You are reminded that in 2014 and 2016, Article 120 of the Consolidated Law on Banking, which 
governs the compounding of interest in banking transactions, was amended with the establishment of

--- Page 326 ---
326
the ban on compound interest and the delegation of the Interdepartmental Committee for Credit and 
Savings to regulate this matter.  
In February 2017, the AGCM initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo for alleged unfair business 
practices involving, among other things, the methods used to request the authorisation from customers 
for the charging of the interest to the account imposed by the new regulations introduced in 2016.   
The Authority completed the proceedings in October 2017, ruling that the Bank had implemented an 
"aggressive" policy aimed at acquiring the above-mentioned authorisation. As a result, the Authority 
issued a fine of 2 million euro against Intesa Sanpaolo.   
The Bank has submitted an appeal before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court. By ruling of 2 
January 2023, the Lazio Regional Administrative Court upheld the fine. Intesa Sanpaolo submitted an 
appeal to the Council of State, which, in a ruling of March 2024, rejected the appeal and upheld the 
fine.   
The judgment of the Council of State became final and rendered the penalty final.   
Disputes relating to investment services 
There were around 750 disputes with likely risk relating to investment services. The total remedy 
sought amounted to around €305 million with provisions of €140 million, and the most significant 
subgroup was disputes concerning derivatives. As the case for the other civil disputes, the assessment 
of the risk related to this type of litigation is carried out individually, taking into account the claims 
made, the defences submitted, the progress of the proceedings and the case-law guidance, for each 
dispute. We also note approximately 32 disputes with a remedy sought of €75 million initiated by 
"wiped out" shareholders and subordinated bondholders of the former "old banks" of Banca delle 
Marche, Banca Popolare dell'Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti (the 
"Old Banks"), deemed to be of possible risk. Those disputes are backed by the warranties and 
obligations to indemnify by the Seller (National Resolution Fund) for the benefit of the former UBI 
Banca, and now Intesa Sanpaolo, and therefore also cover any liabilities arising from the activities 
carried out by the Old Banks before they were subject to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter 
alia, risks of a legal nature or generally related to ongoing or threatened disputes, or violations of the 
law and any potential liabilities. 
Reference for a preliminary ruling to the Court of Cassation on the legitimacy of the fixed 
instalment repayment plan 
On 29 May 2024 the Joint Divisions of the Court of Cassation (by ruling no. 15130) ruled on an 
important issue for banking operations: specifically, whether the failure to indicate in a fixed-rate 
mortgage loan agreement the fixed instalment repayment method (called French amortization method) 
and the compound capitalisation regime makes the purpose of the contract vague or impossible to 
determine. The Joint Divisions set out the following approach to interpretation, also applicable beyond 
the case submitted to their examination (as per the role as guarantor of the uniform interpretation of the 
law): "Regarding fixed-rate bank mortgages with repayment of the loan in instalments governed by a 
standardised, traditional repayment plan, the failure to indicate the repayment method and compound 
capitalization of debt interest regime cannot give rise to partial nullity of the contract, either due to 
vagueness of or the inability to determine the purpose of the contract, or due to breach of the 
regulations on transparency of contractual conditions and relations between credit institutions and their 
customers".  
This ruling will make it possible to significantly limit the risk of proliferation of disputes regarding 
objections to fixed instalment repayment methods.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
Dispute regarding financial derivative instruments 
With regard to derivative transactions, the legal risks linked to legal proceedings with local authorities, 
their subsidiaries and individuals continue to be subject to careful monitoring. 
Specifically, disputes are pending with 18 local authorities, with possible or likely risk, for total claims 
of €85 million, and disputes with 4 companies controlled by public entities, with total claims of €37 
million. Disputes with individuals, assessed as having possible or likely risk, total 164, and of these, 43 
positions also regard requests for refunds of amounts on other accounts held with the Bank. Net of 
those latter positions, the total value of the claims lodged in the proceedings regarding only derivatives 
amounts to around €137 million. 
In July 2024, the Municipality of Turin filed a civil action before the Court of Turin to challenge the 
derivative contract entered into in 2007 (2007 swap) governed by an ISDA agreement of 2004, subject 
to English jurisdiction and law. The contract was signed to renegotiate previous transactions carried out 
in 2003 and 2006, as part of the Entity’s debt restructuring, an initiative in which other banks have also 
participated over the years.  
The Municipality has made: 
- as the main claim, demand for compensation for damages due to contractual breach related to 
an advisory agreement for the management of the Entity’s debt of December 2003 and for pre-
contractual liability concerning the preliminary phase leading to the signing of the derivatives 
agreements; 
- in the alternative, demand the nullity of the 2007 swap, on the one hand, due to the lack of 
indication in the MtM contracts of its calculation formula and the probability scenarios and, on 
the other, due to the failure to comply with the requirements established by the specific 
applicable regulations regarding the use of these financial instruments by Public Entities.  
The main claim is quantified at around €27 million. 
The first hearing, initially scheduled for 16 October, was postponed to 18 December 2024 by request 
made by the Bank, which the Municipality agreed to. 
Disputes linked to Group acquisitions/integrations - former UBI Good Banks 
In execution acquired from the National Resolution Fund managed by the Bank of Italy (NRF), "Nuova 
Banca Marche", "Nuova Banca Etruria" and "Nuova Carichieti" (the "Target Bridge Institutions" or 
"Bridge Institutions" or "Good Banks"). Subsequently, those Bridge Institutions were incorporated 
into UBI Banca. Following the incorporation of UBI Banca, Intesa Sanpaolo (ISP) took on over the 
management of the "Good Banks dispute", that is, all those disputes regarding events or acts that 
occurred prior to 10 May 2017 and referring to the operations of the three banks impacted by the 
resolution orders (the "Old Banks") or "Good Banks", which were then acquired by UBI Banca. Those 
disputes are backed by the warranties and obligations to indemnify by the Seller (NRF) for the benefit 
of UBI Banca in relation to the acquisition of the New Banks deriving from the resolution of Banca 
delle Marche, Banca Popolare dell’Etruria e del Lazio and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti 
and therefore also cover any liabilities arising from the activities carried out by the Banks (the "Old 
Banks") before they were subject to the resolution procedure, in relation to, inter alia, risks of a legal 
nature or generally related to ongoing or threatened disputes, or violations of the law and any potential 
liabilities.  
On 27 May 2024, as part of wider negotiations, ISP and the Bank of Italy entered into an Agreement to 
simplify the management of the pending Good Banks dispute. The Agreement aims to simplify the

--- Page 328 ---
328
administrative management of disputes that have already been settled in court, but not yet indemnified, 
and to limit the guarantees (General Cap) with regard to a scope of pending disputes that has been 
accurately identified. 
Within the disputes regarding the mis-selling of shares and subordinated bonds of the banks undergoing 
resolution, by favourable ruling no. 22115 of 5 August 2024 in the Fox Petroli case, the First Division 
of the Court of Cassation held that Intesa Sanpaolo lacked the capacity to be sued, confirming that the 
claims made relate to liabilities not transferred to the Bridge Institutions (the Good Banks), but 
remained with the banks under resolution (the Old Banks). 
Dispute relating to loans in CHF to the Croatian subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb Dd 
As already noted in the previous financial statements, Croatian Union of the Consumer Protection 
Association ("Potrošač") initiated an action against the subsidiary Privredna Banka Zagreb ("PBZ") 
and seven other Croatian banks. According to the plaintiff, the defendant banks engaged in an unfair 
practice by allegedly using unfair contractual provisions at variable interest rates, which could be 
changed unilaterally by the bank and by denominating the loans granted in Swiss francs (or indexing 
them to Swiss francs) without allegedly appropriately informing the consumers of the risks prior to 
entering into the respective loan agreements. 
In September 2019, the Croatian Supreme Court rendered a ruling in the collective action proceedings 
brought by Potrošač, rejecting the appeals filed by the sued banks against the High Commercial Court 
ruling from 2018 and confirming the position of courts of lower instance that banks had breached 
collective interests and rights of consumers by incorporating unfair and null and void provisions in the 
CHF currency clause. 
In connection with the mentioned proceedings for the protection of the collective interests of 
consumers, numerous individual proceedings have been brought by customers against PBZ, despite the 
fact that most of them voluntarily accepted the offer to convert their CHF loans into EUR denominated 
loans retroactively, in accordance with the Act on the Amendments to the Consumer Credit Act 
(Croatian Official Gazette 102/2015) (the "Conversion Law"). 
In March 2020, the Croatian Supreme Court, within model case proceedings (Supreme Court 
proceedings with obligatory effect on lower instance courts with the aim of unifying/harmonising case 
law), ruled that the conversion agreements concluded between banks and borrowers under the 
Conversion Law produce legal effects and are valid even in a case where the provisions of the 
underlying loan agreements on variable interest rate and CHF currency clause are null and void. 
In May 2022, the EU Court of Justice, in proceedings regarding reference for a preliminary ruling 
involving another intermediary, established that the Court of Justice has jurisdiction over the 
conversion agreements concluded under the Conversion Law, as they occurred after Croatia joined the 
European Union, and that the EU Directive on unfair terms in consumer contracts does not apply to 
those conversion agreements, whose content reproduces provisions of national law. 
On 20 December 2022, the Civil Law Department of the Croatian Supreme Court provided an 
interpretation of the legal effects of the agreements for the conversion of loan agreements from CHF to 
EUR and on consumers' rights. By virtue of that interpretation, consumers that entered into a 
conversion agreement pursuant to the Conversion Law have the right to receive legal interest on excess 
amounts paid that the bank calculated on converting the loans, from the date of each single payment up 
to the date of conversion. Once this judicial interpretation has been recorded with the Court Practice 
Records Department, it will be final and binding upon lower instance courts. 
The number of new individual lawsuits filed against PBZ in 2023 was higher than in 2022. In the 
central part of 2023, close to the end of the limitation period for filling compensation claims based on

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
the invalidity of the "currency clause" (June 2023), there was an increase in new lawsuits with respect 
to the previous trend, which fell off significantly at the end of the year. At the end of 2023, the total 
pending cases amounted to few thousand. 
Dispute with the foreign subsidiary Banca Intesa Beograd (Serbia) 
The following are areas of mass disputes that have impacted the entire Serbian banking system, as 
detailed below. 
1. 
Processing fees 
Legal dispute regarding processing fees applied by banks at the time of disbursing loans. The 
claimants, individuals and legal persons, are requesting the repayment of those charges, as they 
are deemed as not owed. The first claims arose in 2017, and a significant increase in lawsuits 
was recorded in the following years, though for modest amounts on average. At the end of 
2023, Banca Intesa Beograd had been summoned in around 15,200 lawsuits deemed as having 
a possible or likely risk (at the end of 2022, these amounted to around 18,600); the related total 
amounts of principal requested to be repaid by the Bank came to around €0.96 million. In 
September 2021, the Supreme Court of Serbia recognised the legitimacy of the costs and fees 
applied to loans at the time of their disbursement, provided they are indicated in the contract 
proposal.  
In 2023 there was a further significant reduction in the flows of new disputes. Most of the 
lawsuits closed during the year were either won by the Bank or abandoned by the plaintiffs. 
2. 
NKOSK 
Legal dispute relating to real estate loans insured through the National Housing Loan Insurance 
Corporation ("NKOSK"), whose premium is paid by the borrowers. The borrowers deem that, 
as Banca Intesa Beograd is the beneficiary of the insurance, the premium should be paid by 
Banca Intesa Beograd.  
At the end of 2023, Banca Intesa Beograd had been summoned in 1,155 lawsuits deemed as 
having possible or likely risk (at the end of 2022, these amounted to around 1,100); the related 
total amounts of principal requested to be repaid by the Bank came to around 1.1 million euro. 
In September 2021, the Supreme Court of Serbia recognised the legitimacy of requiring the 
insurance premium to be paid by the borrowers, provided that the obligation is clearly 
described to the borrowers during precontractual procedures. Most of the disputes closed 
during 2023 were either won by the Bank or abandoned by the plaintiffs. 
Ruling of the EU Court of Justice of 11 September 2019 on credit agreements for consumers in 
the so-called Lexitor ruling 
This strand of litigation relating to consumer credit concerns the reimbursement of unearned charges 
following the termination of loan agreements (specifically, application costs and fees paid to 
intermediaries). There were also a significant number of disputes ongoing in the period before the Court 
of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU") Lexitor ruling concerning contracts (referred to as "old 
contracts") entered into before the transposition of the Consumer Credit Directive 2008/48/EC by 
Legislative Decree no. 141 of 2010, which does not make a clear distinction between recurring and up-
front charges. 
There was a new increase in this strand of litigation following the "Lexitor" ruling of 11 September 
2019, in Case C-383/18, in which the CJEU interpreted Article 16(1) of the Consumer Credit Directive,

--- Page 330 ---
330
establishing that, in the event of an early repayment of credit, the customer is entitled to a proportional 
reduction in the total cost of the credit, including not only the recurring costs, but also the up-front costs 
incurred by the customer. 
In Italy, the rule introduced by Directive 2008/48/EC was transposed by Article 125-sexies of the 
Consolidated Law on Banking. 
This rule had always been interpreted, both in the provisions and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, 
by the relevant case law and by the Italian Banking and Financial Ombudsman (ABF), to the effect that 
contracts had to distinguish between up-front and recurring charges, and when this distinction was 
clear, only the latter were recognised as reimbursable. 
In light of the Lexitor ruling, the Bank of Italy issued a communication on 4 December 2019, which 
contained "guidance" consistent with the principle established by the CJEU, to the effect that all costs 
(therefore including up-front costs) should be included in the charges to be reimbursed in the event of 
early repayment, both for new relationships and for the termination of existing relationships. 
Intesa Sanpaolo has decided to follow the Bank of Italy "guidance", even though it believes that the 
legal arguments set out above regarding the fact that Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on 
Banking cannot be interpreted in a manner that complies with the Lexitor ruling are well founded. A 
provision has therefore been made in the Allowance for Risks and Charges corresponding to the 
estimated higher charges resulting from the decision to follow the Bank of Italy "guidance". 
The case law in this regard was still uncertain. 
In this context, the Italian legislation was changed, in order to protect the legitimate expectations of 
intermediaries, by amending Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on Banking. Specifically, for 
contracts entered into after the conversion of the decree (25 July 2021), it stipulated that the cost 
reduction criterion laid down in the Lexitor ruling should be applied. At the same time, the legislation 
established that, for contracts prior to that date, the regime previously in force would continue to apply, 
namely that arising from the original wording of Article 125-sexies of the Consolidated Law on 
Banking, as well as the "Bank of Italy's transparency and supervisory provisions in force at the date the 
contracts were signed" (Article 11-octies, paragraph 2). 
By ruling no. 263 of 22 December 2022, the Constitutional Court examined the question of 
constitutionality concerning the "Lexitor amendment" raised by the Court of Turin by order issued on 2 
November 2021, in a case brought against another intermediary specialised in the salary-backed loans, 
in a lawsuit for the restitution of up-front costs not reimbursed upon early repayment. Specifically, the 
Court dismissed the detailed arguments in support of the constitutionality of the legislation set out in 
the intermediary's brief and, instead, expressly established "the unconstitutionality of Article 11 octies, 
paragraph 2, of Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, converted with amendments into Law no. 106 of 
23 July 2021, limited to the words 'and the secondary rules contained in the Bank of Italy's transparency 
and supervisory provisions'. As a result, following the Constitutional Court's ruling, the Lexitor ruling 
is again fully applicable to contracts entered into before 25 July 2021. 
In light of the ruling of the Constitutional Court, the Bank made an estimate of the potential charge 
connected with the effects of the partial declaration of unconstitutionality of Article 11 octies, 
paragraph 2 of Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021, making a specific provision to the allowance for 
risks and charges. 
On 9 February 2023, the European Court of Justice, within proceedings originating from a reference for 
a preliminary ruling from the Austrian Supreme Court, ruled on the applicability of the Lexitor 
principle to mortgage lending to consumers. The Austrian Court asked the European Court of Justice 
whether Directive 2014/17 on mortgage lending to consumers precluded national legislation providing

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
that the right of the consumer to a reduction in the total cost of the credit in the event of early 
repayment of the credit covers only interest and costs that are dependent on the duration of the 
agreement. The Court declared that Directive 2014/17 does not preclude such legislation. 
According to the Court, that right to reduction does not, therefore, include costs which, irrespective of 
the duration of the agreement, are payable by the consumer to either the creditor or third parties for 
services previously rendered in their entirety at the time of early repayment (such as processing and 
appraisal fees). 
The decision rekindled the debate, also in case law, on the Italian Constitutional Court's ruling and on 
the effective significance of the Lexitor principle for consumer credit, without this having as yet led to a 
change in case law. 
Lastly, in relation to consumer credit, the text of the new Directive (2023/2225/EU) was published in 
the EU Official Journal on 31 October 2023, with a deadline of 20 November 2025 for the adoption of 
the transposition legislation by the Member States. 
Italian Antitrust Authority proceedings and representative action of the consumer association 
"Associazione Movimento Consumatori" against Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank 
In November 2023, the Italian Antitrust Authority (AGCM) announced the initiation of proceedings 
against Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank aimed at verifying the existence of an unfair commercial practice 
regarding the transfer of relationships of around 2.4 million "predominantly digital" customers from 
Intesa Sanpaolo to Isybank as part of a transfer of business lines, with the accompanying unilateral 
amendment of the transferred contracts. The transfer of the first business line had already been made on 
16 October 2023, while the transfer of the second business line was scheduled for 18 March 2024.   
According to the arguments made by the Authority, among other things, the communication sent to the 
customers concerned was inadequate and the manner and timing of its distribution was not 
commensurate with the importance of the matter addressed.   
In November 2023, the AGCM ordered the suspension, on a precautionary basis, of the commercial 
practice considered unfair.   
In December 2023, Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank filed a report containing the measures envisaged to 
comply with the precautionary measure.  
In December 2023, the two banks also submitted a proposal of commitments to the AGCM, detailing 
what they had already outlined in the report of compliance with the precautionary measure, for the 
purpose of reaching a positive conclusion of the proceedings.   
In March 2024, the two banks submitted an addition to the proposal of commitments to the AGCM 
containing further measures in favour of the customers concerned.   
The proposed commitments – most of which already implemented – specifically envisage:  
• 
providing to the customers involved in the operation suitable disclosure: i) on the banking 
services that are unavailable in Isybank (though, instead, are available in Intesa Sanpaolo); ii) 
on the main elements, terms and conditions of the Isybank offering;  
• 
notifying customers whose accounts were included in the first business line that, up to 31 
December 2026, they can open a new account with Intesa Sanpaolo at better conditions than 
those applied before the transfer to Isybank;

--- Page 332 ---
332
• 
with regard to customers whose accounts are potentially included in the second business line, 
transferring to Isybank only the accounts of customers who have granted their "express 
consent".  
By way of order dated 11 June 2024, the Authority accepted the commitments proposed by the two 
Banks, rendering them binding. The proceedings concluded, thus, without imposing a fine.  
Also with regard to the above-mentioned operation, the consumer association "Associazione 
Movimento Consumatori" brought a representative action against Intesa Sanpaolo and Isybank (with a 
petition served in January 2024) before the Court of Turin for alleged "violations of the collective 
interests of consumers".   
The association asked the Court to prohibit the use of the new clauses in the transferred contracts, 
without the consent of the consumers, and the prohibition of the repetition of the unlawful conduct, as 
well as the adoption of appropriate measures to eliminate or reduce the effects of the violations if the 
unlawful conduct is confirmed.   
The two banks filed their defence briefs, contesting the arguments of the Associazione Movimento 
Consumatori – with detailed reasons both on the merits and from a procedural perspective – and 
requesting the rejection of the claims in consideration of the measures (outlined above) taken in the 
meantime in favour of the customers within the AGCM proceedings.   
On 27 May 2024, the two Banks and the Associazione Movimento Consumatori entered into a 
settlement agreement which settled the dispute.   
In execution of the settlement, on 29 May 2024, the Associazione Movimento Consumatori filed at the 
Court the petition to withdraw the claim and proceedings, asking for the discontinuance of action. On 
the same date, the two Banks accepted the petition to withdraw the claim and, at the following hearing 
of 31 May, the proceedings were declared discontinued 
Italian Antitrust Authority proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute 
In May 2023, the AGCM initiated proceedings against Intesa Sanpaolo RBM Salute ("ISP RBM") for 
alleged unfair business practices, purported to have been adopted from January 2023, aimed at 
hindering the exercise of consumers' rights arising from the contractual relationship, leading them to 
give up financial and welfare benefits provided by the insurance coverage held by them.  
In its communication dated 15 February 2024, the Authority issued its conclusions on the preliminary 
findings, based on which it upheld the claims made in the decision to initiate proceedings and also 
considered that the unfair business practice was still ongoing.  
ISP RBM submitted a defence brief, in which it highlighted, among other things, the strategic and 
operational measures it had already taken prior to the commencement of the proceedings and the further 
improvements these measures had brought to the service levels provided to the policyholders.  
With order dated 20 May 2024, the AGCM ruled that ISP RBM’s conduct constituted an ongoing 
unfair business practice, prohibiting its dissemination or continuation, and imposing an administrative 
fine of €2.5 million.  
On 19 July 2024, ISP RBM submitted an appeal to the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, requesting 
the annulment of the administrative.  
On 2 August 2024, ISP RBM submitted the plan to the AGCM for complying with the ban on 
continuing the prohibited conduct.  
On 22 October 2024, the Authority informed ISP RBM that it had acknowledged the documentation

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
submitted regarding the measures adopted as compliance. 
Disputes arising from the acquisition of certain assets, liabilities and legal relationships of Banca 
Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in compulsory administrative liquidation and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
compulsory administrative liquidation. 
By order no. 35820 of 21 December 2023, issued in a dispute falling within the Excluded Disputes, the 
Court of Cassation expressly dealt for the first time with the matter of the Bank's liability for the 
misselling of shares of the Venetian Banks at the former parent companies. 
The Court ruled out the Bank's liability in relation to the compensation claim, attributing the complaint 
to the marketing of shares/breach of regulations on investment services, envisaged as an exemption by 
Article 3, paragraph 1, letter b) of Law Decree no. 99/2017. 
In January 2018, as part of a criminal proceeding before the Court of Rome for the alleged market 
rigging and obstructing the Supervisory Authorities in the performance of their functions with respect 
to officers and executives of Veneto Banca, the preliminary hearing judge decided that Intesa Sanpaolo 
could be charged with civil liability assuming that the exclusion from the sale to Intesa Sanpaolo of the 
debts, responsibilities and liabilities deriving from the sale of shares and subordinated bonds – 
envisaged by Law Decree 99/2017 – would not be objectionable by third parties, while Article 2560 of 
the Italian Civil Code would be applicable in the case in question and Intesa Sanpaolo should therefore 
take on those liabilities. 
As a result of this decision, more than 3,800 civil plaintiffs holding Veneto Banca shares or 
subordinated bonds joined the proceedings. Intesa Sanpaolo then filed an appearance requesting that it 
be excluded from the proceedings. In turn, Veneto Banca in compulsory administrative liquidation 
intervened voluntarily affirming its exclusive, substantial and procedural capacity to be sued. 
In March 2018, the preliminary hearing judge declared his lack of territorial jurisdiction, transferring 
the files to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso. The charge of civil liability and the joinders of the 
civil parties were therefore removed. 
After the case documents were forwarded to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Treviso, the former 
Managing Director of Veneto Banca, Vincenzo Consoli, was committed to trial for the offences of 
market-rigging, obstructing banking supervisory authorities and financial reporting irregularities. 
The Judge for the Preliminary Hearing rejected the motion to authorise the summons of Intesa Sanpaolo 
as civilly liable party. 
A similar motion was rejected in the criminal proceedings before the Court of Vicenza against 
management board members and key function holders and executives of Banca Popolare di Vicenza. 
Andrea Abbà and 207 
This is a dispute pending before the Court of Milan, Business Section, initiated in 2019 by Mr. Abbà 
and 207 subordinated bondholders of Banca delle Marche27. The claimants seek a declaration voiding 
the bonds and compensation for the damages suffered. The claim was quantified at around €31 million. 
The bank filed its appearance, objecting that it lacked the capacity to be sued, arguing in particular that 
the bonds in question were outside the scope of the sale by the Bridge Entity to the former UBI Banca. 
The former UBI Banca also argued that the claimant's claims had become time barred and that the 
opposing parties lacked capacity, since they were not the "first borrowers" and thus by law were not 
 
27 
See the previous note.

--- Page 334 ---
334
entitled to claim that the original bonds were inherently flawed. Finally, the lack of grounds to void the 
bonds and of evidence of the causal relationship between the bank's conduct at issue and the damages 
was underscored. 
As the manager of the National Resolution Fund, the Bank of Italy intervened in the proceedings, 
upholding the arguments and conclusions formulated by the former UBI Banca. 
In the course of the proceedings, settlement agreements were reached with 164 plaintiffs, with 
withdrawal of the lawsuit by those parties and with each party bearing their own costs. At present, 
therefore, the value of the dispute has been reduced to €12.09 million as a result of the agreements 
reached. In procedural terms, the proceedings are still at the preliminary enquiry stage. 
Città Metropolitana di Roma capitale (formerly, Provincia di Roma) 
Criminal proceedings are pending before the Rome Public Prosecutor's Office against a former Banca 
IMI manager for co-commission of aggravated fraud against the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital 
(formerly the Province of Rome). 
The proceedings relate to the overall transaction for the purchase by the local authority, through the real 
estate fund Fondo Immobiliare Provincia di Roma (fully owned by the Province of Rome), of the new 
EUR premises. 
The real-estate transaction received financing of €232 million from UniCredit, BNL and Banca IMI 
(each with 1/3). 
The former Banca IMI employee is accused of having misled – with three other managers of the two 
other lending banks, seven managers of the asset management company that manages the provincial 
fund and two public officials – the fund's internal control bodies and representatives of the Province, 
allowing the lending banks to obtain an unjust profit and thus causing significant damages to the public 
authority. In addition, the Public Prosecutor claims that the lending banks and the Fund entered into a 
loan under different, more burdensome conditions than those provided for in the call for tenders held by 
the public entity for the transaction. 
Intesa Sanpaolo (as the company that merged Banca IMI by incorporation) is investigated in the 
criminal proceeding pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 together with the other two lending banks 
and the real-estate fund management company. 
By order dated 27 June 2022, which became final in December, the Public Prosecutor's Office ordered 
the dismissal of the proceedings against the Bank, and by order of 30 May 2023, the Preliminary 
Investigation Judge also ordered the dismissal of the proceedings against the former manager of Banca 
IMI. The proceeding is now fully dismissed. 
Disputes regarding tax-collection companies 
In the context of the government's decision to re-assume responsibility for tax collection, Intesa 
Sanpaolo sold to Equitalia S.p.A, now the Italian Revenue Agency - Collections Division, full 
ownership of Gest Line and ETR/ESATRI, companies that managed tax-collection activities, 
undertaking to indemnify the buyer against any expenses associated with the collection activity carried 
out up to the time of purchase of the equity investments. 
In particular, such expenses refer to liabilities for disputes with tax authorities, taxpayers and 
employees and out-of-period expenses and capital losses with respect to the financial situation at the 
time of the sale. 
Overall, claims of around €74.9 million were made, later reduced to around €74.6 million, which were 
resolved by amicable settlement in the second quarter of 2023.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
Isoldi Holding Bankruptcy 
The Isoldi Holding Bankruptcy receiver sued the former UBI Banca (which absorbed Nuova Banca 
Etruria and Centrobanca), Intesa Sanpaolo and five other banks in June 2020, before the Court of 
Bologna, claiming that they were liable, jointly and severally with the management body of Isoldi 
Holding, for a series of acts of diversion of assets that are claimed to have contributed to the company's 
artificial survival in the period June 2011 – June 2013, due to conduct claimed to have been 
implemented by preparing a turnaround plan pursuant to Article 67, para. 3, letter d), of the Bankruptcy 
Law based on unlawful acts and a connected agreement governing the disbursement of new finance, 
acts that are argued to have artificially deferred the company's crisis and concealed the irreversibility of 
its default. 
The Isoldi Bankruptcy Receiver also formulated a joint claim against Intesa Sanpaolo (prior to the 
incorporation of UBI Banca) and MPS, claiming their liability, jointly with the Sole Director of Isoldi 
Holding, for allegedly unlawful conduct connected with the bail-in of Aedes, in which Isoldi Holding 
was interested in taking over the majority shareholding. 
Intesa Sanpaolo and the former UBI Banca filed regular appearances and the assigned Court, with an 
order dated 1 July 2021, declared that it lacked jurisdiction. The opposing party resumed the 
proceedings, submitting the same claims before the Court of Turin and the Bank duly filed an 
appearance. At the hearing in February 2023, set for the admission of evidence, the judge reserved the 
right to decide on the preliminary objections. 
In the meantime, a third company filed an application for a bankruptcy arrangement, which was then 
endorsed. Having lifted the reservation, the judge appointed an expert panel to carry out the technical 
appraisal aimed at identifying both the existence and the amount of the damage claimed, which 
therefore cannot yet be determined. Having completed the formalities for the start of the appraisal 
work, the judge postponed the examination of the witnesses to October 2024 and the examination of the 
technical appraisal report to 16 January 2025. 
Nuova Casar 
This involves a legal action brought in 2002 against the Bank to obtain payment of around €7.2 million 
plus interest by Nuova Casar, in its capacity as the transferee of the credit from a mortgage loan of 
€11.3 million from 1991 provided by Sanpaolo di Torino to Finedilturistica (which became insolvent in 
1997), with the credit secured by a mortgage and an independent guarantee issued by Banco di Napoli 
(now Intesa Sanpaolo) and two other banks, each covering up to 25%. 
At first instance, the case ended in 2013 with the Naples Court rejecting Nuova Casar’s claim, on the 
grounds that the guarantee issued by Banco di Napoli was null and void due to the invalidity of the loan 
granted by Sanpaolo di Torino.  
The decision was appealed by the counterparty before the Naples Court of Appeal, which in 2023 
referred the case back for a technical accounting appraisal, following which negotiations for a 
settlement commenced and were concluded in the first ten days of October 2024. 
Società Italiana per le Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. under Extraordinary Administration 
By writ of summons of 23 December 2022, Società Italiana per le Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. (in the 
following, "Condotte", admitted to the "Marzano" proceedings by way of Italian Ministerial Decree of 
6 August 2018) asked the Court of Rome to order compensation for damages in the amount of € 389.3 
million (or a different amount that will arise during the proceedings), in addition to monetary 
revaluation, legal interest and expenses. The claim has been filed, jointly, against Intesa Sanpaolo (also 
as the merging company of Mediocredito Italiano, Banca IMI and UBI Banca, as well as "the purchaser

--- Page 336 ---
336
of" Veneto Banca and Banca Popolare di Vicenza), the members of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board of Condotte and numerous other banks and factoring companies. The claim is based 
on the alleged conduct engaged in for various reasons by the defendants, considered a source of harm to 
the company's assets and its creditors. Specifically, the banks and factoring companies are allegedly 
liable for having unlawfully granted to and/or maintained credit for Condotte, thereby contributing to 
the continuation of its business at a loss and the worsening of its default. 
At the first hearing in September 2023 the proceedings were interrupted due to the death of the defence 
counsel of one of the defendants. The new hearing, following the resumption, was set for April 2024. 
As things stand, it is not possible to estimate the risk attributable to Intesa Sanpaolo, also taking 
account of the different conduct claimed against the numerous defendants. Condotte has also promoted 
against Intesa Sanpaolo three bankruptcy revocatory actions before the Court of Rome, with a request 
to reimburse amounts of around €16 million two of which were settled through favourable settlement 
agreements. In relation to the remaining revocatory action, which is still pending, concerning a claim of 
around €3 million, the Bank raised an objection of invalidity due to the vagueness of the opposing 
claim. 
Fondazione Cassa Risp. di Pesaro 
In 2018, the Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro (the "Pesaro Foundation") brought a 
compensation claim against the former UBI Banca (as the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer 
Banca delle Marche28) and PwC (the independent auditors that certified the financial statements and the 
figures presented in the prospectus relating to the 2012 capital increase of Banca delle Marche) alleging 
that the defendants published data and information regarding the financial performance and the income 
outlooks of Banca delle Marche that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This 
information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and 
included in the above mentioned prospectus, is claimed to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the 
bank's shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares then fell to 
zero, resulting in a loss quantified by the opposing party at around €52 million. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by 
UBI, by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the resolution procedure for 
Banca delle Marche. 
The Court of Milan, in a ruling published in May 2023, having ascertained and declared the lack of 
capacity to be sued of Intesa Sanpaolo, as the company that absorbed UBI, rejected the Pesaro 
Foundation's claim and ordered that each party pay its own legal fees. 
The Pesaro Foundation appealed the first instance ruling before the Court of Appeal of Milan and the 
first hearing has been set for October 2024.  
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi 
In January 2016, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Jesi (the "Jesi Foundation") brought a 
compensation claim against UBI Banca (as the alleged successor-in-interest to the issuer Banca delle 
Marche29) and PwC (the independent auditors that certified the financial statements and the figures 
presented in the prospectus relating to the 2012 capital increase of Banca delle Marche) alleging that 
the defendants published data and information regarding the financial performance and the income 
outlooks of Banca delle Marche that later proved to be totally incorrect and misleading. This 
information, contained in the financial statements as at 31 December 2010 and 30 June 2011 and 
 
28 
See the previous note. 
29 
See the previous note.

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
included in the above mentioned prospectus, is claimed to have led the Foundation to subscribe for the 
bank's shares issued as part of the capital increase in March 2012. The value of these shares then fell to 
zero, resulting in a loss quantified at around €25 million by the opposing party. 
During the trial the Bank of Italy joined the suit, upholding the lack of capacity to be sued invoked by 
the former UBI Banca, by virtue of the provisions of Legislative Decree 180/2015 governing the 
resolution procedure for Banca delle Marche. 
By judgment rendered on 18 March 2020, the Court of Ancona granted the objection of lack of capacity 
to be sued raised by the bank, rejecting the Jesi Foundation's claims lodged. In the appeal brought by 
the Jesi Foundation, the Court of Appeal of Ancona, by judgment filed on 17 July 2023, rejected the 
appeal and upheld the first instance judgment, ordering the appellant to pay the costs of the proceedings 
to Intesa Sanpaolo, as the absorbing company of UBI Banca. The Jesi Foundation challenged the 
second instance ruling before the Court of Cassation with an appeal submitted in February 2024. 
Auditors Italiana S.r.l. in compulsory administrative liquidation 
In October 2023, the fiduciary and audit company Auditors Italiana S.r.l. in compulsory administrative 
liquidation brought an action for damages against Intesa Sanpaolo (as the absorbing company of UBI 
Banca, which had previously acquired Nuova Banca dell'Etruria e del Lazio30) for alleged damages of 
over €32 million. According to the reconstruction by the plaintiff, those damages arose from 
wrongdoings committed by the former Banca Popolare dell'Etruria e del Lazio in relation to a current 
account in its name, which facilitated the diversion of sums to the detriment of the trustees and of the 
company, leading to its financial distress and consequent compulsory administrative liquidation. 
The Bank filed an appearance in the proceedings, preliminarily asserting (i) its lack of capacity to be 
sued and (ii) the expiry of the limitation period, in addition to submitting a series of defence arguments 
on the merits. The first hearing has been set for March 2024. 
Armonia SPV S.r.l. 
At the end of May 2024, Armonia SPV S.r.l. issued a formal notice claiming damages of around €98 
million, plus arrears interest, additional damages and costs, alleging the non-existence of certain 
receivables purchased from UBI Factor (now Intesa Sanpaolo), which were subject to legal proceedings 
at the time of the 2019 sale. The Bank responded to the notice by sending a communication rejecting 
the claims in full, and to date, no responses have been received. 
Azienda Agricola Turelli S.S. Soc. Agricola 
In 2017, as party of an objection to an order to pay obtained by ISP to recover its credit, Azienda 
Agricola Turelli S.S. and its members Attilio and Laura Turelli filed a counterclaim for compensation 
for damages quantified at a total of around €20 million, for alleged breach of the obligations of good 
faith and contractual fairness. 
In August 2023, the Court of Brescia rejected the objection and the claim for compensation for 
damages, ordering the opponents to pay the legal fees to ISP. In the meantime, the credit covered by the 
order to pay was subject to two subsequent assignments. 
In February 2024 the opponents lodged an appeal against the first instance ruling, with an initial 
hearing in September 2024. 
The Bank appeared before the Court. The following parties also appeared: 
 
30 
See the previous note.

--- Page 338 ---
338
− the second assignee, which also requested that ISP and/or the first assignee (its assignor) be ordered 
to return the price paid to purchase the credit, or to compensate for the (not specifically quantified) 
damages, 
as 
well 
as 
to 
hold 
it 
harmless 
and/or 
indemnified 
from 
any 
claim 
for 
reimbursement/compensation that may be recognised against the appellant, though it had not concluded 
any contracts with the Bank; 
− the first assignee of the credit. 
SIM Bankruptcy 
By writ of summons served in October 2022, the receiver to SIM S.p.A. summoned Intesa Sanpaolo 
(along with another 7 banks) before the Court of Catania, with the first hearing scheduled for 31 March 
2023. 
This is a compensation claim brought for damages allegedly suffered by the company and its creditors 
due to conduct by the banks defined by the opposing party as "unlawful", which allegedly resulted in 
the unlawful granting of credit. 
The claim for damages has been quantified at around €47 million, requesting that the defendant banks 
be jointly ruled against. 
The Bank argued in Court lack of legal standing of the receiver and expiry of the limitation period, 
among other things, in addition to contesting the factual and legal grounds of the opposing party's 
claims, with a series of defence arguments on the merits. The President of the Court did not consider 
that the conditions had been met for the joinder of the action with another action brought by the 
receiver pursuant to Article 146 of the Bankruptcy Law against the directors of the bankrupt company 
SIM S.p.A. 
The Judge therefore ordered the continuation of the proceedings. 
Offering of diamonds 
In October 2015, the Bank signed a partnership agreement with Diamond Private Investment ("DPI") 
governing how diamond offerings were made by DPI to the customers of Intesa Sanpaolo. The aim of 
this initiative was to provide customers with a diversification solution with the characteristics of a "safe 
haven asset" in which to allocate a marginal part of their assets over the long-term. Diamonds had 
already been sold for several years by other leading national banking networks. 
This recommendation activity was carried out primarily in 2016, with a significant decline starting from 
the end of that year. A total of around 8,000 customers purchased diamonds, for a total amount of over 
€130 million. The marketing process was based on criteria of transparency, with safeguards 
progressively enhanced over time, including quality controls on the diamonds and the fairness of the 
prices applied by DPI. 
In 2017, the AGCM instituted proceedings to verify the conduct in breach of the provisions on unfair 
business practices against the companies that sold diamonds (DPI and another company) and the banks 
that recommended the services of those companies. At the end of those proceedings, the AGCM issued 
penalties as a result of verifying that the conduct of DPI and the banks breached the Consumer Code.   
The Authority issued a fine of €3 million against Intesa Sanpaolo, reduced from the initial fine of €3.5 
million, after the Authority had recognised the value of the measures taken by the Bank since 2016 to 
strengthen the safeguards on the offering process.   
Intesa Sanpaolo filed an appeal at the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, which rejected the appeal 
in November 2022. The Bank then filed an appeal at the Council of State, which, in a ruling of March 
2024, rejected the appeal and upheld the penalty measure.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
The judgment of the Council of State became final and rendered the penalty final. 
From November 2017, the Bank: 
– 
terminated the partnership agreement with DPI and ceased the activity, which had already 
been suspended in October 2017; 
– 
started a process that provides for the payment to customers of the original cost incurred for 
the purchase of the diamonds and the withdrawal of the stones, in order to satisfy the 
customers' resale needs which, due to the illiquidity that had arisen in the market, are not met 
by DPI; and 
– 
sent a communication in January 2018 to the diamond-holding customers reiterating the nature 
of the stones as durable goods, and also confirming the Bank's willingness to intervene directly 
in relation to any realisation needs expressed by the customers and not met by DPI. 
In 2023, 36 requests were received for around €0.5 million. At the end of the year, a total of 6,890 
repurchase requests had been received from customers and met by the Bank, for a total value of €116.9 
million 
In February 2019, an order for preventive criminal seizure of €11.1 million was served, corresponding 
to the fee and commission income paid by DPI to the Bank. The preliminary investigations initiated by 
the Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan also concern four other banks (with more involved) and two 
companies that sell diamonds. In October 2019, the notice of conclusion of the investigation was 
served, which stated that two of the Bank's operators were currently under investigation for alleged 
aggravated fraud (in collusion with other parties to be identified) and other persons are being identified 
for allegations of self-laundering, while ISP is being charged with the administrative offence pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 in relation to this latter predicate offence. 
In reaction to the latter claims, in July 2021, the hearing was held, in which the Preliminary 
Investigation Judge accepted the plea bargain request which Intesa Sanpaolo had submitted solely to 
bring to an end the lengthy legal proceedings and which had been supported by the Public Prosecutor's 
Office – issuing a ruling which ordered only a financial penalty of €100,000, and the confiscation of 
only the sums constituting the profit from the offence of self-laundering, calculated at €61,000. 
Following the partial transfer of the proceedings to the Court of Rome, for reasons of territorial 
jurisdiction in August 2022 the revocation of the preventive seizure ordered in February 2019 regarding 
the profit from the alleged crime of fraud was served, with full restitution to the Bank of the amount of 
around €11 million. 
In January 2023 the filing was confirmed of the request to dismiss the case against the two relationship 
managers under investigation, on the grounds of "the act not constituting an offence". The request for 
dismissal was also made in respect of two other employees, on the grounds of "not having committed 
the act", as no evidence against them had emerged during the investigation. The Preliminary 
Investigation Judge ordered, with ruling dated 9 April 2024, the dismissal of the case against the two 
ISP relationship managers under investigation, on the grounds of "the act not constituting an offence", 
thus rendering the proceedings fully closed. 
Private banker (Sanpaolo Invest SIM, incorporated into its parent company Fideuram - Intesa 
Sanpaolo Private Banking) 
An inspection conducted by the audit function identified serious irregularities by a private banker of the 
former Sanpaolo Invest SIM. The checks carried out revealed serious irregularities affecting several 
customers, including misappropriation of funds and reports with false incremental amounts. On 28 June

--- Page 340 ---
340
2019, the company terminated the agency agreement with the private banker and reported the findings 
to the Public Prosecutor's Office of Parma and the Supervisory Authority for financial advisors, which 
first suspended and then removed the private banker from the Register of Financial Advisors in 
December 2019. 
Following the unlawful actions, the company received a total of 279 compensation claims (including 
complaints, mediation proceedings and lawsuits), for a total amount of approximately €62.9 million, 
mostly based on alleged embezzlement, losses due to disavowed transactions in financial instruments, 
false account statements and the debiting of fees relating to advisory service. As at 31 December 2023 
there were 14 pending claims, with a present value of approximately €7 million, following the 
resolution of 265 positions. 
The total amount of €8.6 million was recovered from the improperly credited customers (and already 
returned to the customers harmed) and there are currently attachment orders, on these customers, for 
around €1 million. 
Within the criminal proceedings against the former private banker for fraud, embezzlement and theft 
aggravated by fraudulent means and misuse of professional position, at the preliminary hearing in 
November 2023, Fideuram joined the action as a civil plaintiff together with other aggrieved customers, 
who requested that Fideuram be summoned as a civilly liable party. 
A precautionary attachment was ordered against the private banker for an amount equal to the balance 
found in the accounts and deposits held with credit institutions and the social-security position with 
Enasarco. In the ensuing case on the merits, the former private banker filed a counterclaim in the total 
amount of €0.6 million by way of non-payment of indemnity for termination of the relationship. 
Another lawsuit was also brought against former private bankers to recover the claims arising from 
withdrawal from the agency contract, in the total amount of €1.6 million, in addition to interest by way 
of indemnity in lieu of notice, penalty relating to a loan agreement and reimbursement of advances of 
bonuses. 
Adequate provisions have been set aside for the risks associated with the unlawful conduct discussed 
above, mainly for the damages verified relating to compensation claims and pending lawsuits. 
The above provisions do not consider the coverage envisaged by the specific insurance policy in force, 
under which the insurance company has already paid an initial advance of €744,000. 
Litigation against Fideuram concerning investment transactions 
In October 2022, Fideuram - Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking S.p.A. ("Fideuram") was summoned 
before the Court of Naples with a request for: (i) a declaration of the alleged invalidity of the current 
account and investment services master agreement entered into by the plaintiff with Fideuram, the 
consequent invalidity of all the investment transactions carried out and the alleged contractual and non-
contractual liability of the Bank, and, as a result, (ii) an order for the Bank to pay compensation for the 
alleged damages suffered totalling around 29 million euro. 
The Bank duly filed an appearance, contesting the factual and legal validity and admissibility of the 
claims made and confirming the correctness and compliance of its actions with the applicable 
regulations, also in terms of profiling and customer information. 
The first appearance hearing was postponed to April 2024. 
UniCredit against Fideuram on the transfer of private bankers 
In July 2023, Unicredit S.p.A. initiated legal proceedings against Fideuram at the Court of Turin, 
seeking compensation for alleged damage of approximately 23 million euro, plus interest and

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
revaluation. This claim is based on alleged acts of unfair competition by Fideuram, related to the 
resignation of several private bankers from Unicredit during the period 2022-2023, who were 
subsequently employed by Fideuram, as well as alleged unlawful acts committed by those private 
bankers in the course of their transition to the defendant, for which Fideuram is allegedly also liable. 
Fideuram filed an appearance, fully contesting the opposing party claims and requesting the dismissal 
of the petitions on the grounds that they were baseless in both fact and law, also pointing out that the 
situations cited in the proceedings were common in the industry, which is characterised by strong 
competition and mobility of financial advisors, and that Fideuram itself was not immune to this 
phenomenon. 
With regard to the compensation claim, it was fully contested both in terms of its basis and its 
quantification because it had been calculated using inappropriate methods based on a distorted 
representation of the profitability of the assets managed by the parties in dispute. 
Following the first appearance hearing in January 2024, the case was adjourned to April 2024 for the 
preliminary investigations.  
Reyl & Cie (Switzerland) – Proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 of the Public 
Prosecutor's Office of the Court of Milan 
The Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan initiated criminal proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 
231/2001 against Reyl & Cie (a Swiss subsidiary of Fideuram – Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking) for 
the predicate offence of money laundering, allegedly committed by one of its former employees 
(dismissed in 2020), and ordered the seizure of securities owned by Reyl for around €1.1 million. The 
proceedings also involve the Swiss bank Cramer & Cie. Neither Fideuram ISPB nor ISP are currently 
involved in the proceedings. The circumstances alleged relate to events that took place in 2018, before 
Reyl & Cie joined the Intesa Sanpaolo Group in May 2021. According to the prosecution, the former 
employee, together with his brother, an employee of the bank Cramer & Cie, and an external advisor, 
allegedly engaged in practices aimed at facilitating tax evasion by Italian customers through the transfer 
of accounts from Switzerland to branches located in the Bahamas, in order to allow those customers to 
withdraw money from those accounts without the possibility of being traced by the Italian authorities. 
Within the criminal proceedings pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01, pending in Italy, in February 
2024 Reyl & Cie was notified of the indictment of the Bosia brothers, as well as Cramer & Cie and 
Reyl & Cie. In order to avoid a lengthy dispute and without admitting any liability for the 
circumstances alleged, at the hearing of 3 July 2024 the bank filed a petition to apply a financial penalty 
(plea bargain), which was accepted by the Public Prosecutor. At the preliminary hearing on 24 
September 2024, the Judge postponed the hearing to 24 October 2024 to allow the other parties 
involved (Banca Cramer and the Bosia brothers) additional time to reach an agreement with the 
Prosecutor to settle the case. With the other parties having failed to reach an agreement with the 
Prosecutor, at the hearing on 24 October 2024 the Public Prosecutor requested the issuance of an 
indictment order against the Bosia brothers and Banca Cramer. The Judge then deferred the decision to 
the hearing on 4 February 2025 regarding both Reyl’s plea bargain request and the position of the other 
parties involved. 
Although it is possible for Reyl to submit an application to revoke or reduce the attachment order, also 
considering that it was the Swiss company that reported the suspicious transactions to the Authorities, 
the Milan Public Prosecutor's Office has rejected a similar petition made by Banca Cramer. 
Any consequential damages (for possible fines and/or confiscations) could be covered by the various 
warranties provided by the seller, for which a reserve claim was made within the terms of the Reyl 
acquisition agreement.

--- Page 342 ---
342
Lawsuit against two Hungarian subsidiaries of Intesa Sanpaolo 
The lawsuit is connected with a lease agreement terminated by one of the subsidiaries in 2010. In 2011, 
the tenant initiated proceedings in civil court, and in 2021, it supplemented its initial claim, formulating 
new claims and, as a result, increasing the total of the claims to around €31 million. 
In July 2022, the Court rejected all the plaintiff company's claims, finding that it lacked standing. The 
plaintiff filed an appeal against that decision. 
In December 2022, the Court of Appeal partially upheld the opposing party's appeal, ordering one of 
the two defendant companies to pay around €9.5 million. The subsidiary filed an appeal with the 
Supreme Court, which first suspended the execution of the contested judgment and then annulled it, 
upholding the first instance Court's ruling. Subsequently, the plaintiff instituted proceedings before the 
Constitutional Court claiming that the Supreme Court decision violated the principles of the 
Fundamental Charter, and initiated review proceedings before the first instance Court: both proceedings 
have not passed the admissibility screening. 
Against the ruling of inadmissibility made by the first instance Court, counterparty filed an appeal, 
which was rejected by the Court of appeal. 
No further remedies were proposed until the third quarter of 2024; therefore, the Supreme Court's 
ruling has become final. 
IMI/SIR 
With regard to the IMI/SIR dispute you are reminded that following the final judgement in 2006 
establishing the criminal liability of the corrupt judge Metta (and his accomplices Rovelli, Acampora, 
Pacifico, and Previti), the defendants were ordered to pay compensation for damages, with the 
determination of those damages referred to the civil courts. Intesa Sanpaolo then brought a case before 
the Court of Rome to obtain an order of compensation for damages from those responsible. 
In its ruling of May 2015, the Court of Rome quantified the financial and non-financial damages for 
Intesa Sanpaolo and ordered Acampora and Metta – the latter also jointly liable with the Prime 
Minister's Office (pursuant to Law no. 117/1988 on the accountability of the judiciary) – to pay Intesa 
Sanpaolo €173 million net of tax, plus legal interest accruing from 1 February 2015 to the date of final 
payment, plus legal expenses. The amount ordered took account of the amounts received in the 
meantime by the Bank as part of the settlements with the Rovelli family and with the opposing parties 
Previti and Pacifico. 
In July 2016, the Rome Court of Appeal stayed the enforcement of the judgment of first instance with 
respect to the amount in excess of €130 million, in addition to ancillary charges and expenses. As a 
result of this decision, in December 2016 the Office of the President of the Council of Ministers 
credited Intesa Sanpaolo with the sum of €131,173,551.58 (corresponding to the €130 million of the 
order, in addition to legal interest and reimbursement of expenses). To avoid dispute, only the exact 
amount of the order, without applying the gross-up, was demanded and collected. On 16 April 2020, the 
ruling of the Rome Court of Appeal was filed, which essentially upheld the Court's ruling, while 
reducing the sum of non-financial damages to €8 million (compared to €77 million that had been 
awarded by the court of first instance), and set the amount to be paid at €108 million (instead of €173 
million), to be considered net of tax, plus legal interest and expenses. 
In the second quarter of 2020 the Bank filed a petition for the correction of a material error contained in 
the finding regarding the calculation of the damages liquidated; the Court of Appeal rejected the Bank's 
petition by ruling filed on 7 December 2020 holding that the error claimed by the Bank could be 
remedied by means of an appeal before the Court of Cassation. In May 2021, the Bank filed an appeal 
with the Court of Cassation against the Rome Court of Appeal's ruling of 16 April 2020 on the

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
following main grounds: 
a) the reduction to €8 million of the non-financial damages made by the Court of Appeal, 
compared to the €77 million recognised in the first instance ruling was arbitrary and devoid of 
any sound legal or logical reasoning; 
b) even accepting the reduction under point a), the Court made a miscalculation when 
redetermining the amount of total damages That aspect was already the subject of an 
application for material correction filed in 2020, rejected by the Court as it was deemed to be 
an issue that could be remedied through appeal. 
By ruling no. 5682/2023, the Court of Cassation, partially upheld the grounds of appeal filed by 
Acampora and the Prime Minister's Office, overturning the second instance ruling, in relation to the 
claims upheld, and referring the case back to the Rome Court of Appeal for the application of the 
principles of law set forth in the ruling. The outcome differs both from the rulings made at the previous 
instances and from the conclusions, consistent with them, filed on December 2022 by the General 
Prosecutor at the Court of Cassation. 
The Court applied a rule of pre-emption according to which the action for revocation, aimed at 
obtaining the return of the sums unduly paid, should precede the exercise of the action for damages, in 
clear conflict with the principles set out in the criminal proceedings in 2006 according to which the 
independence and dissimilarity of the two actions (the action for damages and the action for 
extraordinary revocation) "rule out any interference between them and place each in its own sector, 
with the only limitation of not allowing the duplication of coinciding outcomes in terms of 
compensation and, therefore, undue enrichment". In addition, it introduced a further and unprecedented 
rule of a procedural nature according to which, without prejudice to the right to obtain lost earnings and 
non-pecuniary damage, in order to claim compensation from the perpetrators of the offence (i.e. 
Acampora, Metta and the Government) for the damage arising, the injured party, Intesa Sanpaolo, must 
prove that it had unsuccessfully enforced its claim against the party benefiting from the corrupt ruling. 
On 19 May 2023, the Bank notified the other parties involved (Metta, the Prime Minister's Office and 
Acampora) of the appeal, requesting: (i) as the main claim, on the merits, the award, in addition to the 
other damages, of the damage arising, subject to correction of the miscalculation made at the time by 
the Rome Court of Appeal, in consideration of the fact that the "prejudicial conditions" set out by the 
Court of Cassation had been met because the Bank had pursued the recovery, both in and out of court, 
of the sums paid to the beneficiary as a result of the revoked ruling. In the event that the main claim is 
not upheld, the Bank requested at least the award of the lost earnings and non-pecuniary damage; (ii) 
subordinately to the merits, a reference for a preliminary ruling to the CJEU pursuant to Article 267 of 
the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) for breach of the Treaty on European 
Union (TEU), highlighting the arbitrary limitation of the right to compensation provided for by the 
Special Law on damages caused by judges in the performance of their duties (Law 117/88) resulting 
from the application of the principles set out by the Court of Cassation in its recent ruling. 
The Prime Minister's Office and Giovanni Acampora filed an appearance in the review proceedings, 
responding to the arguments submitted by the Bank. Following the first hearing, which took place in 
writing on 31 October 2023, the Court declared Vittorio Metta in absentia and adjourned the case for 
closing arguments to 1 October 2024, without ruling on the petitions from the parties. On 11 September 
2024 Giovanni Acampora’s defence counsel submitted a death certificate for his client, resulting in the 
interruption of the proceedings pursuant to Article 300 of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure. The 
Court pronounced the interruption of the proceedings at the hearing on 1 October. The Bank will 
resume the proceedings within three months by summoning Acampora's heirs.

--- Page 344 ---
344
After passing an initial summary examination to ensure that it was not clearly inadmissible, the appeal 
to the European Court of Human Rights (the "ECHR") was declared inadmissible with a very short 
statement of reasons that did not consider the points made in the defences. Considering that the ECHR, 
among its reasons for rejecting the appeal, also mentioned the lack of immediate enforceability of the 
claim because of the pending compensation proceedings before the Court of Appeal, the appeal could 
be submitted again after the entire national legal process has concluded. 
At the end of 2023, the Bank also brought proceedings before the Tax Court to demand the refund of 
€33.2 million, previously paid as withholding tax for overdue interest on the compensation for damages 
under the 1994 ruling paid to Mrs Battistella, as Nino Rovelli’s heir. The Italian Revenue Agency filed 
an appearance on 20 December 2023, arguing that the request for reimbursement was unfounded. 
The First Instance Tax Court of Rome rejected the Bank’s appeal by way of ruling dated 24 April 2024.  
Labour litigation 
In line with the situation as at 31 December 2022, as at 31 December 2023 there were no significant 
cases of labour litigation, from either a qualitative or quantitative standpoint. In general, all labour 
litigation is covered by specific provisions which are adequate to meet any outlays. 
Tax litigation  
The Group's tax litigation risks are covered by adequate provisions to the allowances for risks and 
charges. 
Tax Proceedings related to the Issuer 
As at 30 September 2024, the Parent Company Intesa Sanpaolo had 444 proceedings pending (448 as at 
30 June 2024) for a total amount claimed (taxes, penalties and interest) of €108.3 million (€107 million 
as at 30 June 2024), considering both administrative and judicial proceedings in both the lower and 
higher courts. 
In relation to these proceedings, the actual risks were quantified for Intesa Sanpaolo at €40.7 million as 
at 30 September 2024 (€41.1 million as at 30 June 2024). Compared to 30 June 2024, the main events 
that influenced the increase in the amount claimed (+1.3 million euro) were: 
• 
an increase (€2.8 million), due to: i) new disputes for €0.1 million for municipal property tax 
(IMU) disputes on terminated lease contracts; ii) new disputes for €2.4 million for registration 
tax, of which 2.2 million euro for registration on judicial documents relating to the former 
Banca Apulia position discussed below; iii) new disputes for €0.1 million for mortgage and 
land registry taxes; and iv) accrued interest expenses of €0.2 million; 
• 
a decrease (€1.5 million), due to: i) settlements of disputes regarding registration tax for €1.1 
million concerning the former Banca Apulia position; and ii) settlements of disputes on 
municipal property tax (IMU) on properties from both terminated and current leasing contracts 
for €0.4 million. 
In the three months ended September 30, 2024, 27 disputes were closed at the level of the Issuer for a 
total of €1.5 million with a disbursement of approximately €0.3 million. 
With regard to the Issuer ("ISP") and many Italian subsidiaries, from the end of 2023 to the start of 
2024, ISP, as the incorporating and/or consolidating entity, was served “orders” and “questionnaires” 
by several Regional and Provincial Directorates of the Italian Revenue Agency, relating to the tax 
period 2017. Those documents set out IRES (Corporate Income Tax) claims regarding the tax treatment 
that the Italian companies of the Group applied to the income recognised through profit and loss at the

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
time, against the commitment that the Parent Company unilaterally took on, to hold them harmless 
from the charges that would arise for those companies following the integration into the Group of 
Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, the so called “Venetian Banks” (these were charges for 
IT integration, charges for exit incentives for employees, and charges for the closure/merger of 
branches, etc.). 
In the case in question, the subsidiaries considered IRES inapplicable to that income, while the 
Directorates argued that it should have been taxed. 
During numerous meetings initially held with the Collaborative Compliance Office and subsequently 
with each Directorate, we set out the reasons why the alleged disputes should be considered entirely 
unfounded. 
Lastly, it has been agreed with the Italian Revenue Agency that the contributions due from ISP to the 
companies concerned a) are covered by Article 88, paragraph 3 of the Income Tax Code, and are 
therefore only taxable on a cash basis (in other words only if and to the extent they have been actually 
paid/received, excluding instances where contributions were not made due to the subsequent merger of 
the subsidiary into ISP); and b) are, in any event, only taxable outside the ISP tax consolidation scheme 
(because within the consolidation, the taxation on the subsidiary is matched by a deduction for the 
consolidating parent company). 
Specifically, it was agreed that: 
1. as ISP did not pay any income to the subsidiaries during 2017, no voluntary correction will be 
made for that year; 
2. for subsidiaries merged before the contribution was received, the dispute should be 
permanently abandoned for both the subsidiaries and, correspondingly, for the absorbing 
company ISP; 
3. regarding the subsidiaries that received the contribution during the tax periods from 2018 to 
2022, the intention is to ensure that they include the contribution in the calculation of their 
taxable income in the year it is received, and, in the same year, ISP will deduct the 
corresponding cost for IRES (Corporate Income Tax) and the related surcharge. Operationally, 
this adjustment will be carried out by voluntary correction in accordance with Article 13, 
Legislative Decree 18 December 1997, no. 472, with supplementary tax returns 
“unfavourable” to the subsidiaries and “favourable” to ISP. The regularization for the tax years 
2018-2022 would be completed by 31 December 2024, through responses from the companies 
concerned to specific requests/questionnaires that the Agency’s Directorates are expected to 
start sending shortly. 
The total cost for net taxes, penalties, and interest to settle the position for all the years for the 
companies concerned (including those not part of the ISP Group, namely SEC Servizi and Intrum, 
whose charge will be borne by ISP) is essentially nil at Group level. This is because the costs incurred 
are offset by the benefit to ISP from the ability to deduct for tax purposes not only (i) the additional 
contributions to be paid now to compensate the companies for the tax charge due from them to settle 
the position but also (ii) the contributions paid in the period 2018-2022, for which no DTAs were 
recognised. 
There is a dispute pending in Brazil in relation to the former subsidiary Banco Sudameris Brasil (now 
Banco Santander Brasil), sold in 2003 to ABN AMRO Brasil (now the Santander Group), whose 
economic charge falls on Intesa Sanpaolo due to the commitments entered into with the seller at the

--- Page 346 ---
346
time, which was not established through the Settlement Agreement of 2019 with Banco Santander 
Brasil.  The dispute is known as "PDD1 Dispute" and is based on the issue of taxes on income and 
social security contributions for 1995. 
In 2021, an initial judgement was delivered by the ordinary civil judge in a dispute concerning Banco 
Sudameris Brasil, our former subsidiary.  The judgement, despite acknowledging several of the bank’s 
objections, generally favored the Brazilian tax authorities.  This judgement was subsequently appealed 
and is now awaiting a hearing in the second instance court.  The hearing initially scheduled for 18 
September has been postponed by the court and has been rescheduled for 18 December 2024. The law 
firm representing the bank has submitted a brief memorandum for the hearing. 
The financial risk related to this dispute amounts to €41.6 million, based on the exchange rate as of 
December 2022 (this equates to €35 million as of December 31, 2021).  This figure corresponds to the 
security deposit paid by the bank to engage in civil court proceedings (216 million Brazilian real), 
which is listed as an asset in the balance sheet. 
On 15 July 2024, the Italian Revenue Agency – Provincial Directorate of Bari issued a notice of 
assessment for registration tax of 1.1 million euro related to a 2023 ruling by the Court of Bari. This 
ruling ordered Intesa Sanpaolo, as the successor of Banca Apulia, to pay the Municipality of Bari 18 
million euro, including 1 million euro in interest (based on a guarantee provided by the bank in favour 
of the consortium that carried out the contract for the construction of the San Nicola Stadium in Bari), 
and also ordered the consortium to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo with respect to the ruling. This notice 
was annulled by way of internal review and replaced by a new notice, with amended grounds, served on 
8 August 2024 for an almost identical amount (difference of a few thousand euro). Substantively, the 
claim is considered illegitimate: a) regarding the order for Intesa Sanpaolo to pay the Municipality the 
amount of 18 million euro, based on the guarantee provided, because this involves the application of a 
proportional registration tax (542 thousand euro), whereas it involves a reimbursement of an amount 
paid by the Municipality to the Consortium under the contract, subject to VAT of around 50% and, 
therefore, to a fixed registration tax on the basis of the VAT-registration tax alternativity principle; and 
b) regarding the order for the Consortium to indemnify Intesa Sanpaolo up to the amount of 18 million 
euro, because again this involves the application of a proportional registration tax (542 thousand euro) 
on an amount that also falls within the scope of the contract, for which the Municipality obtained the 
right to restitution from the Consortium by means of a favourable civil ruling, and therefore the grounds 
set out in point a) also apply. Intesa Sanpaolo appealed against this latest notice on 7 November 2024 
(date of appeal filed). 
Tax Proceedings related to Group Companies 
With regard to Group companies, the following developments occurred also during the nine months of 
2024 in the tax proceedings in which we are a party. In all cases, we have determined the amounts not 
to be material and therefore have not made any specific provisions, unless otherwise stated below. 
For Banca Fideuram, as a result of the Bank’s appeal, three lawsuits are pending before the Court of 
Cassation concerning the failure to withhold 27% of the interest accrued in 2009, 2010 and 2011 on 
foreign bank accounts held at Fideuram Bank (Luxembourg) by two "historic" Luxembourg mutual 
funds (Fonditalia and Interfund SICAV), for which Banca Fideuram was only the placement bank and 
correspondent bank in the years in question (total value of the disputes of 9.3 million euro).  
Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking ("ISPB") has long had pending IRES and IRAP disputes relating to 
the deduction (in 2011 and the following years) of the amortisation charge for the goodwill arising from 
the transfers of the private banking business lines of Intesa Sanpaolo and Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì e 
della Romagna in 2009, Banca di Trento e Bolzano and Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze in 2010 and 
Cassa di Risparmio Pistoia e Lucchesia and Cassa di Risparmio dell’Umbria in 2013, realigned by the

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
transferee in accordance with Article 15, paragraph 10, of Law Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008. 
ISPB made use of the settlement of disputes pursuant to Law no. 197 of 29 December 2022 ("2023 
Budget Law"), referred to as the "tax truce" for 5 of the 7 pending disputes. For these years, taking into 
account the payments already made on a provisional basis and the deduction, recognised by the Italian 
Revenue Agency, from the cost of the settlement of the substitute tax of 16% paid at the time, the small 
disbursement resulting from the settlement was considered positive compared to the continuation of a 
lengthy dispute.  
For the disputes still pending, relating to 2012 and 2016, also based on the opinion issued by the 
advisor, the risk of an adverse ruling is classified as "possible", since the lawfulness of realigning the 
tax value of the goodwill newly generated for the transferee – something which in the past was done by 
other Group companies without incurring in tax disputes – has been expressly acknowledged by the 
Italian Revenue Agency in Circular no. 8/E of 2010 and is consistent with the provisions of Article 15, 
paragraph 10 of Law Decree 185/2008. 
On 28 December 2023, Fideuram ISPB Asset Management SGR (hereinafter, Fideuram SGR) 
received from the Italian Revenue Agency – Lombardy Regional Directorate an order to file an 
appearance for 28 December regarding the year 2017 for IRES and IRAP, following the delivery of 
documentation in response to a questionnaire served on 4 August 2023, in order to establish adversarial 
proceedings on the alleged transfer pricing issues arising in relation to the consideration for fees and 
commissions received by Fideuram SGR in delegated manager activities for investment funds 
performed in favour of the Irish associate Fideuram Asset Management Ireland (principal). With 
specific regard to those management fees and commissions, the Agency has repeated the same 
adjustments made for the years 2011 to 2013 (which gave rise to tax settlement proposals for those 
years) as well as for the year 2016, which Fideuram accepted by signing the settlement proposal on 15 
December 2022 and paying the amount due (220 thousand euro) on 20 December 2022. In this order, 
the Agency adjusted Fideuram SGR’s 2017 taxable income upwards by 1.14 million euro, resulting in 
higher IRES and IRAP (plus interest) for a total of around 300 thousand euro. 
As a result of that order, adversarial proceedings were initiated, which resulted in the finalisation of the 
tax settlement proposal on 12 April 2024, which settled the payment of IRES and IRAP of 190 
thousand euro plus interest of 40 thousand euro and, thus, for a total of 230 thousand euro (nothing for 
penalties, given that the transfer pricing documentation had been correctly prepared). 
In May 2023 SIREF Fiduciaria, as the incorporating entity of FIGE Fiduciaria, was served a payment 
notice of a total of 1.1 million euro following an automated check of Form 770/2019 (for the year 2018) 
as the non-recognition of the payments made for Tax on the Value of Insurance Contracts (and the 
related penalty for non-payment plus interest), due to errors in form in filling out the Form 770/2019. 
The Company submitted an appeal before the First Instance Tax Court of Milan, and in the meantime, 
requested and obtained from the Italian Revenue Agency the administrative suspension of the payment 
order. 
By ruling of March 2024, the Court declared the discontinuance of the matter in issue, as a result of the 
removal of the payment order. 
Cargeas Assicurazioni – now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo Protezione – underwent a tax audit by the 
Italian Revenue Agency, Lombardy Regional Directorate, Large Taxpayers Office, aimed at verifying 
the correct application, for the years from 2010 to 2018, of the tax rules on private insurance and life 
annuity contracts pursuant to Italian Law no. 1216 of 29 October 1961.

--- Page 348 ---
348
On 29 November 2023, the former Intesa Sanpaolo Life DAC – an insurance company incorporated 
under Irish law – received a summons from Guardia di Finanza (Italian Tax Police) for clarifications 
regarding tax monitoring requirements. 
Note that Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. (as the incorporating entity of Intesa Sanpaolo Life DAC) 
replied, with communication dated May 2024, to the requests of the Guardia di Finanza (Italian Tax 
Police) of March 2024, requesting the addition to the statements submitted in 2022, solely for the years 
2018-2020 (as the year 2017 had lapsed in the meantime), both for the premiums collected and the 
amounts paid (relating to the insurance benefits provided), with detailed evidence of: year of reference 
and insurance policy numbers; type of transaction, i.e., whether this was a premium initially paid 
(recurring and/or single premium) or an additional premium and, with regard to the insurance benefits, 
whether they were a partial or total surrender or other transactions (thus settlement due to expiry and/or 
due to claims); date and amount of each single transaction; identification of the party (person) 
“monitored”; and any reasons for objective exemption from the notification obligation. In addition, the 
same documentation provided for the years 2017 to 2020 was also requested for the years 2021 and 
2022, accompanied by the same detailed schedules. 
The claims regarding Transfer Pricing on the benefits provided to Eurizon Capital Luxembourg by 
Eurizon Capital SGR S.p.A. ("EC ITA") for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018, which began with a 
questionnaire served to the latter company on 22 December 2022 relating to IRES and IRAP for 2016, 
were settled. 
A similar claim raised for the years 2017 and 2018 against Epsilon SGR S.p.A., which began on 4 
April 2023 with a tax audit by the Italian Revenue Agency – Lombardy Regional Directorate – Large 
Taxpayers Office regarding the year 2017 (then extended also to 2018) concerning direct taxes, IRAP, 
VAT and obligations of tax collection agents, was settled. The claim related to the failure of the cross-
border transaction regarding the service of UCI (Undertaking for Collective Investment) management 
provided by Epsilon to the Luxembourg associate company EC LUX to align with the conditions of 
free competition. 
Action was taken with the Italian Revenue Agency so that the transactions between EC ITA, Epsilon 
SGR and EC LUX were examined in a consistent and coordinated manner. Following numerous 
meetings between the company and the Lombardy Regional Directorate, an agreement was reached on 
the use of the median for 2017 and the first quartile for 2018. 
The proceedings concluded with the signing of the tax settlement agreements for IRES and IRAP on 24 
April 2024 and the payment of the amounts due, which were in line with the provisions previously 
allocated by the subsidiaries in their financial statements as at 31 December 2023, namely: 
− for EC ITA, total provisions of 9.6 million euro for the years 2017 and 2018 (outlay due of 9.7 
million euro), given by the higher IRES and IRAP taxes for 8.1 million euro (previously allocated as at 
30 September 2023) and interest for 1.5 million euro (of which 1.4 million euro previously allocated as 
at 30 September 2023); 
− for Epsilon, total provisions of 4.1 million euro for the years 2017 and 2018, given by the higher 
IRES and IRAP taxes for a total of 3.4 million euro (previously allocated as at 30 September 2023) and 
interest for 700 thousand euro (of which 600 thousand euro previously allocated as at 30 September 
2023). 
For the international subsidiaries, tax disputes as at 30 June 2024 had a low amount, and 70% of their 
risk is covered: they amount to a total of 8 million euro (substantially unchanged on 31 December 
2023), with provisions of 5 million euro (amount also unchanged on 31 December 2023).

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
Changes in regulatory framework 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
CONSOB, the ECB and the European System of Central Banks and is also subject to the authority of 
the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). Certain entities within the Intesa Sanpaolo Group are also 
subject to supervision by the Italian Institute for the Supervision of Insurance and Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A is also subject to rules applicable to it as an issuer of shares listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. 
The banking laws to which the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject govern the activities in which banks 
may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their 
exposure to risk. In addition, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation and regulations may be introduced in 
Italy and the European Union that may affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, including proposed regulatory 
initiatives that could significantly alter the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
"Basel Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level, the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has in place 
specific procedures and internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital 
adequacy, the prevention and detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency 
and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of 
these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, 
which could adversely affect the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's results of operations, business and financial 
condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only 
been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being 
developed. 
The CRD IV Package 
The Basel III framework began to be implemented in the EU from 1 January 2014 through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD 
IV") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with 
the CRD IV, the "CRD IV Package"), Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313. The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V") and, recently, 
by CRD VI and CRR III (both as defined below). Unless otherwise stated in this Base Prospectus, any 
reference to CRD shall be read as referencing to CRD IV, as subsequently amended and reinstated, and 
any reference to CRR, shall be read as referencing to CRR as subsequently amended and reinstated 
from time to time. 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period 
of time (the requirements were largely fully effective by 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the EU Banking Reform 
Package (as defined below) are provided in the paragraph "Revisions to the CRD IV Package" below.

--- Page 350 ---
350
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented, in Luxembourg, by the CSSF Regulation N°18-03 on the 
implementation of certain discretions contained in the CRR and implementing Guideline (EU) 
2017/697 of the ECB of 4 April 2017 on the exercise of options and discretions available in Union law 
by national competent authorities in relation to less significant institutions and by technical regulatory 
and execution rules relating to the CRD IV and the CRR published through delegated regulations of the 
European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. The CRD IV was implemented in Luxembourg by 
the Luxembourg act of 23 July 2015 amending, among others, the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on 
the financial sector, as amended (the "Banking Act 1993"). The CSSF has supplemented the Banking 
Act 1993 by adopting certain regulations. 
The provisions of the CRR are supplemented in Ireland by the European Union (Capital Requirements) 
(No. 2) Regulations 2014 of Ireland with respect to technical requirements and offences in order that 
the CRR can effectively operate in Irish law. The CRD IV was transposed into Irish law by the 
European Union (Capital Requirements) Regulations 2014 of Ireland. The CRR and CRD IV are also 
supplemented in Ireland by the document published by the Central Bank of Ireland in 2014 entitled 
"Implementation of Competent Authority Discretions and Options in CRD IV and CRR" (with respect 
to implementation in Ireland of certain discretions and options available to Member States under the 
CRD IV Package) and by technical rules relating to the CRD IV and the CRR published through 
delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of 
the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the "Circular No. 285")) which came into force on 1 
January 2014 and has been amended over time in order to implement, inter alia, the CRD IV Package, 
as amended by the EU Banking Reform Package, and set out additional local prudential rules 
concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. The CRD IV Package, as amended by the EU Banking 
Reform Package, has also been supplemented in Italy by technical standards and guidelines relating to 
the CRD IV and the CRR finalized by the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs), mainly the EBA 
and ESMA, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA which 
can be either of direct application under Italian law or built into the Bank of Italy’s supervisory 
guidance as the case may be. 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following own 
funds requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital 
ratio of 6%; (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8% and; (iv) a leverage ratio of 3%. According to Articles 
from 129 to 134 of CRD IV, these minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers 
to be met with CET1 capital, reported below: 
– 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 
of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
– 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% 
- 2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other 
Member States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent 
authority considers that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual 
introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant 
national authorities judge the credit growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV 
and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and 
decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for 
the fourth quarter of 2024; 
– 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional 
loss absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall 
be assigned a G-SII buffer of 1 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance 
with Article 92(3) of the CRR and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in 
gradients of at least 0,5 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with 
Article 92(3) of the CRR. G-SIBs is. determined according to specific indicators (size, 
interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity 
and complexity); and being phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285), became fully effective 
on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the 
Financial Stability Board ("FSB"), neither the Issuer (nor any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo 
Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply with a G-SIB capital buffer 
requirement (or leverage ratio buffer); and 
– 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): (the 
category to which Intesa Sanpaolo currently belongs): up to 3.0% as set by the relevant 
competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such 
banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, 
Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular No. 285). Recently, the Bank of Italy identified Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as an O-SII authorised to operate in Italy in 2024 and has imposed on the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group a capital buffer for O-SII of 1.25%, to be applied from 1st January 
2024. The same O-SII buffer (i.e. 1.25%) would also apply from 1st January 2025. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV each Member State may 
introduce a systemic risk buffer in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or 
macro- prudential risks not covered by the CRD IV Package. 
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 was amended in 
order to provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
(i) the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer ("SyRB") for banks and 
banking groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk 
buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or 
systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-prudential instruments provided for by 
the CRR, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The 
buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to 
all banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
(ii) some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-
called "borrower-based measures"). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at 
European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in 
the real estate market and from high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate 
debt. 
The Bank of Italy exercised its authority to introduce a SyRB on 26 April 2024. The Bank of Italy has 
decided to apply to all licensed banks in Italy a SyRB equal to 1.0 per cent. of credit and counterparty 
risk-weighted exposures to residents in Italy. The target rate of 1.0 percent is to be achieved gradually 
by building up a reserve equal to 0.5 percent of material exposures by 31 December 2024, and the 
remaining 0.5 percent per cent. by 30 June 2025. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the amendments introduced 
to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, the introduction of:

--- Page 352 ---
352
(i) a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective and 
the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities 
may require banks to hold; and 
(ii) the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of 
excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio 
and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described above (the "Combined 
Buffer Requirement") may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum 
Distributable Amounts ("MDA") and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or 
take remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV). 
A further rule introduced by the CRR II, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, 
allows for the "grandfathering" of instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 2 
instruments and eligible liabilities, even if they do not fully comply with certain requirements of the 
CRR II. This treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the latest. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR"). This is a stress liquidity 
measure based on modelled 30-day outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit 
institutions (the "LCR Delegated Act") was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated 
Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 
February 2022) and applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments were introduced to better allow 
the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity 
coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool 
liquidity buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council. The Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") is part of the Basel III framework and aims to 
promote resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their 
activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR were introduced as a 
requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is applicable from June 2021. 
Revisions to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the "EU Banking Reform 
Package"). The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV 
Package, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were 
agreed by the European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and were 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even 
though most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation 
of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) 
published in January 2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as 
of 1 January 2023; 
(iii) a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to 
finance their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of 
funding (liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means 
that the amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's 
liabilities and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability 
over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, 
indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a 
one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 
100% at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent 
authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the 
date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) Changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) Improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure 
projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the 
banking sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with 
the amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as 
regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments 
proposed better align the current regulatory framework to international developments in order to 
promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 
2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD 
V and BRRD II were to be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some 
provisions entered into force subsequently. On 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 
November 2021, implementing the BRRD II, was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into 
force on 1 December 2021. 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") 
concluded the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and 
market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of 
internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital 
requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per 
cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance 
consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 
and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was 
completed in December 2017. Basel III and Basel IV (as defined below) should be fully implemented 
with the reform package proposed by the European Commission in October 2021. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a legislative proposal to amend CRD IV and 
CRR II (the "2021 Banking Reform Package"). In particular, the 2021 Banking Reform Package aims 
at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements not included in such 
international framework contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing of the economy in

--- Page 354 ---
354
the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. On 19 June 2024, Directive (EU) 1619/2024 of the 
European Parliament and Council of 31 May 2024 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards 
supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, and environmental, social and governance risks 
("CRD VI") and Regulation (EU) 1623/2024 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 
2024 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards requirements for credit risks, credit valuation 
adjustment risk, operational risk and the output floor ("CRR III") were published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union and entered into force on 9 July 2024. Save for certain exemptions, most 
of the provisions set forth in CRR III will apply from 1st January 2025, while the domestic acts and 
regulations enacted by the Member States to implement the changes brought by CRD VI shall become 
effective on 11 January 2026. The date of the application of the Fundamental Review of the Trading 
Book ("FRTB") framework has been postponed to 1st January 2026, in accordance with Commission 
delegated regulation 2024/2795.   
The main changes CRD VI and CRR III are about to introduce relate to: 
(i) The introduction of the output floor to reduce the excessive variability of banks’ capital 
requirements calculated with internal models. Notably, the output floor works as a lower limit 
(“floor”) on the capital requirements (“output”) that banks calculate when using their internal 
models. The output floor aims at enhancing the confidence in risk-based capital requirements 
and to improve the solidity of banks that make use of internal models, making capital 
requirements more comparable cross banks.  
(ii) Implementation of the Basel III agreement to strengthen Union banks’ resilience face at the 
main risk areas (credit risk; market risk; and operational risk).  
(iii) Environmental, Social and Governance risks (ESG). Under the newly introduced banking 
package, banks would need to draw up transition plans under the prudential framework that 
will need to be consistent with the sustainability commitments banks undertake under other 
pieces of Union laws, such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. Competent 
authorities will oversee how banks handle ESG risks and include ESG considerations in the 
context of the annual supervisory examination review (i.e. SREP); and 
(iv) Strengthened supervision. The supervisory powers and tools have been increased and further 
harmonized. Notably, supervisors will be given more powers to check if certain transactions 
(e.g. large acquisitions) undertaken by banks are sound and do not entail excessive risks for 
banks;  
(v) Clear rules for third country banks operating in the European Union. The CRD VI will 
introduce minimum harmonizing conditions for on the establishment of third-country banks in 
the EU.  
Once CRD VI and CRR III are fully implemented and transposed in the European Union, the regulatory 
changes brought by these pieces of legislation will impact the entire banking system and consequently 
could determine changes in the capital calculation and increase capital requirements, which as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus cannot be entirely foreseen. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the 
BCBS (the "Basel III Monitoring Exercise"). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory 
developments at BCBS level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient 
banks and banking systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the 
leverage ratio framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the 
post-crisis reforms.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) Tier 1 capital shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital 
amount that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to the EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373, concerning information required for the 
monitoring of Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021, as subsequently amended, 
("EBA Decision"), the Basel III Monitoring Exercise is mandatory, on an annual basis, for a 
representative set of EU and EEA credit institutions identified by the relevant competent authorities. 
On 4 October 2024, the EBA published its third mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assesses 
the impact that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2033. According to this 
assessment, the full Basel III implementation would result in an average increase of 7.8% at the full 
implementation date in 2033 of the current Tier 1 minimum required capital. The main contributing 
factors are the output floor and the operational risk. Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks 
would need EUR 0.9 billion of additional Tier 1 capital. 
On 4 May 2020, the EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting 
requirements for market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards ("ITS") introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT 
solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the FRTB 
into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based on the ITS submitted by 
the EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 
March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
On July 24, 2024, the European Commission adopted the delegated act designed to postpone the 
application of the new FRTB (Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) framework for the capital 
requirement to January 1, 2026. Subsequently, on August 12, 2024, the EBA published a No-Action 
Letter and included in the document "EBA considerations on the postponement of the application of the 
FRTB in the EU" some considerations on technical and implementation issues arising from the delay, 
which are considered essential for achieving a harmonized implementation of the market risk 
framework. The delegated act was published in the EU Official Journal on October 31 and it will be 
applicable starting from January 1, 2025, with the entry into force of CRR3, and it will postpone the 
new FRTB framework to 2026. 
As a final note, on 18 January 2024, the EBA launched a public consultation on draft Guidelines on the 
management of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks. The draft Guidelines set out 
requirements for institutions for the identification, measurement, management and monitoring of ESG 
risks, including through plans aimed at addressing the risks arising from the transition towards an EU 
climate-neutral economy. The consultation ran until April 2024 but, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no Final Report has been published yet. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV and 
the EU Banking Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, 
which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a

--- Page 356 ---
356
revised EU securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") which entered into force in January 
2019, while a number of underlying regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the 
EBA and ESMA are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing 
securitisation framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence 
requirements, the introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for 
so-called "simple transparent and standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital 
treatment subject to a number of conditions. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") published its final Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs maintain significant minimum 
amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to liabilities excluded from 
TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new standard for G-
SIBs. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these 
principles in the form of an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet 
require a minimum TLAC requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 
January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage 
ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible 
for TLAC include capital instruments and instruments that are contractually, statutorily or structurally 
subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" (including insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be 
effectively written down or converted into equity by relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give 
rise to a material risk of compensation claims or successful legal challenges. 
With a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking Reform 
Package and the BRRD II introduce minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL"), which apply to EU credit institutions, including G-SIIs (global systematically important 
institutions). Consistent with the TLAC standard, MREL requirements allow resolution authorities, on 
the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL 
requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-SII. Based on the most recently 
updated list of G-SIIs published by the FSB on 27 November 2023, neither the relevant Issuer nor any 
member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2023. 
The BRRD II includes important changes as it introduces a new category of banks, the so-called top-
tier banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution 
group whose total assets exceed €100 billion. ISP is a top-tier bank for this purpose. At the same time, 
the BRRD II introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a "Pillar 1 
MREL requirement") which applies to G-SIIs and top-tier banks. In addition, resolution authorities 
will be able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top- tier banks 
comply with a supplementary MREL requirement (a "Pillar 2 MREL requirement"). A subordination 
requirement is also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD II, but exceptions 
apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would 
otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and 
employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. Delegated regulation 
2021/763 (EU), applicable since 28 June 2021, lays down implementing technical standards for the

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
application of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council and 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to the supervisory 
reporting and public disclosure of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory 
mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). The SSM Regulation provides the 
ECB, in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member 
States, with direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member 
States. "Banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total 
value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the 
ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three 
most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism 
and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking 
subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent 
a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 (the 
"SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of Intesa Sanpaolo 
and its subsidiaries, for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, 
money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is 
exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which includes, inter 
alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of 
holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking 
rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the 
conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and 
internal capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the 
viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise 
options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group. 
The Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the 
"BRRD") entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure 
the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact 
of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD contains four resolution 
tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation tool) or in combination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of 
such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) 
sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part

--- Page 358 ---
358
of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to 
transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose 
that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities 
to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be 
managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can 
be used together with another resolution tool only) and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert 
certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that 
confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other 
instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the "general bail-in tool"). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be 
subject to any exercise of such powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non- viability loss absorption"). The 
point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the 
institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the 
institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-
down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued 
by an institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the 
date on which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) 
and to restrict the termination rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a 
Member State, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent 
possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial 
support through additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may provide public 
equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures must be 
taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption 
from shareholders and creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 
8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back 
liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State 
guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders 
and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
The SRM provides for the setting up of a Single Resolution Fund in the relevant Member State (the 
"SRF" or the "Fund"), established under the control of the SRB, as of 1 January 2016 in which the 
national resolution funds had been pooled together. The SRF is intended to ensure the availability of 
funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if, and only after, at least 8 % 
of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank have been subject to bail-in. The SRF is 
expected to reach a target of around €80 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in 
the financial institutions of the Eurozone). Once this target level is reached, in principle, institutions 
will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal with resolution 
action taken by the relevant authorities. In February 2024, the SRB announced that the financial means 
available in the SRF at 31 December 2023 represented Euro 78 billion and therefore reached the target 
level of at least 1% of covered deposits held in the Member States participating in the SRM. As such,

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
no regular annual contributions are being collected in 2024 from the institutions in scope of the SRF, 
including the Issuer. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the 
Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD 
Decrees"), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the 
provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the 
existing Banking Law (Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and deals 
principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD 
Decrees entered into force on 16 November, 2015, save that: (i) the bail-in tool applied from 1 January 
2016; and (ii) a "depositor preference" granted for deposits other than those protected by the deposit 
guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SME's applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution 
authorities may not exercise the bail-in powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered 
bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in 
relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging 
instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. 
The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. 
Accordingly, holders of Securities of a particular Series may be subject to write-down/conversion upon 
an application of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Securities (or, in each case, other pari 
passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. 
Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon 
application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the 
incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of 
the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
It is therefore possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may 
have been excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such 
claims receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of Securities, but also 
that the safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the 
holders of such fully or partially excluded claims. This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not 
intended to address such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors 
do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would have 
received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 
44(2)(g) of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to 
employees benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior 
unsecured creditors in the context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that 
Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and 
micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit 
guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings 
which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred 
creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending 
national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than 
ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the 
creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as 
compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than 
those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will

--- Page 360 ---
360
benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is 
lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit 
guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European 
Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the 
was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant 
laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor 
hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so-called "Senior Non-Preferred 
Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with 
the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory 
rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any 
creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Securities will 
have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which 
they might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Securities, it is clear 
that the statutory right of set-off available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Securities 
may be subject to write-down/conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership on any 
application of the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also established that institutions shall meet, at all times, their MREL requirement. Under 
Article 45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities 
expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution or based on the leverage 
ratio exposure measure, according to Article 429 and 429a of the CRR II. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements 
relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional 
period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim 
targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package 
includes, amongst other things: 
(i) full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing 
MREL regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions; 
(ii) introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 ("Decree No. 193"), 
implementing the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree 
no. 180/2015 ("Decree no. 180") and the Banking Law. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined 
by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
a) the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is 
adequate to meet the resolution's objectives; 
b) the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same 
corporate group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure 
that, if the bail-in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to 
them, losses could be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as 
applicable, the leverage ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with 
the conditions for authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even 
if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be 
excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
c) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
d) the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of 
the financial system. 
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian 
legislative framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not 
qualify (and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items 
(including any instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to senior non-
preferred instruments. Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, 
they will rank senior to own funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also apply to instruments issued before the entrance into force of 
Decree No. 193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Banking Law, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 
200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non 
Preferred debt instruments ("strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello").

--- Page 362 ---
362
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment services having as 
their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Banking Law issued after 1 December 
2021, that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter 
of the Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in 
force on the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non qualified investors has been 
repealed by Article 5 of Decree No. 193. 
On 24 April 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 April 
2024, amending Directive 2014/59/EU and Regulation (EU) 2014/806 as regards certain aspects of the 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities was published in the European Official 
Journal (the "Daisy Chain Act"). Whilst the amendments to Article 12d of the SRM Regulation are 
directly applicable in the Member States from 14 November 2024, Member States shall adopt and 
publish the measures necessary to comply with the changes brought by the provisions laid down by the 
BRRD by 13 November 2024. The relevant implementing national acts and regulations shall apply 
from 14 November 2024.  
Among the others, the new rules of the Daisy Chain Act aim to give the resolution authorities the power 
of setting internal MREL on a consolidated basis subject to certain conditions. Where the resolution 
authority allows a banking group to apply such consolidated treatment, the intermediate subsidiaries 
will not be obliged to deduct their individual holdings of internal MREL.  
Moreover, the Daisy Chain Act would introduce a specific MREL treatment for “liquidation entities”. 
Those are defined as entities within a banking group earmarked for winding-up in accordance with 
insolvency laws, which would, therefore, not be subject to resolution action (conversion or write-down 
of MREL instruments). On this basis and as a rule, liquidation entities will not be obliged to comply 
with an MREL requirement, unless the resolution authority decides otherwise on a case-by-case basis 
for financial stability protection reasons. The own funds of these liquidation entities issued to the 
intermediate entities will not need to be deducted except when they represent a material share of the 
own funds and eligible liabilities of the intermediate entity.  
In addition to the above, it is worth mentioning that on 19 June 2024, the Council announced the 
beginning of the negotiations with the European Parliament to define the final shape of the legislative 
proposal on the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance (the "CMDI Reform") framework. The 
package consists of four legislative proposals that would amend existing EU legislation: the BRRD, the 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive ("DGSD") and the SRMR. New aspects of the framework could 
include: i) expanding the scope of resolution through a revision of the public interest assessment to 
include a regional impact so more eurozone banks could be brought into the resolution framework, ii) 
the use of deposit guarantee schemes to help banks, especially the small ones, to meet a key threshold 
for bearing losses of 8% of their own funds and liabilities, which then allows them to have access to the 
Single Resolution Fund, also funded by bank contributions, and help sell the problem banks’ assets and 
fund their exit from the market, iii) amending the hierarchy of claims in insolvency and scrapping the 
"super-preference" of the DGSD to put all deposits on equal pegging in an insolvency, but still above 
ordinary unsecured creditors with the aim of enabling the use of DGSD funds in measures other than 
pay out of covered deposits without violating the least cost test. The proposal will need to be agreed by 
the Member States and the European Parliament, a process whose duration and outcome remains 
uncertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group is subject to the provisions of the Regulation establishing the Single 
Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
(the "SRM Regulation") entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 
2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution 
plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the EU 
Banking Reform Package in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined 
above), applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM 
II Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of 
credit institutions and investment firms. 
Lastly, the SRM Regulation was amended by the Daisy Chain Act. As better detailed in the SRB 
Communication on the Daisy Chain Act, published on 30 September 2024, according to Article 12d(2a) 
of the SRM Regulation, as amended by Article 2 of the Daisy Chain Act: 
(i) the SRB shall not determine the MREL for liquidation entities unless it considers justified to 
determine said requirement in an amount exceeding the amount sufficient to absorb losses. As per the 
definition laid down by the SRM Regulation, “liquidation entity” shall be read as referencing to an 
entity in respect of which the group resolution plan or, for entity that is not part of a group, the 
resolution plan, provides that the entity is to be wound up under the normal insolvency proceedings, or 
an entity, within the resolution group other than a resolution entity, in respect of which the group 
resolution does not provide for the exercise of write-down and conversion powers; and  
(ii) Article 77(2) and Article 78(a) of the CRR, setting forth the prior authorisation regime to reduce 
eligible liabilities instruments, shall not apply to liquidation entities for which the board of the SRB has 
not determined the MREL.  
The above changes apply from 14 November 2024. The SRB announced that – in line with the 
principles of good administration and legal certainty – in the course of 2024 resolution planning cycle, 
the previously adopted decisions setting the MREL at the level equal to the loss absorption amount will 
be repealed with effect as of 14 November 2024. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, 
there will be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of 
banks being supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II 
described above, revisions to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to 
change in due course. In this context, as mentioned above, it is also worth mentioning that, as part of 
the CMDI Reform, amendments to the SRM, have been recently proposed by the European co-
legislator. The main purpose of this legislative reform is to build on the objectives of the crisis 
management framework and to ensure a more consistent approach to resolution so that any bank in 
crisis can exit the market in an orderly manner, while preserving the financial stability, taxpayer money 
and ensuring deposit confidence. 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce the amount of non-performing 
exposures in banks balance sheets within adequate levels, the following are worth mentioning: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to 
the Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL 
guidance contains recommendations and lays out the bank's approach, processes and objectives 
regarding the effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing 
exposures ("NPEs"), as well as foreclosed assets, and touches on performing exposures with an

--- Page 364 ---
364
elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as "watch-list" exposures and performing forborne 
exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their 
management of NPLs based on a self assessment of the internal capabilities to effectively manage; the 
external conditions and operating environment; and the impaired portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out 
supervisory expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to 
nonperforming exposures (NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the "ECB Addendum"). In addition, the ECB's 
bank-specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 
2018), was set out in its 2018 SREP letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from these 
prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning 
of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) as regards minimum 
loss coverage for non-performing exposures published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 
2019, also known as the "Pillar 1 Backstop Regulation", which introduces Pillar 1 provisioning 
requirements, following principles similar to those already guiding the finalisation of the ECB 
Addendum. 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission's requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). Therefore the above mentioned 
guidelines result in three "buckets" of NPEs based on the date of the exposure's origination and the date 
of NPE's classification: 
– 
Loans classified as NPEs before 31 March 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets 
for unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in 
paths as communicated in SREP letters; 
– 
Loans originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows) and classified as NPEs after 31 
March 2018: 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable 
property/secured by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or 
insured by an official export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage 
expectation of 100% is applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE 
status; 
– 
Loans originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows) and then classified as NPEs: 
3/7/9 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured 
by immovable property, progressive path to 100%. NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official 
export credit agency are subject to a special treatment, i.e. coverage expectation of 100% is 
applicable to export credit exposures after more than 7 years of NPE status. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published 
by the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four 
policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. An 
updated Action Plan was published in December 2020. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 31 
October 2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks 
in place to manage effectively their NPEs and to substantially reduce the presence of NPEs on the 
balance sheet. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per cent., the EBA asked to 
introduce specific strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by the EBA on 17 
December 2018 (as amended on 12 October 2022): in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set 
enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' 
public disclosure of information regarding nonperforming exposures, forborne exposures and 
foreclosed assets. The amending Guidelines published on 12 October 2022 will apply from 31 
December 2022. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures for loans originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from own funds 
where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation's purpose 
is to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. Loans are divided in vintage buckets 
of 3/7/9 years and a progressive coverage path is applied for each bucket. A 100% coverage is 
applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures 
secured by immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as 
defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from 
the seventh year after the classification as NPE. 
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing 
the efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated 
extrajudicial collateral enforcement (the "AECE") procedure; (ii) the development of secondary 
markets for NPLs in the EU's markets by harmonizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and 
credit purchasers. The European Commission finalized and published on 8 December 2021, in the 
Official Journal of the European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit 
purchasers (the "NPLs Directive"). The NPLs Directive entered into force on the twentieth day 
following that of its publication in the Official Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and it had to be 
implemented by the Member States by 29 December 2023. 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by the EBA 
on 23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(the "Securitisation Regulation") to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain 
constraints imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology 
to dispose of NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the European Commission, the EBA outlined 
the fact that the securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a 
faster pace and larger rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of 
securitisations' structure in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a 
more diverse investor pool with a different Risk Appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission 
presented amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the 
securitisation of non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by 
assigning different risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the 
end of March, on 6 April 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the 
Securitisation Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as 
regards adjustments to the securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the

--- Page 366 ---
366
COVID-19 crisis were published on the Official Journal of the European Union. Both Regulations 
entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
In order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the European Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further 
develop secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular by finalizing the Directive on credit 
servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level and 
reviewing the EBA templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate 
insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national 
asset management companies at EU level; (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, where 
needed, to ensure the continued funding of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive and State aid frameworks. As a result, the European Commission published on 18 
October 2022 the Communication on the guidelines for a best-execution process for sales of non-
performing loans on secondary markets. The main objectives of such communication are to (i) 
encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL transactions in EU secondary markets and, in 
particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less experience with secondary market 
transactions throughout the sale process. 
To further improve the transparency and efficiency of secondary market for NPLs, on 16 June 2021 the 
European Commission released a public consultation aimed at identifying and gathering information on 
remaining obstacles to the proper functioning of secondary markets for NPLs as well as possible 
enabling actions that could be taken to foster these markets by improving the quantity, quality and 
comparability of NPL data. The public consultation ended on 8 September 2021. 
Publication of Key EU Financial Regulations and Directives 
On 14 November 2024, Regulation (EU) 2024/2809 of European Parliament and Council of 23 October 
2024 amending Regulations (EU) 2017/1129 ("Prospectus Regulation"), (EU) No 596/2014 ("Market 
Abuse Regulation", MAR) and (EU) No 600/2014 ("Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation", 
MiFIR) to make public capital markets in the Union more attractive for companies and to facilitate 
access to capital for small and medium-sized enterprises was published in the Official Journal of the 
EU.  
On 14 November 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/2811 of European Parliament and Council of 23 October 
2024 amending Directive 2014/65/EU ("Markets in Financial Instruments Directive", MiFID II) to 
make public capital markets in the Union more attractive for companies and to facilitate access to 
capital for small and medium-sized enterprises and repealing Directive 2001/34/EC was published in 
the Official Journal of the EU. 
On 14 November 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/2810 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 
October 2024 on multiple-vote share structures in companies that seek admission to trading of their 
shares on a multilateral trading facility was published in the Official Journal of the EU. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and 
financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking 
Association ("ABI") and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or 
extension was extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to 
micro, small and medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of 
loan repayment instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 
30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing 
transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. 
On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium 
was extended to credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-
backed loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set 
of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions 
in the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer term refinancing operations 
(LTROs); second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental 
recalibration of targeted longer term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing 
tightening of financing conditions for the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset 
purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms 
during the period from June 2020 to June 2022 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that 
time. Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 50 basis points 
below the average rate applied in the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the end of 
2021) as well as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply deficiencies and trade 
disruption, mainly due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a material rise in inflation which call 
for a reassessment of the appropriate monetary policy stance. 
As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing Council adopted decision no. 
2022/2128 ("ECB Decision No. 2128"), whereby it decided that from 23 November 2022 until the 
maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III operations ("TLTRO III 
Operations"), the interest rate on TLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the average applicable key 
ECB interest rates over this period and no longer over the entire life of the program tranche. The 
measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 2128 have modified the TLTRO III program in a more 
restrictive way by removing almost all remuneration incentives and resulted in a sharp worsening of the 
funding rate and thus ECB introduced a new early repayment window on the date of the change 
effectiveness to allow banks to exit the program before relative conditions change. 
The Governing Council also added a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of Euro 120 
billion until the end of 2020, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. On 18 March 2020 this was followed by the announcement of the Euro 750 billion 
Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program (the "PEPP"), increased with a further Euro 600 billion on 4 
June 2020. As per the monetary policy decision published on 17 October 2024, the Governing Council 
announced its intention not to reinvest the principal payments from maturing securities purchased under 
the PEPP, reducing the PEPP portfolio by Euro 7.5 billion per month on average. The Governing 
Council intends also to discontinue reinvestments under the PEPP at the end of 2024. In any case, the 
Governing Council will continue applying flexibility in reinvesting redemptions coming due in the 
PEPP portfolio, with a view to countering risks to the monetary policy transmission mechanism related 
to the pandemic. Similarly, also the APP portfolio is declining at a measured and predictable pace, as 
the Eurosystem no longer reinvests the principal payments from maturing securities. 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological 
emergency due to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) was 
adopted. The Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary

--- Page 368 ---
368
proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the 
guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the 
possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted 
and to the amount of the ACE ("Aiuto alla Crescita Economica") notional return exceeding the total 
net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity 
of banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the 
impact of the COVID-19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline 
of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
– 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the 
output floor has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
– 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
– 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (the "Liquidity Decree") 
was issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity 
Decree, in addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest ("SACE"), a 
company of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for 
SMEs by redrawing its rules for accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 
employees and professionals, as well as increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already 
provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree (provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter 
provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund 
for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 December 2020. The Government is going to extend such 
measures until 31 December 2021 (the prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of 
April 2021). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was 
published in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and 
economic support, as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by 
COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 
December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. 
Particular reference is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing 
new bonds issued by SME corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by 
COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to 
other investors <20 per cent. of the investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above 
indicated which have suffered losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the 
Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so-called "Patrimonio 
rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible 
bonds) and shares in order to support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 
104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
health, work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law 
regard the extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) 
and, for tourist sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly 
waived by the beneficiary company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, 
Law Decree Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special 
regimes, such as consolidated and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of 
the public guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a 
prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial 
intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE 
guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or 
certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not classifiable as non-performing 
exposures (at the date of submission of the application), they don't present amounts in arrears and the 
lender can reasonably assume the full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
Sustainable Finance Regulation 
The banking system needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable activities 
and projects to contribute to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, 
which are the basis for green finance decision-making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall 
comply with the regulations on the disclosure of financial and non-financial information. 
Starting from May 2018, the European Commission published several legislative measures in order to 
promote a sustainable finance in line with the objectives of its action plan of March 2018 (and the 
successive reviewed sustainable finance strategy, published in July 2021), as better outlined below. 
On 21 April 2021, the Commission published a proposal for the review of the Non-Financial Reporting 
Directive (Directive (EU) 2014/95) (the "NFRD"). The new Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (the "CSRD") proposes to extend the scope to listed SMEs (excluding listed 
microundertakings) and to not listed large companies; introduces the requirement to report according to 
common EU sustainability reporting standards envisaging specific standards for listed SMEs while non-
listed SMEs may decide to use those standard on a voluntary basis, and a transition period of three 
years since the application of the Directive; requires mandatory assurance of the reported information 
that should be published as part of the company's management report and in machine readable format. 
On November 2022 the CSRD text has been adopted by both the co-legislators and entered into force 
on 5 January 2023. On the 31st of July 2023, the European Commission adopted the final Delegated 
Act (DA) (Annex I including standards and Annex II including glossary) on the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) mandated under the CSRD. The CSRD’s sustainability 
reporting obligations apply to financial years starting with 1 January 2024 (reporting in 2025), 
according to a three stages-timeline. 
On 9 December 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability ‐ related disclosures in the financial 
services sector (SFDR - Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) (the "SFDR") was published, 
which lays down harmonised rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on 
transparency. The SFDR entered into force from March 2021, but the EC was mandated to adopt 
regulatory technical standards regarding the ESG disclosure requirements. The three ESAs (EBA, 
EIOPA and ESMA) published their report in February 2021 which was finally adopted by the EC in 
April 2022 and are applicable from January 2023. On 14 September 2023 the Commission published a 
targeted consultation to seek feedback on the SFDR from industry and other stakeholders, running until 
15 December 2023. The consultation was aimed to assess the current requirement and also to explore 
potential changes to disclosures and the possible creation of a product categorization system.

--- Page 370 ---
370
On 9 March 2020, the European Commission Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance ("TEG") 
published its final report on the taxonomy, following the public consultation launched after the 
publication of the June 2019 report. The EU Taxonomy Regulation, which is part of the Action 1 of the 
Action Plan on financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018 by the Commission, aims to 
establish a unique classification system for the economic activities which can be classified as 
sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into force on 12 July 2020. So far certain delegated acts under the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation have been adopted by the European Commission, including a first delegated 
act on technical screening criteria on climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives has been 
adopted in April 2021; a second delegated act, supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation, on taxonomy-related disclosures has been adopted in July 2021 (specifying the content, 
methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial 
undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their 
business, investments or lending activities); a third delegated act, complementary to the first, including 
technical screening criteria on nuclear and gas energy activities has been adopted in February 2022; a 
fourth delegated act establishing the technical screening criteria on the four environmental objectives 
(sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to a circular economy, 
pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems); a fifth 
delegated act amending the first delegated act on climate change mitigation and adaptation. 
In July 2021, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal for the EU's Green Bond 
Standard (the "EU GBS"), a voluntary standard for bonds aligned to the EU Taxonomy. On 30 
November 2023, the regulation on the “European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds 
marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds” was published in the EU 
Official Journal and entered into force on the 20 December 2023; the regulation will be applicable from 
21 December 2024 with a transition period for certain requirements until 21 June 2026. 
On 20 January 2021, the European Commission opened a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
a European single access point ("ESAP") for financial and non-financial information publicly disclosed 
by companies. The establishment of ESAP is the first point of the new action plan on the Capital 
Markets Union 2020 aiming to create a register of ESG data at EU level to provide easily accessible, 
comparable and machine readable information through standardization of formats to remove the 
difficulties encountered by the various stakeholders in accessing, comparing and using companies' 
financial and sustainability related information. The consultation closed on 12 March 2021. On 27 
November 2023, the Council of the European Union adopted the final texts of the ESAP legislative 
package. Regulation (EU) 2023/2859 of 13 December 2023 was published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 20 December 2023, establishing a European single access point providing centralised access to 
publicly available information of relevance to financial services, capital markets and sustainability. 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2859 entered into force on 9 January 2024. By 10 July 2027, ESMA shall 
establish and operate the ESAP, providing centralised electronic access to the relevant information. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, 
which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID II. Starting from August 2022, 
the financial advisors are required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients and take them 
into consideration when providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial 
institutions are requested to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational 
and operational processes. The delegated acts, namely Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/1253 and Commission Delegated Regulation 2021/1269, were published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 2 August 2021 and applied from 22 November 2022. 
On 12 October 2023, the EBA published a report on the role of environmental and social risks in the

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
prudential framework of credit institutions and investment firms. Taking a risk-based approach, the 
report recommends targeted enhancements to accelerate the integration of environmental and social 
risks across the Pillar I. In particular, the EBA proposed to: (i) including environmental risk as part of 
stress testing programmes under both the internal ratings-based (IRB) and the internal model 
approaches (IMA) under the FRTB; (ii) encourage inclusion of environmental and social factors as part 
of external assessment by the credit rating agencies; (iii) encourage the inclusion of environmental and 
social factors as part of the due diligence requirements and evaluation of immovable property collateral; 
(iv) require institutions to identify whether environmental and social factors constitute triggers of 
operational risk losses; and (v) progressively develop environment-related concentration risk metrics as 
part of supervisory reporting.

--- Page 372 ---
372
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
The annual financial information below as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 has been derived respectively from the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the "2023 
Audited Financial Statements") and from the consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 presented for comparison in 2023. 
Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
The half-yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2023 has been derived respectively from the unaudited condensed 
consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 (the "2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements") and from the 
unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at 
and for the six months ended 30 June 2023 presented for comparison in 2024. 
Incorporation by Reference 
Both the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022, and the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred 
to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference"). The financial information set out below forms only part of, should be read in conjunction 
with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the above mentioned audited consolidated annual and 
unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and 
auditors' reports. 
Accounting Principles 
The audited consolidated annual and unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements referred to 
above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee, otherwise known as International Accounting Standards and International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IAS/IFRS"), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation 
(EC) 1606/2002. In particular, the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements referred to 
above have been prepared in compliance with the IAS/IFRS issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board ("IASB") and the relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") endorsed by the European Commission, as provided for by EU 
Regulation 1606 of 19 July 2002 and in force as at 30 June 2024. 
In particular, the 2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with 
IAS 34 requirements, which regulate interim financial reporting, on a basis consistent with that of the 
2023 Audited Financial Statements. 
In addition, the indications provided by the authorities and the IASB, together with the application 
decisions made by Intesa Sanpaolo, as described in the chapter "The first half of 2024", should be 
consulted on the impact for the Group of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, together 
with the update reported in the Intesa Sanpaolo Group Interim Report as at 30 September 2024. 
With regard to the changes in the accounting regulations, considering the significance for the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group and, in particular, for the insurance companies, it is primarily noted that IFRS 17

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
Insurance Contracts, published by the IASB in May 2017 and subject to subsequent amendments, 
endorsed with Regulation (EU) no. 2036/2021 of 19 November 2021, is applicable from 1 January 
2023 and has been applied for the purposes of preparing the Half-Yearly Report as at 30 June 2023 and 
for the purposes of preparing the 2023 Audited Financial Statements. Further, the consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
presented for comparison in 2023, have been adjusted due to the application of the new rules required 
by IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. 
For further details on the first adoption of the new principle IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for the Group’s 
insurance companies, please refer to the specific section “Effects of first time adoption of IFRS 17 and 
IFRS 9 for the Group’s insurance companies” included in the 2023 Audited Financial Statements. 
A summary of the endorsing Regulations in force since 2022 is provided below (for more details please 
refer to “Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Part A – Accounting policies” of the 2022 
Annual Report and the 2023 Annual Report and to “Accounting Policies – General preparation 
principles” of the Half-Yearly Report as at 30 June 2024). 
Regulation endorsement in force since 1st January 2022: 
• 
Regulation (EU) no. 1080/2021 of 28 June 2021, which implements several narrow-scope 
amendments, published by the IASB on 14 May 2020, to the international accounting 
standards IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment, IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities 
and Contingent Assets and IFRS 3 Business Combinations. None of the amendments is 
particularly significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. The Regulation in question also 
endorses the Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 Cycle. The Regulation 
introduces several changes and clarifications of little significance which, therefore, do not 
have significant impacts on the Group. 
Regulation endorsement in force since 1st January 2023: 
• 
Regulation 357/2022 of 2 March 2022: this Regulation adopts several narrow-scope 
amendments and clarifications to support entities in applying materiality judgements in 
illustrating accounting policies (amendments to IAS 1) and distinguishing between accounting 
policies and estimates (amendments to IAS 8). Therefore, it does not have significant impacts 
on the Group, even though it could be a useful reference for analyses and for improving 
financial statement disclosure. 
• 
Regulation no. 1392/2022 of 11 August 2022: the European Commission adopted the 
amendment to IAS 12 Income Taxes “Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising 
from a Single Transaction”, published by the IASB on 7 May 2021. The amendments clarify 
how companies have to account for deferred taxes on transactions such as leases and 
decommissioning obligations and aim to reduce diversity in the reporting of deferred tax assets 
and liabilities on those transactions. These amendments don’t have significant impacts on the 
Group. 
• 
Regulation no. 2468/2023 of 8 November 2023: this Regulation amends IAS 12 Income 
Taxes with respect to the international tax reform. The amendments introduced a mandatory 
temporary exception from accounting for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of 
the OECD's Pillar Two model rules, as well as targeted disclosures for affected entities to be 
provided in interim and annual financial statements.

--- Page 374 ---
374
Regulation endorsement in force since 1st January 2024: 
• 
Regulation no. 2579/2023 of 20 November 2023: this Regulation amends IFRS 16 Leases 
with respect to lease liabilities in a sale and leaseback transaction, published by the IASB on 
22 September 2022. The limited amendments introduced relate to the recognition of sale and 
leaseback transactions by the seller-lessee in the event of variable lease payments and when 
the transfer of the asset is a sale pursuant to IFRS 15. The amendments are mandatory for 
annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. These amendments are not 
particularly significant for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group given the characteristics of its existing 
sale and leaseback agreements, which have no variable or insignificant variable payments.  
• 
Regulation no. 2822/2023 of 19 December 2023: this Regulation introduces some limited 
amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. The clarifications aim to promote 
consistency in applying IAS 1 across companies to determine whether, in the statement of 
financial position, payables and other liabilities with an uncertain settlement date are to be 
classified as current (due or potentially to be paid within one year) or non-current. Given the 
content of the amendment and the obligation to apply the formats set forth in Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 262/05, the proposed limited amendments to IAS 1 are not significant for banks. 
• 
Regulation no. 1317/2024 of 15 May 2024: this Regulation amends IAS 7 Statement of Cash 
Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments. The proposed amendments concern entities that enter 
into finance agreements in the role of purchasers, and not the financing entities. Therefore, the 
case has no direct effect for the Intesa Sanpaolo Group, which acts solely as a financier in 
supply finance arrangements. 
The 2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements, drawn up in euro as the functional currency, are 
prepared in condensed form as permitted by IAS 34, and contain the consolidated Balance sheet as at 
30 June 2024, the consolidated Income statement, the Statement of consolidated comprehensive 
income, the Changes in consolidated shareholders' equity, the consolidated Statement of cash flows for 
the six month period then ended and the explanatory notes. They are also complemented by information 
on significant events which occurred in the period, on the main risks and uncertainties to be faced, as 
well as information on significant related party transactions. The amounts indicated in the financial 
statements and explanatory notes are expressed in millions of euro, unless otherwise specified. In 
addition to the amounts for the reporting period, the financial statements also indicate the 
corresponding comparison figures for the period ended 30 June 2023 for the Income statement and as at 
31 December 2023 for the Balance sheet. The Notes contain specific dedicated chapters that set out 
several detailed tables of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet in the format established by the 
8th update to the Bank of Italy Circular 262/2005 on Notes to Annual Financial Statements, regarding 
the composition of the main financial statement captions concerning banking operations and insurance 
operations, these last tables drawn up in compliance with the disclosure tables set out by IVASS as 
required by the 8th update to Circular 262. 
As reported in the half-yearly financial information below as at and for the six months ended on 30 
June 2024 and taking into account the updated information published in the Interim Statement at 30 
September 2024, since the conditions pursuant to IFRS 5 have been met, the assets held for sale as at 30 
September 2024 mainly include: (i) the investment in Cronos Vita Assicurazioni, in which Intesa 
Sanpaolo Vita holds a 22.5% stake, as part of the system-wide transaction aimed at protecting the 
policyholders of Eurovita involving the five leading Italian insurance companies, for which there was a 
clear intention from the outset on the part of the shareholder companies to hold the investment for a 
limited period of time (already held for sale at the end of December 2023); (ii) properties, including

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
those subject to transfer under the agreement between Intesa Sanpaolo and COIMA, signed by the 
parties on 19 April 2024, for a total value of around €0.5 billion, due to be completed in  the first half of 
2025; (iii) portfolios of non-performing loans totalling €0.5 billion gross (€0.4 billion net) due to be 
sold to alternative investment funds that invest in credit exposures under a comprehensive project 
initiated in the second quarter of 2024 and completed in October 2024. With regard to the portfolio 
comprised of both unlikely-to-pay exposures and high-risk performing positions, for a gross book value 
of around €0.2 billion (€0.1 billion net), which were classified among assets held for sale as at 31 
December 2023, the sale of almost all of the exposures was finalised on 15 April 2024, with residual 
marginal exposures that will be sold in the final part of the year. 
The 2024 Half-Yearly Unaudited Financial Statements are complemented by certification of the 
Managing Director – CEO and the Manager responsible for preparing the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's 
financial reports pursuant to Article 154-bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998 (Consolidated Law on 
Finance) and have been reviewed by the Independent Auditors EY S.p.A.

--- Page 376 ---
376
INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2022 
presented according to the 8th update to the Bank of Italy Circular 262/2005 and adjusted for the 
application of IFRS 9 - IFRS 17 by the Insurance Companies of the Group. As a result, these 
comparative figures have been identified as unaudited. 
 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Assets 
Audited 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Cash and cash equivalents ..........................................................................................  
89,270 
112,924 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ....................................  
144,594 
150,616 
a) financial assets held for trading .............................................................................  
38,163 
42,607 
b) financial assets designated at fair value ................................................................  
1 
1 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value .....................................  
106,430 
108,008 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ...........  
140,753 
119,508 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ...............................................................  
518,950 
528,081 
a) due from banks .......................................................................................................  
32,899 
32,884 
b) loans to customers .................................................................................................  
486,051 
495,197 
Hedging derivatives ...................................................................................................  
7,006 
10,075 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) .................................  
-5,695 
-9,752 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ..............................  
2,501 
2,013 
Insurance assets ..........................................................................................................  
813 
151 
a) insurance contracts issued that are assets .............................................................  
412 
18 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are assets .............................................................  
401 
133 
Property and equipment .............................................................................................  
9,825 
10,505 
Intangible assets .........................................................................................................  
9,524 
9,237 
of which: .....................................................................................................................  
 
 
- goodwill ...................................................................................................................  
3,672 
3,626 
Tax assets ...................................................................................................................  
14,533 
18,130 
a) current ...................................................................................................................  
1,932 
3,520 
b) deferred ..................................................................................................................  
12,601 
14,610 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ....................................  
264 
638 
Other assets ................................................................................................................  
31,232 
22,461 
Total Assets ...............................................................................................................  
963,570 
974,587

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2022 
presented according to the 8th update to the Bank of Italy Circular 262/2005 and adjusted for the 
application of IFRS 9 - IFRS 17 by the Insurance Companies of the Group. As a result, these 
comparative figures have been identified as unaudited. 
 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
Audited 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ......................................................... 
642,119 
670,127 
a) due to banks ........................................................................................................... 
93,242 
138,132 
b) due to customers .................................................................................................... 
440,449 
454,595 
c) securities issued ..................................................................................................... 
108,428 
77,400 
Financial liabilities held for trading ........................................................................... 
43,493 
46,512 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ............................................................... 
72,782 
63,007 
Hedging derivatives ................................................................................................... 
5,188 
5,517 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-)............................ 
-3,967 
-8,031 
Tax liabilities.............................................................................................................. 
1,946 
2,021 
a) current ................................................................................................................... 
458 
303 
b) deferred .................................................................................................................. 
1,488 
1,718 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and discontinued 
operations ................................................................................................................... 
2 
15 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................................... 
12,741 
10,763 
Employee termination indemnities ............................................................................. 
767 
852 
Allowances for risks and charges ............................................................................... 
4,523 
4,960 
a) commitments and guarantees given ....................................................................... 
524 
711 
b) post-employment benefits ....................................................................................... 
98 
139 
c) other allowances for risks and charges .................................................................. 
3,901 
4,110 
Insurance liabilities .................................................................................................... 
119,849 
117,575 
a)insurance contracts issued that are liabilities ......................................................... 
119,674 
117,561 
b)reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities ........................................................ 
175 
14 
Valuation reserves ...................................................................................................... 
-2,009 
-2,458 
Redeemable shares ..................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Equity instruments ..................................................................................................... 
7,948 
7,211 
Reserves ..................................................................................................................... 
14,697 
15,073 
Interim dividend (-) .................................................................................................... 
-2,629 
-1,400 
Share premium reserve ............................................................................................... 
28,003 
28,053 
Share capital ............................................................................................................... 
10,369 
10,369 
Treasury shares (-) ...................................................................................................... 
-140 
-124 
Minority interests (+/-) ............................................................................................... 
164 
166 
Net income (loss) (+/-) ............................................................................................... 
7,724 
4,379 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity ............................................................ 
963,570 
974,587

--- Page 378 ---
378
INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31 DECEMBER 2023 
The annual financial information below includes comparative figures for the year ended 2022 presented 
according to the 8th update to the Bank of Italy Circular 262/2005 and adjusted for the application of 
IFRS 9 - IFRS 17 by the Insurance Companies of the Group. As a result, these comparative figures 
have been identified as unaudited. 
 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
31.12.2022 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Interest and similar income ........................................................................................... 
32,525 
15,709 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method ............... 
28,482 
15,185 
Interest and similar expense .......................................................................................... 
-15,589 
-3,874 
Interest margin ............................................................................................................ 
16,936 
11,835 
Fee and commission income ......................................................................................... 
10,528 
10,925 
Fee and commission expense ........................................................................................ 
-2,727 
-2,552 
Net fee and commission income.................................................................................. 
7,801 
8,373 
Dividend and similar income ........................................................................................ 
660 
645 
Profits (Losses) on trading ............................................................................................ 
513 
36 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting .................................................................. 
-59 
33 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: ............................................................... 
-467 
-474 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................................................. 
-58 
167 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ......... 
-445 
-669 
c) financial liabilities .................................................................................................... 
36 
28 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss ............................................................................................................... 
2,367 
-5,443 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value ............................................ 
-3,619 
5,866 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ....................................... 
5,986 
-11,309 
Net interest and other banking income ...................................................................... 
27,751 
15,005 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk associated with: .................................................... 
-1,416 
-2,636 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................................................. 
-1,359 
-2,579 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ......... 
-57 
-57 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition .................................... 
-29 
-5 
Net income from banking activities ........................................................................... 
26,306 
12,364 
Insurance service result ................................................................................................. 
2,038 
1,961 
a) insurance revenue arising from insurance contracts issued ..................................... 
3,118 
3,195 
b) insurance service expenses arising from insurance contracts issued ........................ 
-1,090 
-1,206 
c) insurance revenue arising from reinsurance contracts held ..................................... 
177 
138 
d) insurance service expenses arising from reinsurance contracts held ....................... 
-167 
-166 
Balance of financial income and expenses related to insurance operations ................... 
-5,318 
3,691 
a) net financial expenses/revenue related to insurance contracts issued ...................... 
-5,319 
3,691 
b) net financial expenses/revenue related to reinsurance contracts held ...................... 
1 
- 
Net income from banking and insurance activities ................................................... 
23,026 
18,016 
Administrative expenses: .............................................................................................. 
-11,505 
-11,058 
a) personnel expenses.................................................................................................... 
-6,781 
-6,455 
b) other administrative expenses ................................................................................... 
-4,724 
-4,603 
Net provisions for risks and charges ............................................................................. 
-326 
-469 
a) commitments and guarantees given .......................................................................... 
50 
-209 
b) other net provisions................................................................................................... 
-376 
-260 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment .......................................... 
-684 
-681 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets ...................................................... 
-973 
-869 
Other operating expenses (income) ............................................................................... 
910 
934 
Operating expenses ..................................................................................................... 
-12,578 
-12,143 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ... 
163 
232 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible assets measured at fair value  
-33 
-46 
Goodwill impairment .................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments .................................................................. 
168 
16 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations.............................................. 
10,746 
6,075 
Taxes on income from continuing operations ............................................................... 
-2,994 
-1,673

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
31.12.2022 
Unaudited 
 
(in millions of €) 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations ................................................ 
7,752 
4,402 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations .................................................. 
- 
- 
Net income (loss) .......................................................................................................... 
7,752 
4,402 
Minority interests .......................................................................................................... 
-28 
-23 
Parent Company's net income (loss) .......................................................................... 
7,724 
4,379 
Basic EPS – Euro ......................................................................................................... 
0.42 
0.23 
Diluted EPS – Euro ..................................................................................................... 
0.42 
0.23

--- Page 380 ---
380
INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024 
The half-yearly information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2023. 
Assets 
30.06.2024 
Unaudited 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
 
 
(in millions of €) 
10. 
Cash and cash equivalents .........................................................................
55,500 
89,270 
20. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ....................
144,792 
144,594 
a) financial assets held for trading ............................................................
37,743 
38,163 
b) financial assets designated at fair value ................................................
6 
1 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ....................
107,043 
106,430 
30. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income .......................................................................................................
147,084 
140,753 
40. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ..............................................
514,168 
518,950 
a) due from banks ......................................................................................
35,201 
32,899 
b) loans to customers .................................................................................
478,967 
486,051 
50. 
Hedging derivatives ...................................................................................
7,406 
7,006 
60. 
Fair value change of financial assets in hedged portfolios (+/-) .................
-6,783 
-5,695 
70. 
Investments in associates and companies subject to joint control ..............
2,626 
2,501 
80. 
Insurance assets .........................................................................................
658 
813 
a) insurance contracts issued that are assets .............................................
439 
412 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are assets .............................................
219 
401 
90. 
Property and equipment .............................................................................
9,131 
9,825 
100. 
Intangible assets .........................................................................................
9,465 
9,524 
of which: ....................................................................................................
- goodwill ...................................................................................................
3,663 
3,672 
110. 
Tax assets ...................................................................................................
14,094 
14,533 
a) current ...................................................................................................
2,297 
1,932 
b) deferred .................................................................................................
11,797 
12,601 
120. 
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations ....................
1,139 
264 
130. 
Other assets ................................................................................................
35,142 
31,232 
Total assets ............................................................................................................
934,422 
963,570

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024 
The half-yearly information below includes comparative figures as at 31 December 2023. 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
30.06.2024 
Unaudited 
31.12.2023 
Audited 
 
 
(in millions of €) 
10. 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost .........................................
608,512 
642,119 
 
a) due to banks ...........................................................................................
48,885 
93,242 
 
b) due to customers ....................................................................................
445,467 
440,449 
 
c) securities issued .....................................................................................
114,160 
108,428 
20. 
Financial liabilities held for trading ...........................................................
45,088 
43,493 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ...............................................
74,089 
72,782 
40. 
Hedging derivatives ...................................................................................
4,058 
5,188 
50. 
Fair value change of financial liabilities in hedged portfolios (+/-) ...........
-5,234 
-3,967 
60. 
Tax liabilities .............................................................................................
2,699 
1,946 
 
a) current ...................................................................................................
506 
458 
 
b) deferred .................................................................................................
2,193 
1,488 
70. 
Liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations .............................................................................
17 
2 
80. 
Other liabilities ..........................................................................................
15,598 
12,741 
90. 
Employee termination indemnities ............................................................
733 
767 
100. 
Allowances for risks and charges ...............................................................
3,786 
4,523 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given .......................................................
495 
524 
 
b) post-employment benefits ......................................................................
92 
98 
 
c) other allowances for risks and charges .................................................
3,199 
3,901 
110. 
Insurance liabilities ....................................................................................
119,676 
119,849 
 
a) insurance contracts issued that are liabilities .......................................
119,659 
119,674 
 
b) reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities .......................................
17 
175 
120. 
Valuation reserves......................................................................................
-2,445 
-2,009 
130. 
Redeemable shares .....................................................................................
- 
- 
140. 
Equity instruments .....................................................................................
8,652 
7,948 
150. 
Reserves .....................................................................................................
17,076 
14,697 
155. 
Interim dividend (-) ....................................................................................
- 
-2,629 
160. 
Share premium reserve ..............................................................................
27,601 
28,003 
170. 
Share capital...............................................................................................
10,369 
10,369 
180. 
Treasury shares (-) .....................................................................................
-744 
-140 
190. 
Minority interests (+/-) ...............................................................................
125 
164 
200. 
Net income (loss) (+/-) ...............................................................................
4,766 
7,724 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity ...........................................................
934,422 
963,570

--- Page 382 ---
382
INTESA SANPAOLO GROUP 
CONSOLIDATED HALF-YEARLY STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024 
The half-yearly financial information below includes comparative figures for the six months ended 30 
June 2023. 
30.06.2024 
Unaudited 
30.06.2023 
Unaudited 
 
 
(in millions of €) 
10. 
Interest and similar income ............................................................. 
17,974 
14,562 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest 
rate method .................................................................................. 
15,175 
13,031 
20. 
Interest and similar expense ............................................................ 
-8,855 
-6,630 
30. 
Interest margin ............................................................................. 
9,119 
7,932 
40. 
Fee and commission income ........................................................... 
5,580 
5,306 
50. 
Fee and commission expense .......................................................... 
-1,332 
-1,366 
60. 
Net fee and commission income ................................................... 
4,248 
3,940 
70. 
Dividend and similar income .......................................................... 
436 
359 
80. 
Profits (Losses) on trading .............................................................. 
20 
69 
90. 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting ................................... 
-5 
-57 
100. 
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: ................................ 
105 
-97 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................... 
81 
72 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................................. 
20 
-187 
c) financial liabilities ...................................................................... 
4 
18 
110. 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities measured 
at fair value through profit or loss................................................ 
1,387 
1,630 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value .............. 
-2,850 
-2,281 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value ......... 
4,237 
3,911 
120. 
Net interest and other banking income ....................................... 
15,310 
13,776 
130. 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk associated with: ...................... 
-573 
-725 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................... 
-593 
-669 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................................. 
20 
-56 
140. 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition ..... 
-7 
3 
150. 
Net income from banking activities ............................................. 
14,730 
13,054 
160. 
Insurance service result ................................................................... 
854 
1,064 
a) insurance revenue arising from insurance contracts issued ....... 
1,569 
1,518 
 
b) insurance service expenses arising from insurance contracts 
issued ........................................................................................... 
-686 
-458 
c) insurance revenue arising from reinsurance contracts held ....... 
62 
73 
d) insurance service expenses arising from reinsurance contracts 
held .............................................................................................. 
-91 
-69 
170. 
Balance of financial income and expenses related to insurance 
operations .................................................................................... 
-2,828 
-2,648 
a) net financial expenses/revenue related to insurance contracts 
issued ........................................................................................... 
-2,827 
-2,652 
b) net financial expenses/revenue related to reinsurance contracts 
held .............................................................................................. 
-1 
4 
180. 
Net income from banking and insurance activities .................... 
12,756 
11,470 
190. 
Administrative expenses: ................................................................ 
-5,341 
-5,256 
a) personnel expenses ..................................................................... 
-3,090 
-3,067 
b) other administrative expenses .................................................... 
-2,251 
-2,189 
200. 
Net provisions for risks and charges ............................................... 
-209 
-130 
a) commitments and guarantees given ............................................ 
31 
32 
b) other net provisions .................................................................... 
-240 
-162 
210. 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment ........... 
-317 
-336 
220. 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets ....................... 
-499 
-451 
230. 
Other operating expenses (income) ................................................. 
423 
462 
240. 
Operating expenses ....................................................................... 
-5,943 
-5,711

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
250. 
Profits (Losses) on investments in associates and companies 
subject to joint control ................................................................. 
93 
194 
260. 
Valuation differences on property, equipment and intangible 
assets measured at fair value ........................................................ 
2 
-22 
270. 
Goodwill impairment ...................................................................... 
- 
- 
280. 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments .................................... 
- 
160 
290. 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing operations ............... 
6,908 
6,091 
300. 
Taxes on income from continuing operations ................................. 
-2,130 
-1,846 
310. 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing operations .................. 
4,778 
4,245 
320. 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued operations .................... 
- 
- 
330. 
Net income (loss) ........................................................................... 
4,778 
4,245 
340. 
Minority interests ............................................................................ 
-12 
-23 
350. 
Parent Company's net income (loss) ........................................... 
4,766 
4,222 
Basic EPS - Euro ............................................................................ 
0.26 
0.23 
 
Diluted EPS - Euro ......................................................................... 
0.26 
0.23

--- Page 384 ---
384
OFFERING AND SALE 
The Securities may be offered to retail clients, professional clients and other eligible counterparties. No 
action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any Securities or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Securities in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and 
which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
1. PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant 
Member State"), each Manager has represented and agreed that, and each further Manager appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of the Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto may not be offered to the public in that Relevant 
Member State, except that such Securities may be offered to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to the prior consent of the relevant Manager(s) 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer having been obtained; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within a Prospectus Exemption (as defined 
below), 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the publication by 
the Issuer or any Manager of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or the 
supplementing by the Issuer or any Manager of a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities.

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
The expression "Prospectus Exemptions" means Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, and includes any additional exemptions and implementation measures applicable in the 
Relevant Member State.  
2. UNITED STATES 
No Securities of any series nor, in case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Entitlement to be delivered 
upon the exercise of such Securities, have been, nor will they be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act. The Securities and the 
Entitlements may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within 
the United States or to a U.S. person unless such offer or sale has been registered under the Securities 
Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.  
The Securities and the Entitlements are being offered and sold outside the U.S. to persons that are not 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S. No Securities of any series, or 
interests therein, or Entitlements may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States (as defined in 
Regulation S) or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, 
pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised.  
The Securities and Entitlements may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. persons at any 
time. Each holder and each beneficial owner of a Security or an Entitlement hereby represents, as 
a condition to purchasing or owning the Security, the Entitlement or any beneficial interest 
therein, that neither it nor any person for whose account or benefit the Securities or Entitlements 
are being purchased is located in the United States, is a U.S. person or was solicited to purchase 
the Securities while present in the United States. Each holder and each beneficial owner of a 
Security or an Entitlement hereby agrees not to offer, sell or deliver any of the Securities or the 
Entitlements, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the U.S. or to any U.S. person. The term “U.S. 
person” has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Manager of an issue of Securities will be required to agree that it, its affiliates and any person 
acting on its or their behalf will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, exercise, redeem, 
transfer or deliver, directly or indirectly, Securities of such series in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, 
redemption, transfer or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any such U.S. person. Each Manager of an issue of Securities will be required to agree that 
it, its affiliates, and any person acting on its or their behalf will not offer or sell the Securities at any 
time except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and that neither it, 
its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf will engage in any "directed selling efforts" 
(as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) with respect to the Securities and it and they will 
comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. The terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Any person purchasing Securities of any series or Entitlements must agree with the Manager or the 
seller of such Securities that (i) it is not a U.S. person and it is not located in the United States and was 
not solicited to purchase the Securities while present in the United States, (ii) it will not at any time 
offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or deliver, directly or indirectly, any

--- Page 386 ---
386
Securities of such series so purchased in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of any, U.S. person, (iii) it 
is not purchasing any Securities of such series or any Entitlement for the account or benefit of any U.S. 
person and (iv) it will not make offers, sales, resales, trades, pledges, exercises, redemptions, transfers 
or deliveries of any Securities of such series (otherwise acquired) or Entitlements, directly or indirectly, 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. Each Manager of an issue of 
Securities will also be required to agree, and any person purchasing Securities of any series must agree, 
to send each person who purchases any Securities of such series or Entitlements from it, at or prior to 
confirmation of sale of any Securities, a written confirmation (which shall include the definitions of 
"United States" and "U.S. persons" set forth herein) stating that the Securities and Entitlements have not 
been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and that trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity 
Exchange Act and stating that such purchaser agrees that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, 
pledge, exercise, redeem, transfer or deliver Securities or Entitlements, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. Prior to the delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Security the holder thereof will be required to represent 
that, inter alia, he is not a U.S. person, the Security was not exercised on behalf of a U.S. person and in 
the case of Physical Delivery Securities, no securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any 
exercise thereof. See Condition 19(A) in respect of Warrants and Condition 21(A) in respect of 
Certificates.  
The Securities are also subject to U.S. tax law requirements and, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations, may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to United States persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In July 2010 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") was 
enacted, which provides for substantial changes to the regulation of the futures and over-the-counter 
(OTC) derivative markets. Dodd-Frank requires regulators, including the CFTC, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), the Department of the Treasury, the Financial Stability Oversight 
Council (the FSOC), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation to adopt regulations to implement many of the requirements of the legislation. 
Most of the regulations under Dodd-Frank have been adopted and these legislative and regulatory 
changes have increased the level of regulation of markets and market participants, and therefore the 
costs of participating in the commodities, futures and OTC derivative markets. Without limitation, these 
changes will require many OTC derivative transactions to be executed on regulated exchanges or 
trading platforms and cleared through regulated clearing houses. Swap dealers are required to be 
registered, to comply with business conduct standards and to clear certain classes of interest rate and 
credit default swaps through registered derivatives clearing organizations (unless an exception to 
clearing applies). The various legislative and regulatory changes, and the resulting increased costs and 
regulatory oversight requirements, could result in market participants being required to, or deciding to, 
limit their trading activities, which could cause reductions in market liquidity and increases in market 
volatility. These consequences could adversely affect the return on and value of the Securities. 
US Tax Selling Restrictions 
Securities that constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982, the Code, or US Treasury Regulations and are not considered to be 
in “registered form” for US federal income tax purposes ("TEFRA Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
a United States person except in compliance with (i) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for proposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code (the "D Rules"), or (ii) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for proposes of Section 4701 of the Code (the "C Rules"). 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the D Rules, the Issuer and each Manager has 
represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (a) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
required restricted period it will not offer or sell such TEFRA Notes to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person and (b) it has not delivered and agrees 
that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Global Securities that are 
TEFRA Notes that will be sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such TEFRA 
Notes are aware that such TEFRA Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to 
a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to 
the extent permitted under the D Rules); 
(iii) if it is a United States person, it is acquiring such TEFRA Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and if it retains such TEFRA Notes for its own account, it 
will do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; and 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires such TEFRA Notes from the Issuer or the 
Manager for purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Notes during the restricted period, the Issuer or 
Dealer either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in Paragraphs (i), (ii) 
and (iii) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or 
distributor for the benefit of the Issuer and each Dealer the representations and agreements contained in 
such Paragraphs. 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the C Rules, the Issuer and each Manager has 
represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such 
TEFRA Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance; and 
(ii) it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if it is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its US office, if 
any, in the offer or sale of such TEFRA Notes. 
Terms used in this Section shall have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, ("Code") and the US Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, including the C 
Rules and the D Rules. 
The Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 repealed the C Rules and D Rules for 
TEFRA Notes issued after 18 March 2012. However, in Notice 2012-20, the US Department of

--- Page 388 ---
388
Treasury and the US Internal Revenue Service indicated that they intend to provide in regulations that 
rules identical to the C Rules and D Rules will apply to non-US issuers of TEFRA Notes for purposes 
of establishing an exemption from the excise tax imposed by Section 4701 of the Code. (The amount of 
the excise tax is one per cent. of the principal amount of the obligation, multiplied by the number of 
calendar years until the obligation reaches maturity). Consequently, TEFRA Notes issued in accordance 
with the C Rules or D Rules should continue to be treated as “foreign targeted obligations” that are 
exempt from the excise tax. 
3. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor either in the European Economic Area or in the specified 
jurisdictions only. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); or 
iv. 
a retail client within the meaning of any equivalent definition under the applicable 
legislation of the specified jurisdiction outside the EEA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 
4. SWITZERLAND 
Qualification as structured products 
If and to the extend the Securities qualify as structured products in Switzerland pursuant to article 70 of 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), they are neither subject to authorisation nor supervision by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA"). None of the Securities 
constitutes a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Collective 
Investment Schemes Act ("CISA") and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer.  
Restrictions for distribution to Private Clients (as defined below) 
Securities may be offered to private clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Private Clients"; see also 
Opting-in Client defined below) pursuant to article 4 para. 2 FinSA in or from Switzerland only if a key

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
investor document pursuant to article 58 et seqq. FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt) ("KID") or pursuant 
to the PRIIPs Regulation ("PRIIPs-KID") relating to the Securities has been prepared and provided to 
Private Clients, unless Private Clients may exclusively purchase Securities under an asset management 
agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA.  
If such disclosure document has not been prepared and provided to Private Clients, the Securities may 
only be offered in or from Switzerland to Private Clients which exclusively purchase Securities under 
an asset management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 FinSA, professional clients 
(professionelle Kunden) and institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional and 
Institutional Clients") as defined in article 4 para. 3 and 4 and article 5 para. 1 FinSA. In such case, 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other documents aimed at marketing specific Securities shall be 
despatched, copied to or otherwise made available to, and the Securities may not be offered for sale or 
advertised to any person in Switzerland, except to such Private Clients, Professional and Institutional 
Clients, i.e. to (a) regulated financial intermediaries pursuant to the Swiss Banking Act, the Swiss 
Financial Institutions Act and CISA (as currently in force), (b) regulated insurance institutions pursuant 
to the Swiss Insurance Supervision Act, (c) foreign financial intermediaries subject to a prudential 
supervision comparable to the one over the persons pursuant to (a) and (b) above, (d) central banks, (e) 
public entities with professional treasury operations, (f) occupational pension schemes and other 
institutions whose purpose is to serve occupational pensions with professional treasury operations, (g) 
undertakings with professional treasury operations, (h) large companies that exceed two of the three 
relevant thresholds, being (x) balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (y) turnover of CHF 40 million, 
and/or (z) equity capital of CHF 2 million, (i) private investment structures for high-net worth 
individuals with professional treasury operations and (j) Opting-out Clients (as defined below), 
provided such clients in (a) through (h) are not Oping-in Clients (as defined below). 
An "Opting-in Client" is a by default Professional or Institutional Client who confirms in writing 
according to article 5 para. 5 and 6 FinSA, respectively, that it shall be deemed and is forthwith treated 
as Private Client pursuant to article 4 para. 2 FinSA. 
An "Opting-out Client" is a private individual or a private investment structure who confirms credibly 
and in writing (i) that, based on his/her education and his/her professional experience or based on 
comparable experience in the financial sector, he/she has the necessary knowledge to understand the 
risks connected with an investment in the Securities and who owns, directly or indirectly, eligible 
financial assets of at least CHF 500'000, or (ii) that he/she owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial 
assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
No public offering 
Furthermore, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or 
invest in the Securities described herein. The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
KID, PRIIPs-KID or other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland except if the following prospectus 
requirements are complied with. 
Compliance of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms and additional offering documents required, if 
any, with article 40 et seqq. FinSA, approval of this Base Prospectus according to the requirements of 
the FinSA by a prospectus review body authorized by FINMA for that purpose pursuant to article 51 et 
seqq. FinSA (the "Review Body"), and the registration of the relevant Final Terms with the Review 
Body according to the requirements of the FinSA, unless an exception from such obligations pursuant

--- Page 390 ---
390
to article 36 et seqq. FinSA applies. 
5. GENERAL 
The Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to represent and agree that it will 
(to the best of its knowledge) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it 
is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
Manager shall have any responsibility therefor.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Manager represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the Manager or, as the case may be, each Manager will be required to 
comply with such other restrictions as the Issuer and the Manager(s) shall agree and as shall be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS31 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert 
jurisdiction(s) [•]]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation [or (iv) a retail client within the meaning of 
any equivalent definition under the applicable legislation of [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•]]. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in [the EEA] [and] [Insert jurisdiction(s) [•] [only]] has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in [the EEA] [and] 
[Insert jurisdiction(s) [•] [only]] may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
FINAL TERMS 
[Insert date] 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.P.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08 
[Title of Warrants or Certificates] 
[[commercial name:] [referred to for commercial purposes as] [“[●]”] 
under the Warrants and Certificates Programme IMI Corporate & Investment Banking  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [•] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
as amended]32. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation] 33 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] is [are] available for 
viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and the specified offices of 
the Principal Security Agent]34. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [has] 
[have] been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com) and the Issuer 
(www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com). [An issue specific summary of the Securities is 
annexed to these Final Terms]. [In the case of the Securities admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin [and of the 
 
31  
Where Securities are to be admitted to trading on the GEM, this document constitutes a pricing supplement (the "Form of 
Pricing Supplement") as set out in the "Listing and admission to trading rules for debt securities” of GEM and, with 
respect to such Securities, a reference to the Form of Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to the Form of Pricing 
Supplement where the context requires. 
32  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.   
33  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.   
34  
Delete wording in square brackets in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities.

--- Page 392 ---
392
Issuer]35.]] 
(The Final Terms relating to each issue of Securities will contain (without limitation) such of the 
following information as is applicable in respect of such Securities. Any information that is not 
applicable will be deleted) 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of 
Securities and words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning 
in these Final Terms insofar as they relate to such series of Securities, save as where otherwise 
expressly provided. 
These Final Terms relate to the series of Securities as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" 
below. References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
[Warrants/Certificates] that are the subject of these Final Terms and references to "Securities" and 
"Security" shall be construed accordingly.  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date:)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 March 2024, which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] is [are] available for 
viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and the specified offices of 
the Principal Security Agent]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [has] 
[have] been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com) and the Issuer 
(www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com). [An issue specific summary of the Securities is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]] 
 
35  
Delete wording in square brackets where an exempt offer of Securities is anticipated. 
1.  
Specific provisions for each Series: 
[Series 
Number 
No. of Securities 
issued 
[Issue Price][Indicative 
Price] per Security 
[Reduced Initial 
Listing Price per 
Security] 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫] 
⚫ 
⚫ 
⚫ 
2.  
Tranche Number: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
3.  
Minimum Exercise 
[Amount][Number]: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
4.  
Minimum Trading 
[Amount][Number]: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
5.  
Consolidation:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
[The Securities are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with the [insert title of relevant Series

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
Securities which are fungible 
with an existing Series of 
Securities) 
of Securities] issued on [insert issue date]]. [Not 
applicable] 
6.  
Type of Securities and 
Underlying(s): 
(a) 
The Securities are [Certificates][[Covered] 
Warrants]. [The Certificates are [Index 
Securities] [and] [Share Securities] [and] 
[Exchange Rate Securities] [and] [Interest 
Rate Securities] [and] [Futures Contract 
Securities] [and] [Commodity Securities] 
[and] [Fund Securities] [and] [Govies 
Securities] [and] [Combined Securities].] 
[The Warrants are [European][American] 
Style Warrants.] 
(b) 
The item(s) to which the Securities relate 
[is] [are] [specify the Underlying(s) in 
relation to the remuneration amounts and 
the Cash Settlement Amount] 
[if the Underlying is a Share, specify: 
name of the issuer of the share and ISIN 
or other identification code] 
[if the Underlying is an Index specify the 
name of the Index, and where the 
composition, set of rules and governing 
rules may be found] 
[if the Underlying is a Fund, specify the 
name of the Fund and where the set of 
rules and related information may be 
found] 
[if the Underlying is an Interest Rate, 
describe the interest rate] 
[if 
the 
Underlying 
qualifies 
as 
"benchmark" for the purposes of the 
Benchmark Regulation insert: 
[specify benchmark(s)] [is/are] provided 
by [insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] 
[repeat as necessary]. [As at the date of 
these 
Final 
Terms, 
[insert 
administrator(s) 
legal 
name(s)] 
[appear[s]]/[[does]/[do] 
not 
appear] 
[repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[insert benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation [by virtue of Article 2 of that

--- Page 394 ---
394
Regulation] [repeat as necessary] OR [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that 
[insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence]. 
[repeat as necessary].] 
[if the Underlying is an Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, an ADR or GDR, insert 
description of the Underlying and specify 
where to obtain information about such 
Underlying] 
[if the Underlying is a Futures Contract, 
insert description of the Underlying, 
specify if Futures Contract N-th Near-by 
Feature is applicable (and relevant 
details) and specify where to obtain 
information about such Underlying] 
[if the Underlying is a Commodity, insert 
description of the Underlying and specify 
where to obtain information about such 
Underlying] 
[if the Underlying is a Government Bond, 
specify: (i) whether the Underlying is the 
Government Bond or the Yield of 
Government Bond, (ii) the name of the 
issuer of the security and (iii) the ISIN or 
other identification code. Where the 
Underlying is the Yield of Government 
Bond, specify also the information source] 
[Specify where information about the past 
and the future performance of the 
Underlying and its volatility can be found]  
[in case of Basket insert:  
a Basket of [    ] composed as follows:  
i 
Basket 
Constituent 
[Basket 
Constituent 
Weight] 
[Cap] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[In case of Securities linked to a Basket of

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
Baskets insert:  
a Basket of baskets (each a "Basket 
Constituent") composed as follows: 
 
 
i 
Basket 
Constitue
nt 
[Basket 
Constitue
nt 
Weight] 
[Cap] 
t 
Financial 
assets 
composing 
the Basket 
Constituent 
Weight of 
the 
financial 
asset 
composing 
the Basket 
Constitue
nt 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
 
 
] 
[in case of Multiperformance Certificates 
insert:  
the following Underlyings:  
i 
Underlying 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[in case of Currency Certificates insert: 
the following exchange rates: 
Exchange Rate 
Exchange Rate

--- Page 396 ---
396
Weight 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
] 
[in case of Spread Certificates or if 
Spread is applicable insert: 
Underlying A: [   ] 
Underlying B: [   ]] 
[in case of Combined Securities, specify 
the applicable information above for each 
type of Underlyings]  
7.  
Reference Underlying: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[    ] [Not applicable] 
 
Trigger Value: 
[    ] [Not applicable] 
8.  
Typology: 
[Standard Long Certificates] 
[Standard Short Certificates] 
[Max Long Certificates] 
[Max Consolidation Long Certificates] 
[Max Short Certificates] 
[Type A Spread Certificates] 
[Type B Spread Certificates] 
[Type C Spread Certificates] 
[Type D Spread Certificates] 
[Twin Win Long Certificates] 
[Twin Win Short Certificates] 
[Long Benchmark Certificates] 
[Short Benchmark Certificates] 
[Long Turbo Certificates] 
[Short Turbo Certificates] 
[Long Outperformance Certificates] 
[Short Outperformance Certificates] 
[Buffer Protection Certificates] 
[Global Performance Certificates] 
[Long Dropdown Protection Certificates] 
[Short Dropdown Protection Certificates] 
[Long Dynamic Protection Certificates] 
[Short Dynamic Protection Certificates] 
[Currency Certificates] 
[Multiperformance Long Certificates] 
[Multiperformance Max Long Certificates] 
[Multiperformance Short Certificates] 
[Multiperformance Max Short Certificates] 
[Long Dual Currency FX Certificates]

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
[Short Dual Currency FX Certificates] 
[Gap Long Certificates / Gap Short Certificates;] 
[Calendar Certificates] 
[One Star Certificates] 
[Switch Certificates] 
[Call Certificates] 
[Digital Certificates] 
[Discount Certificates] 
[Combined Amount Certificates] 
[Long Outperformance Combined Certificates] 
[Reverse Butterfly Certificates] 
[Multiple Strike Certificates] 
[Type A Long Constant Leverage Certificates] 
[Type A Short Constant Leverage Certificates] 
[Type B Long Constant Leverage Certificates] 
[Type B Short Constant Leverage Certificates] 
[Call Warrants] 
[Call Covered Warrants] 
[Call Spread Warrants] 
[Put Warrants] 
[Put Covered Warrants] 
[Put Spread Warrants] 
[Interest Rate Warrants] 
[Corridor Warrants] 
9.  
Exercise Date: 
[    ] [Not applicable] 
 
Renouncement Notice: 
[Applicable [Specify the relevant Renouncement 
Notice Cut-off Time] [Not applicable] 
10.  
Settlement Date: 
[    ][Not applicable] 
11.  
Delivery Date: 
[    ][Not applicable] 
12.  
Issue Date: 
[    ]. 
13.  
Issue Currency: 
[The Issue Currency is] [    ] 
14.  
Purchase Price: 
(Only applicable in relation to 
Digital Certificates) 
[    ] [Not applicable] 
15.  
Business Day: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention][    ]  
16.  
Exchange Business Day: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention][    ]  
17.  
Settlement Business Day: 
(Only applicable in case of 
Physical Delivery Securities) 
[Settlement Business day means [       ]] [Not 
applicable]  
18.  
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash

--- Page 398 ---
398
Settled 
Securities)] 
[or] 
[physical 
delivery 
(Physical Delivery Securities)] (in case of 
Physical Delivery Securities, specify if Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notice is applicable and/or 
any other applicable details). 
19.  
Exchange Rate: 
[The applicable Exchange Rate for conversion of 
the Underlying Reference Currency into the 
Settlement Currency, is [insert rate of exchange 
and details of how and when such rate is to be 
ascertained]] [Not applicable]. 
20.  
Settlement Currency: 
The Settlement Currency [[for the payment of [the 
Cash Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash 
Settled 
Securities)/[the 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Amount] (in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities)] [the Early Redemption Amount] [and 
any 
other 
remuneration 
amount 
under 
the 
Securities]] is [     ]. 
[If the Securities are Cash Settled Securities that 
are Dual Currency Securities: The Securities are 
Dual Currency Securities (For the purposes of 
Condition 3 and Condition 23 include applicable 
provisions, such as:  
- Exchange Rate/method of calculating the 
Exchange Rate 
- the party, if any, responsible for calculating the 
Cash Settlement Amount 
- the provisions applicable where calculation by 
reference to the Rate of Exchange is impossible or 
impracticable, including a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions 
- 
person 
at 
whose 
option 
the 
Specified 
Currency(ies) are payable).] 
21.  
Name and address of 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [     ]. [Insert address of 
Calculation Agent] 
22.  
Exchange(s): 
[The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [     ][in respect 
of each component security of the Index (each an 
Index Constituent), [     ] [the principal stock 
exchange on which such Index Constituent is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent]]. 
[Not applicable] 
23.  
[Reference Source] [, Index 
Sponsor ] [, Fund Manager] 
[,Calculation Entity]: 
[    ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
24.  
Related Exchange(s): 
[(For the purposes of Condition 15) The relevant 
Related Exchange(s) [is/are] [     ] [Not applicable] 
25.  
Futures Contract N-th Near-by 
Feature:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Futures Contract Securities, 
delete the sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Futures Contract N-th Near-by: 
[    ] 
 
N-th Near-by Initial Date:  
(Only applicable if the Initial 
Reference Value is determined 
on the basis of the Futures 
Contract N-th Near-by) 
[    ] [Not applicable]  
 
Rolling: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Rollover Date(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
26.  
Open End Feature: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
27.  
Put Option:  
(Only if Put Option or Open 
End Feature is specified as 
applicable. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details required to exercise 
the Put Option]][Not applicable]  
 
Put Option Amount: 
[Applicable [Specify details]][Not applicable] 
 
Put Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Put Exercise Date: 
[     ] 
 
Put Notice Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [     ] [Specify each period if 
more than one] 
28.  
Call Option:  
(Only if Call Option or Open 
End Feature is specified as 
applicable. Delete the sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]][Not applicable] 
 
Call Valuation Period(s):  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Call Exercise Date: 
[     ]

--- Page 400 ---
400
 
Call Notice Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [     ] [Specify each period if 
more than one] 
29.  
Maximum Level: 
[Applicable [Specify level]] Not applicable] 
30.  
Minimum Level:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Fund Securities) 
[Applicable [Specify level]] Not applicable]  
 
31.  
Settlement Amount: 
[Insert details of how Cash Settlement Amount / 
Physical Delivery is to be calculated pursuant to 
Condition 23 (Pay-out Provisions) [     ] 
[Specify the Underlying(s) which will be considered 
for the purposes of the calculation of the Cash 
Settlement Amount or, if the Combo Feature is 
applicable, the method of calculation and the 
payout 
formula 
for 
each 
Underlying/Basket 
Constituent] 
32.  
Multiplier: 
[The Multiplier to be applied is [     ]][Not 
applicable] 
33.  
Relevant Asset(s):  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Physical Delivery Securities) 
[The Relevant Asset to which the Securities relate 
[is/are] [     ]][Not applicable]. 
34.  
Entitlement: 
(Only applicable in relation to 
Physical Delivery Securities) 
[Not applicable.]  
[The Entitlement in relation to each Security is [   ] 
(For the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 22 
insert if necessary, details of how the Entitlement 
will be calculated). 
The Entitlement will be evidenced by [For the 
purposes of Condition 22 insert details of how the 
Entitlement will be evidenced] 
The Entitlement will be delivered [For the 
purposes of Condition 22 insert details of the 
method of delivery of the Entitlement].] 
35.  
AMF[1][2]:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Benchmark Certificates, delete 
sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
 
AMF[1][2] Percentage:  
[Specify details] 
 
Annual Margin: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
 
AM Percentage: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]]

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
36.  
VMF:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Benchmark Certificates and 
Constant Leverage Certificates, 
delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Not applicable] [Applicable. [Specify details]] 
 
VMF Percentagex:  
[Specify details] 
 
AMF Percentage:  
[Specify details] 
37.  
Index Leverage Factor: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
38.  
Constant Leverage Factor:  
(Only applicable in relation to  
Type B Long Constant 
Leverage Certificates and Type 
B Short Constant Leverage 
Certificates, delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Trigger Value: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Cross Currency Rate: 
[[     ] [Specify also the relevant source] [Not 
applicable]]  
 
Repo Rate0: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Spread Cost0: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Tax Adjustment Factor0: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dividend Publication: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
39.  
Strike Price:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Short Benchmark Certificates, 
Type A Short Constant 
Leverage Certificates and 
Turbo Certificates, delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dividend Percentage: 
[[     ] [subject to adjustment by the Calculation 
Agent] 
 
Restrike Costt: 
[Specify details] 
40.  
Conversion Rate:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Dual Currency FX Certificates) 
[     ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 402 ---
402
41.  
Underlying Reference 
Currency: 
[Applicable. The Underlying Reference Currency is 
[     ]][Not applicable] 
42.  
Quanto Option: 
[Applicable [in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
43.  
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] [Specify for each 
Underlying, if more than one]] [Not applicable]  
44.  
Valuation Date(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] [Specify for each 
Underlying, if more than one]] [Not applicable]  
45.  
Intraday Value: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
46.  
Reference Value: 
[For the purposes of the [determination of the] 
[Accumulating Event] [Barrier Event] [Barrier Gap 
Event] [Consolidation Floor Event] [Coupon 
Event] [Digital Event] [Cliquet Valuation Period] 
[Early Redemption Event] [Extra Consolidation 
Digital Event] [Gearing Event] [Knock-in Event] 
[Knock-out 
Event] 
[Multiple 
Strike 
Eventi] 
[Participation Rebate Event] [Restrike Event] 
[Switch 
Event] 
[Internal 
Return 
Amount] 
[Participation Remuneration Event] [Participation 
Remuneration 
Amount] 
[Memory 
Effect] 
[Consolidation Effect] [Click-on Effect] [One Star 
Event]] [calculation of the performance in relation 
to the [Global Performance] [Performance Sum]] 
the Reference Value [insert determination or 
calculation method among those specified within 
Condition 3, including, if applicable, the Intraday 
Value details and, in relation to Securities with 
more than one Underlying, the Underlying(s) to be 
considered for the determination of the relevant 
event. In the event that the Adjusted Price applies, 
specify details (e.g. Dividend Period Start Date, 
Synthetic 
Ex-Dividend 
Date 
and 
Synthetic 
Dividends).] 
[Not applicable]  
47.  
Initial Reference Value:  
[     ] [insert calculation method of the Initial 
Reference Value among those specified within 
Condition 3 and, in relation to Securities with more 
than one Underlying, the Underlying(s) to be 
considered or, if applicable, the Intraday Value 
details for each Underlying] [Not applicable] 
 
Initial Reference Value 
Determination Period(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]][Not applicable] 
48.  
Final Reference Value: 
[     ] [insert calculation method of the Final

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
Reference Value among those specified within 
Condition 3 and, in relation to Securities with more 
than one Underlying, the Underlying(s) to be 
considered or, if applicable, the Intraday Value 
details for each Underlying. In the event that the 
Adjusted Price applies, specify details (e.g. 
Dividend Period Start Date, Synthetic Ex-Dividend 
Date and Synthetic Dividends)] [Not applicable] 
 
Final Reference Value 
Determination Period(s): 
[[     ] / from [     ] to [     ]][Not applicable] 
49.  
Best Of Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
50.  
Worst Of Feature: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Click-on Effect: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Click-on Level: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Click-on Valuation Period: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Magnet Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
51.  
Rainbow Feature: 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
52.  
Reverse Split: 
(Only applicable in relation to 
Turbo Certificates, Benchmark 
Certificates and Constant 
Leverage Certificates, delete 
the sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Reverse Split Notice Period: 
[Specify the Reverse Split Notice Period for the 
purposes of Condition 24] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CERTIFICATES 
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)]  
53.  
Performance Cap: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [In relation to 
Performance of the Underlying A equal to [    ]% 
and in relation to Performance of the Underlying B 
equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Floor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [In relation to 
Performance of the Underlying A equal to [    ]% 
and in relation to Performance of the Underlying B 
equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.]

--- Page 404 ---
404
 
Performance Participation 
Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
54.  
Initial Percentage:  
[[     ]%] [Specify details in case of more than one 
Initial Percentages] [Not applicable] 
55.  
Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
56.  
Down Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
57.  
Up Participation Factor: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
58.  
Initial Leverage:  
(Delete sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable]  
 
Adjust Factor: 
[     ]% 
59.  
Barrier Event: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Level: 
[     ][Specify the level of the period or the different 
levels for the same period and for each period if 
more than one]  
[Not applicable] 
 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Upper Barrier Level:  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Selection Period: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Strike Observation Period: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Air Bag Factor: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Percentage: 
[     ]% [Not applicable] 
 
Spread Protection: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Protection Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dropdown Protection Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dropdown Protection Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Dynamic Protection Level:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
[     ] [Not applicable]

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
Dynamic Protection 
Certificates) 
 
Step Up Amount:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Dynamic Protection 
Certificates) 
[     ] [Not applicable]  
 
Sigma Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Predetermined Loss Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Short Protection: 
(Only in case of Standard Short 
Barrier Protected Certificates 
and Max Short Barrier 
Protected Certificates) 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Butterfly Level:  
(Only in case of Reverse 
Butterfly Certificates) 
[[     ]% of the Initial Reference Value] [Not 
applicable] 
60.  
Barrier Gap Event:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Gap Observation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ]] [Specify each period if 
more than one] 
 
Barrier Gap Level: 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Gap Leverage: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] 
61.  
Cap Level(s):  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Percentage: 
[[     ]%][if Spread is applicable specify in case of 
more than one Cap Percentages] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Style 1:  
(Only in case of Restrike 
Feature) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
Cap Style 2:  
(Only in case of Restrike 
Feature) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
62.  
Floor Percentage: 
[[     ] %][if Spread is applicable specify in case of 
more than one Floor Percentages] [Not applicable]

--- Page 406 ---
406
63.  
Consolidation Floor Event: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Floor Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [from [     ] to [     ] 
 
Consolidation Floor Level: 
[     ] [Specify the level both for the purposes of the 
occurrence of the event and for the Cash Settlement 
Amount, if different] [Specify the level of the period 
or the different levels for the same period and for 
each period if more than one and, if a range 
applies, the Up Range Level/Down Range Level, 
for each period if more than one]  
 
Consolidation Participation 
Factor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [     ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Cap Consolidation Amount: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
64.  
Cap Barrier Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
65.  
Cap Down Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
66.  
Strike Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
67.  
Calendar Cap Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
68.  
Calendar Floor Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
69.  
Gearing Factor: 
(Only applicable in relation to 
Standard Long Certificates) 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable]  
70.  
One Star Event:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
One Star Certificates, delete 
sub-paragraphs 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[Applicable. [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
One Star Trigger Level: 
[     ]% [Specify for each Underlying or each 
Basket Constituent] 
 
Lower One Star Trigger 
Level: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Upper One Star Trigger 
Level:  
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
One Star Determination Period: 
[     ][     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
 
One Star Selection Period: 
[[     ] [     ] / from [     ] to [     ]] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
71.  
Switch Event:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Switch Level: 
[     ] % 
 
Switch Valuation Period: 
[     ][     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
72.  
Multiple Strike Eventi:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Multiple Strike Leveli: 
[     ] [Specify details] 
 
Multiple Strike Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify each period if more than one] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Multiple Participation Factori: 
[     ]  
 
Multiple Amounti: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
73.  
Spread:  
(Delete sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
Margin: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable] 
74.  
Gearing Event:  
(Only applicable in relation to 
Dynamic Protection 
Certificates, delete sub-
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Gearing Level: 
[     ] 
 
Gearing: 
[     ]%  
 
Initial Gearing: 
[     ]%  
75.  
Buffer Event: (Delete sub- 
paragraphs if not applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Buffer Percentage: 
[     ] % 
 
Performance Sum: 
[The Performance Sum will be calculated on the 
Performance 
Observation 
Date(s) 
[insert 
calculation method and strategy]. 
 
Performance Sum Cap: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.] 
 
Performance Sum Floor: 
[Applicable. Equal to [    ]%] [Not applicable.]

--- Page 408 ---
408
 
Protection Percentage: 
[     ] % 
 
Buffer Valuation Period(s): 
[     ]  
76.  
Global Performance:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [The Global Performance will be 
calculated on the Performance Observation Date(s) 
[insert calculation method] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Factor: 
[     ]% 
 
Local Floor Percentage: 
[     ]% 
 
Global Strike Percentage: 
[     ]% 
 
Performance Observation 
Date(s): (Only applicable in 
case of Buffer Protection 
Certificates and Global 
Performance Certificates) 
[     ]  
[     ] / from [     ] to [     ] 
 
Strike Level: 
(Only applicable to Dual 
Currency FX Certificates) 
[     ][Not applicable] 
77.  
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
(Only applicable in case of 
Physical Delivery Securities) 
[Not applicable] [Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity applies to the Securities] 
78.  
Digital Percentage: 
(Only applicable to Digital 
Certificates) 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
79.  
Settlement Level: 
(Only applicable to Digital 
Certificates) 
[[     ]%][Not applicable] 
80.  
Combined Amount: 
(Only applicable to Combined 
Amount Certificates. Delete 
sub- paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable] [The Combined Amount will be equal 
to the product of the Multiplier of the Underlying 
specified below and the relevant Final Reference 
Value] [Not applicable]  
 
Underlying: 
[     ] [specify underlying to be used for the 
determination of the Combined Amount] 
81.  
Darwin Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REMUNERATION 
AMOUNTS 
AND 
EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)] 
82.  
Knock-out Feature:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
[Applicable in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
applicable) 
 
Knock-out Event: 
[     ] [Specify details for each period if more than 
one] 
 
Knock-out Level: 
[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one] 
 
Knock-out Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify details for each period if more than 
one] 
83.  
Knock-in Feature:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable in relation to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
 
Knock-in Event: 
[     ] [Specify details for each period if more than 
one] 
 
Knock-in Level: 
[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one] 
 
Knock-in Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify each period if more than one] 
84.  
Digital Amount(s):  
(Delete sub-paragraphs of not 
applicable) 
[     ] [Specify details for each level/period if more 
than one] [Equal to Coupon Premium 1 or Coupon 
Premium 2 depending on the occurrence of Coupon 
Event] [Not applicable] [If Multiple Level Option is 
applicable, specify details and each amount (i.e. 
the Digital Amount 1, the Digital Amount 2 and so 
on) and in relation to which Digital Valuation 
Period(s))] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[[     ] [Specify Underlying(s) in relation to each 
Digital Event]][Not applicable] 
 
Digital Level(s): 
[     ] [Specify details of the level(s) and, if a range 
applies, the Up Range Level/Down Range Level, 
for each period if more than one] [Multiple Level 
Option applicable. [     ] [Specify details and each 
level (i.e. the Digital Level 1, the Digital Level 2 
and so on) and in relation to which Digital 
Valuation Period(s)]] 
 
Digital Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
Digital Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ]

--- Page 410 ---
410
 
Digital Combo Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Valuation Period(s): 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Level: 
[[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Valuation 
Period(s): 
[[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]][Not applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Level: 
[[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Extra Consolidation Digital 
Period(s): 
[[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Level: 
[[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Valuation Period(s): 
[[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Path Dependency Effect: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Path Dependency Amount: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
85.  
Restrike Feature:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable]  
 
Restrike Level: 
[     ] % [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
Restrike Observation Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]  
 
Restrike Percentage: 
[     ] % [Specify for each period if more than one] 
86.  
Plus Amount(s):  
(Delete sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Plus Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ]

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
87.  
Accumulated Amount(s):  
(Delete sub-paragraph if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable. 
The 
Accumulated 
Amount 
is 
[Accumulated 
Amount 
Type 
A] 
[and] 
[Accumulated Amount Type B] [Specify the 
determination 
method 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
Accumulated Valuation Date] [Specify details] (If 
an Early Redemption Level is applicable, specify 
whether the payment of the Accumulated Amount is 
conditional 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Early 
Redemption Event)] [Not applicable] 
 
Accumulating Amount(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one]  
 
Accumulating Event(s): 
[     ] [Specify details] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[[     ] [Specify Underlying(s) in relation to the 
determination of the Accumulating Event]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Accumulating Level(s): 
[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one] [Not applicable] 
 
Accumulating Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
Accumulated Valuation 
Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
Accumulated Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one]   
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
 
Accumulating Autocallable 
Trigger Amount(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
[Not applicable] 
88.  
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [     ] [Specify for each period if more 
than one]] [Equal to Coupon Premium 1 or Coupon 
Premium 2 depending on the occurrence of Coupon 
Event] [The Early Redemption Amount[s] [is] [are] 
[Long [Cap] Early Redemption Amount[s]] [and] 
[Short [Cap] Early Redemption Amount[s]] (For 
the purposes of Condition 3 and Condition 23, 
insert details for each Early Redemption Amount 
and the valuation date(s) for the determination of 
the performance of the Underlying if different from 
the Early Redemption Valuation Period(s))] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[[     ] [Specify underlying(s) in relation to the 
calculation of each Early Redemption Amount]]

--- Page 412 ---
412
[Not applicable] 
 
Early Participation Factort: 
[[     ]% [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Level: 
[[     ] [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Percentage: 
[[     ]% [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Cap Amount: 
[[     ] [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Event: 
[     ] [Specify details] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[[     ] [Specify Underlying(s) in relation to each 
Early Redemption Event]] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Level: 
[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one]  
 
Early Redemption Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
Early Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
89.  
Early Partial Capital Payment 
Amount:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Early Partial Capital Payment 
Date: 
[[     ] [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
 
Outstanding Amount 
Determination Date(s): 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
90.  
Cumulated Bonus Amount: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Bonus Percentage: 
[     ]  
 
Bonus Observation Date(s):  
[     ]  
 
Bonus Payment Date(s): 
[     ]  
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
91.  
Coupon Event:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Coupon Level: 
[     ]

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
 
Coupon Determination Period: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Valuation Date: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Premium 1: 
[     ] 
 
Coupon Premium 2: 
[     ] 
92.  
Internal Return Amount:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable. The Internal Return Amount is [IRA 
Compound / IRA Simple] [Specify details]] [Not 
applicable]  
 
Underlying(s): 
[     ] [Specify Underlying(s) in relation to the 
calculation of the Internal Return Amount]][Not 
applicable] 
 
Annual Valuation Period(s): 
[     ]  
 
IRA Cap: 
[[   ]%] [Not applicable] 
 
Annual Remuneration Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify date(s) for each Annual Valuation 
Period if more than one] 
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
93.  
Participation Remuneration 
Amount:  
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable. 
The 
Participation 
Remuneration 
Amount[s] 
[is] 
[are] 
[Long 
Participation 
Remuneration Amount[s] Form A] [and] [Long 
Participation Remuneration Amount[s] Form B] 
[Short Participation Remuneration Amount[s]] 
[Spread Participation Remuneration Amount[s]] 
[Specify details and each amount (i.e. the 
Participation 
Remuneration 
Amount 
1, 
the 
Participation Remuneration Amount 2 and so on]] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Underlying(s): 
[[     ] [Specify underlying(s) in relation to the 
calculation of each Participation Remuneration 
Amount]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Payment Date(s): 
[     ]  
 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
 
Participation Performance 
Period(s): 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 414 ---
414
 
Participation Valuation 
Date(s)j: 
[     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Valuation 
Date(s)t: 
[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]  
 
Strike Remuneration 
Percentagej: 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Floor Percentaget: 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Capt: 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Base Premium Percentaget: 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Amount Gearingt: 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Net Profit Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details. Specify the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Amount(s) and the 
relevant Remuneration Payments Date(s) for the 
calculation of the Remuneration Sum]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Tarn Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details. Specify the relevant 
Participation Remuneration Amount(s) and the 
relevant Remuneration Payments Date(s) for the 
calculation of the Remuneration Sum]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Tarn Amount  
[Applicable [Specify details] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Combo Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Factort: 
[[     ] [Specify in relation to each Participation 
Remuneration Amount if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Event: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Level(s): 
[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
period if more than one] 
 
Cliquet Feature: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Cliquet Valuation Period(s): 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Remuneration 
Event Valuation Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify each date if more than one] 
 
Consolidation Effect: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Level: 
[[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
Consolidation Valuation 
Period(s): 
[[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
Memory Effect: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Level: 
[[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
Memory Valuation Period(s): 
[[     ] [Specify each period if more than one]] [Not 
applicable] 
94.  
Participation Rebate Feature: 
(Delete sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Participation Rebate Event: 
[     ]  
 
Participation Rebate Level: 
[     ] [Specify the level and, if a range applies, the 
Up Range Level/Down Range Level, for each 
period if more than one] 
 
Participation Rebate Valuation 
Period(s): 
[     ] [Specify each period if more than one] 
95.  
Floating Amount: 
(Only applicable in relation to 
Interest Rate Warrants. Delete 
the sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable) 
[Not applicable.] [Applicable]. 
 
 
Floating Amount Determination 
Period/ Floating Amount 
Payment Date(s)/ Notional 
Amountt: 
t 
 
Floating 
Amount 
Determinati
on Periodt 
[Notional 
Amountt] 
 
Floatin
g 
Amoun
t

--- Page 416 ---
416
from 
to 
Payme
nt Date 
 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
 
 
[The Notional Amountt is equal to the [Notional 
Amount] [               ] in relation to all the Floating 
Amount Determination Periods.] 
 
Floating Amount Determination 
Date(s): 
[               ] 
 
Interest Cap: 
[               ] 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360] [Actual/Actual] [30/360] [               ] 
[Specify details, if applicable] 
[following] 
[modified 
following] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[               ] 
 
- Manner in which Reference 
Rate is to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of 
Condition 23: [               ] 
96.  
Premium Gap Amount:  
(Delete the sub-paragraphs if 
not applicable): 
[Not applicable.] [Applicable: [Floating Premium] 
[and] [Fixed Premium] [and] [Difference in Rates] 
determined on the basis of the number of days 
within the [relevant] Premium Gap Observation 
Period, which is the period that will be composed 
by: 
i. if a Barrier Gap Event has not occurred, the 
same number of days comprised in the 
[relevant] Premium Determination Period; or 
ii. if a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, the 
number of days from [and including] [but 
excluding] the initial day of the [relevant] 
Premium 
Determination 
Period 
to 
[and 
including] [but excluding] the day on which the 
Barrier Gap Event has occurred and not on the 
basis of all the days of the [relevant] Premium 
Determination Period. 
[If a Barrier Gap Event occurs, after the payment of 
the Premium Gap Amount that will be paid on the

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
payment date following the Barrier Gap Event Date 
on which a Barrier Gap Event has occurred, no 
further Premium Gap Amount will be paid to the 
Securityholders.] 
 
Fixed Premium:  
(Delete the following sub-
paragraph if not applicable) 
[Applicable [Specify in relation to which period if 
more than one]] [Not applicable]  
 
− 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[30/360] 
[Specify 
details, if applicable] 
[following] 
[modified 
following] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [Specify for each period if 
more than one] 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
− 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
 
Floating Premium:  
(Delete the following sub-
paragraph if not applicable): 
[Applicable [Specify in relation to which period if 
more than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
− 
Premium Margin 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
(Please note that the Premium Margin may be 
equal to zero if the Issuer decides not to apply it for 
the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[30/360] 
[Specify 
details, if applicable] 
[following] 
[modified 
following] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [Specify for each period if 
more than one] 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one]

--- Page 418 ---
418
 
− 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
 
− 
Manner in which the rate 
of interest is to be 
determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of 
Condition 23: [               ] 
 
Difference in Rates:  
(Delete the following sub-
paragraph if not applicable): 
[Applicable [Specify in relation to which period if 
more than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ACT/360] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[30/360] 
[Specify 
details, if necessary] 
[following] 
[modified 
following] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
 
− 
Premium Determination 
Period: 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [Specify for each period if 
more than one] 
 
− 
Premium Gap Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] [Specify for each period if more than one] 
 
− 
[Record Date:] 
[     ] 
 
− 
Rate 1: 
[     ] 
 
(i) Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) Premium Margin: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
(Please note that the Premium Margin may be 
equal to zero if the Issuer decides not to apply it for 
the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
(iii) Manner in which Rate 
1 is to be determined: 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of 
Condition 23: [               ] 
 
− 
Rate 2: 
[     ] 
 
(i) Premium Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) Premium Margin: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
(Please note that the Premium Margin may be 
equal to zero if the Issuer decides not to apply it for 
the calculation of the relevant Premium Gap 
Amount) 
 
(iii) Manner in which Rate 
[Insert relevant provisions for the purposes of

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
2 is to be determined: 
Condition 23: [               ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO WARRANTS 
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)] 
97.  
Type of Warrants: 
[(i) the Warrants are [European/American] Style 
Warrants 
(ii) 
the 
Warrants 
are 
[Call] 
[Put] 
[Corridor][Covered] [Interest Rate] Warrants.][Not 
applicable] 
98.  
Notional Amount [and Final 
Notional Amount 
(Only applicable in relation to 
Interest Rate Warrants)]: 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
99.  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not 
applicable] 
[ACT/360] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[30/360] [Specify details, if applicable] 
[following] 
[modified 
following] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
100.  
Exercise Price: 
(Only applicable for Covered 
Warrants) 
[Not applicable] [     ]  
101.  
Premium: 
[Not applicable] [[     ] [[being] [     ]% of the 
Notional Amount]] for each Warrant.] 
102.  
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable [Specify details]] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Period(s): 
[from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Barrier Valuation Period(s): 
[from [     ] to [     ] [Not applicable] 
 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[[     ] [Specify the level for each period if more 
than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
Upper Barrier Level:  
[[     ] [Specify the level for each period if more 
than one]] [Not applicable] 
 
Corridor Early Amount: 
[     ][Not applicable] 
 
Corridor Early Payment Date: 
[     ][Not applicable] 
103.  
Strike Percentage: 
[[     ]%] [Not applicable] 
104.  
Exercise Period: 
(Only applicable for American 
[Not applicable] [[     ]]

--- Page 420 ---
420
Style Warrants) 
105.  
Maximum Exercise Number: 
(Not applicable for European 
Style Warrants) 
[Not applicable] [The maximum number of 
Warrants that must be exercised on any day by any 
Securityholder or group of Securityholders is [     ]] 
106.  
Settlement Determination 
Period: 
(Only applicable for Interest 
Rate Warrants) 
[from [     ] to [     ]] [Not applicable] 
107.  
Settlement Determination Date: 
(Only applicable for Interest 
Rate Warrants) 
[[     ]] [Not applicable] 
GENERAL 
108.  
Form of Securities: 
[Bearer Securities 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Security which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Securities only in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Security.] 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for 
Definitive Securities on or after the Exchange 
Date.] 
[Permanent Global Security exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Securities 
only 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Security.]] 
[Registered Securities] 
[Italian Dematerialised Securities] 
109.  
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable. The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in [the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA")] [and] [Insert 
jurisdiction(s) [•]] [Insert any other selling 
restriction [•]].] 
[The Securities are only intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to investors via 
the professional segment of [the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin]/[the GEM]/[•].] 
[Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
[MREL eligible liabilities:] 
[[Applicable] / [Not applicable]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
110.  
Syndication: 
[Not applicable.] [The Securities will be distributed 
on a [non-]syndicated basis.] 
 
(i) 
[If syndicated, names 
and addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[give names, and addresses and underwriting 
commitments] [Not applicable.] ] 
(Including names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers and an 
indication of the material features of the 
agreements, including, where applicable, the 
quotas. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a 
statement of the portion not covered. Also provide 
an indication of the placing commission) 
 
(ii) 
[Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[     ] [Not applicable.] ] 
 
(iii) 
[Stabilisation Manager 
(if any): 
[Not applicable][give name and address (*)]] 
 
[If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Manager (if not the 
Issuer): 
[Name and address] [Not applicable.] ] 
COMMISSIONS AND/ OR COSTS 
111. 
[Commissions] [and] [other 
costs]: 
[Specify the total commissions and/or costs (e.g. 
placement commissions or – in case the Issuer acts 
as Distributor – distribution commissions), the 
single components of commissions and costs, if any, 
and the elements to be taken into account for the 
purposes 
of 
determining 
the 
variable 
commissions/costs 
and/or 
the 
running 
commissions/costs, if any, or other structuring fees, 
the running structuring fees, other structuring 
costs, if any, etc.] [Not applicable.]

--- Page 422 ---
422
Example(s) of complex derivatives 
securities: 
[Not 
applicable.] 
[Insert, 
where 
available, 
scenarios and simulations of the Certificates, for 
informative and illustrative purposes only, with a 
statement that they do not purport either to be 
comprehensive or anticipate or guarantee future 
returns.]  
[DISTRIBUTION IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND TO PRIVATE CLIENTS AND PUBLIC 
OFFER 
If and to the extend the Securities qualify as structured products in Switzerland pursuant to article 70 of 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), they are neither subject to authorisation nor supervision by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA"). None of the Securities 
constitutes a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Collective 
Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and investors do not benefit from the specific 
investor protection provided under CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer.  
[If (i) Securities are not distributed in or from Switzerland to Private Clients or (ii) Private Clients in or 
from Switzerland may exclusively purchase Securities under an asset management agreement pursuant 
to article 58 para. 2 FinSA, add: The Securities may be distributed in or from Switzerland only to 
professional and institutional clients and, only under certain conditions, to private clients as defined in 
article 70 para. 1 FinSA. No KID or PRIIPs-KID in accordance with the requirements of the FinSA is 
required or has been prepared for the purpose of such distribution. 
[If Securities are distributed in or from Switzerland to Private Clients, unless Private Clients may 
exclusively purchase Securities under an asset management agreement pursuant to article 58 para. 2 
FinSA, add: The Securities may be distributed in or from Switzerland. A [KID][PRIIPs-KID] has been 
prepared and made available in accordance with the requirements of FinSA at: [insert contact details of 
Issuer][if electronic version is retrievable online: and [insert URL] 
[If Securities are publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
FinSA: The Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of the FinSA. It has 
been approved according to the requirements of the FinSA by a prospectus review body authorized by 
FINMA for that purpose pursuant to article 51 et seqq. FinSA (the "Review Body") and these Final 
Terms have been registered with the Review Body according to the requirements of the FinSA.]]  
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The information relating to ⚫ [and ⚫] (the "Reference Information") contained herein has been 
accurately [reproduced] [extracted] from [insert information source(s)]. As far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the [reproduced] [extracted] information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accuracy of such [extraction][reproduction] but accepts no further or other 
responsibility in respect of such information.]] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 .................................................  
Duly authorised] 
 
 
 
 
** Distribution in or from Switzerland is exempt from the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] made 
in] [is expected to be made in] [Ireland- Official List of 
Euronext Dublin] [and] [Austria [- Vienna Stock 
Exchange]] [and] [Belgium [- Brussels Stock Exchange]] 
[and] [Croatia [- Zagreb Stock Exchange]] [and] [France [- 
Euronext Paris]] [and] [Greece [- Athens Stock Exchange]] 
[and] [Hungary [- Budapest Stock Exchange]] [and] [Italy 
[- Euronext Milan]] [and] [Luxembourg [- Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]] [and] [Portugal – Official List of 
Euronext Lisbon]] [and] [Slovakia [- Bratislava Stock 
Exchange]] [and] [Slovenia [- Ljubljana Stock Exchange]] 
[None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [[has] [may] [will]] [also] [been] [be] 
made][is expected to be made] for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on [specify details of the relevant 
market/trading venue in Ireland/ Austria/ Belgium/ 
Croatia/ France/ Greece/ Hungary/ Italy/ Luxembourg/ 
Portugal/ Slovakia/ Slovenia/ as the case may be] with 
effect from [     ]. (specify all the relevant markets / trading 
venues - if more than one - by enlisting them in different 
paragraphs)]  
[[After the Issue Date] [A][a]pplication may be made to list 
the Securities on other stock exchanges or regulated 
markets or to admit to trading on other trading venues as 
the Issuer may decide.] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading) 
[Only qualified investors, as defined in Article 2 (e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, are allowed to purchase the 
Securities on the [•].] 
2. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided] the [names of 
competent authorities of host Member State(s)] with a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not applicable.]

--- Page 424 ---
424
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any commission payable to the Manager[s] [and costs payable to the Issuer], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material 
to the offer. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. In the event that the Issuer 
acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, include a 
reference to the risk factor "Potential Conflicts of Interest".] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[Not applicable.] [     ] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks (for example for Green Certificates, 
Climate Certificates, Social Certificates, or Sustainability 
Certificates) will need to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[Not applicable.] [     ] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[None.] [     ].  [Expenses are required to be broken down 
into each principal intended "use" and presented in order 
of priority of such "uses".] 
((i) above is required where the reasons for the offer are 
different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
and where this is the case disclosure of net proceeds and 
total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above are also required.) 
5. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)] 
[Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)] 
[Ireland] [and] [Austria] [and] [Belgium] [and] 
[Croatia] [and] [France] [and] [Greece] [and] 
[Hungary] [and] [Italy] [and] [Luxembourg] 
[and] 
[Portugal] 
[and] 
[Slovakia] 
[and] 
[Slovenia]  
[[The Issuer] [•] intends to publish advertising 
material in Italy referring to the Securities and 
the admission to trading of the Securities on the 
[•], which may be qualified as a public offer of 
Securities in [Italy] [•] under [Italian law] [•] and

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
this Final Terms are prepared for this purpose.] 
[Offer Price:] 
[Issue Price][specify] 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Offer Period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will 
be open and description of the application 
process:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Process for notifying to applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Consent to use of Base Prospectus] 
[Not applicable.]  
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in [Ireland] [and] [Austria] [and] 
[Belgium] [and] [Croatia] [and] [France] [and] 
[Greece] [and] [Hungary] [and] [Italy] [and] 
[Luxembourg] [and] [Portugal] [and] [Slovakia] 
[and] [Slovenia] by [all financial intermediaries] 
[the following financial intermediary[y][ies]:

--- Page 426 ---
426
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
[Applicable][Not applicable (if not applicable, delete the entire section)] 
 
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
Managers / Distributors in the 
various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[None/give details] 
 
(ii) 
Name and address of the co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents in each 
country (in addition to the Principal 
Security Agent): 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, 
and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or 
under "best efforts" arrangements: 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
[insert 
name[s]] 
and 
address[es]] 
(the 
"Authorised Offerors").] 
The consent is subject to the condition that the 
Authorised Offeror[s] compl[y][ies] with the 
applicable selling restrictions as well as the other 
conditions specified under the Base Prospectus  
[The consent is also subject to and given under 
the following additional condition [s]: [●]] 
[The subsequent resale of the Certificates in 
[Ireland] [and] [Austria] [and] [Belgium] [and] 
[Croatia] [and] [France] [and] [Greece] [and] 
[Hungary] [and] [Italy] [and] [Luxembourg] 
[and] 
[Portugal] 
[and] 
[Slovakia] 
[and] 
[Slovenia] by the Authorised Offeror[s] can be 
made [as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in 
accordance with article 12 of the Prospectus 
Regulation] [include relevant period if less than 
12 months][and under the following additional 
condition[s]: [•]].]]

--- Page 427 ---
427 
 
 
(v) 
Date of signing of the [underwriting] 
/ [placement] agreement 
[Not applicable] [⚫] 
7. 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information about the 
Underlying(s) or the Securities will be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not 
intend to provide post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Common Code][●][specify other 
security identification code, if 
any]: 
[          ][Not applicable] 
 
[(iii)] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
relevant address(es), and relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable/Monte Titoli/give name(s) and 
number(s)] 
 
[(iv)] 
Names and addresses of initial 
Security Agents: 
[            ] 
 
[(v)] 
[Name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
Listing Agent(s) (only applicable 
for Listing Agent(s) other than the 
Irish Listing Agent. Delete if not 
applicable):] 
[[            ]]

--- Page 428 ---
428
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
 
[Insert the issue specific summary for the Securities] 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS  
(Only applicable in the case of multi-products issuance)] 
[Applicable table in case of Warrants: 
Series 
Numbe
r (Item 
1 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c  
Summ
ary 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is 
not 
applica
ble)]) 
Warran
ts Isin 
Code 
[or 
other 
security 
identific
ation 
code if 
different 
from 
ISIN 
Code] 
(Paragr
aph 8 of 
Part B 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summa
ry 
(Delete 
when 
Summar
y is not 
applicab
le)]) 
Minim
um 
Exerci
se 
Amou
nt 
(Item 3 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c 
Summ
ary 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is 
not 
applica
ble)]) 
Underl
ying 
(Item 6 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specifi
c 
Summ
ary 
(Delete 
when 
Summa
ry is 
not 
applica
ble)]) 
[Settlemen
t Date 
(Item 10 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable)
])] 
Exchange 
(Item 23 of 
Part A 
and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable)
]) 
Sponsor of 
the Index 
(Item 24 of 
Part A 
and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable)
]) 
[Valuation 
Date 
(Item 45 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable)
])] 
Call/ 
Put/Corri
dor/Cover
ed/Interes
t Rate  
(Item 98 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable)
]) 
Notional 
Amount 
(Item 99 
of Part 
A [and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summar
y is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Strike 
Percenta
ge 
(Item 
104 of 
Part A 
[and 
Element 
C.19 of 
the 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summar
y is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Lower 
Barrier 
Level] 
(specify 
for each 
period if 
more 
than 
one) 
(Item 
103 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summar
y is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Upper 
Barrier 
Level] 
specify 
for each 
period if 
more 
than 
one) 
(Item 
103 of 
Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summar
y is not 
applicabl
e)]) 
[Exercise 
Date] 
[Exercise 
Period] 
(Item 9 
and 106 
of Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable
)]) 
Corridor 
Early 
Amount 
(Item 103 
of Part A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary 
is not 
applicable
)]) 
[•]

--- Page 429 ---
429 
 
[Applicable table in case of Certificates: 
Series 
Number 
(Item 
1 
of Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Certifica
tes 
Isin 
Code [or 
other 
security 
identifica
tion code 
if 
different 
from 
ISIN 
Code] 
(Paragra
ph 8 of 
Part 
B) 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Underlyi
ng(s) 
(Item 
6 
of Part A 
[and 
Section 
[•] of the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summar
y (Delete 
when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicabl
e)]) 
Isin 
Underlyin
g 
(Item 6 of 
Part 
A 
[and 
Section [•] 
of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)
]) 
[Settlement 
Date 
(Item 10 of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary 
is 
not 
applicable)])] 
Exchange 
(Item 23 of 
Part A and 
Section [•] of 
the Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)] 
) 
[Reference 
Source] 
[Index 
Sponsor] 
[Fund 
Manager] 
[Calculation 
Entity](Item 
24 of Part A 
and Section 
[•] 
of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)] 
) 
[Valuation 
Date 
(Item 45 of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)])
] 
[•] Amount 
(specify 
for 
each period 
if more than 
one) 
(Item [•] of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete when 
Summary is 
not 
applicable)]) 
[•] 
Level 
(specify 
for 
each period if 
more than one) 
(Item [•] of 
Part A [and 
Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when 
Summary is not 
applicable)]) 
[•]  
[Valuation] 
[Observation] 
[Determination] 
[Date/Period] 
(Item [•] of Part A 
[and Section [•] of 
the 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
(Delete 
when Summary is not 
applicable)]) 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
]

--- Page 430 ---
430
TAXATION 
1. 
GENERAL 
The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation 
may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. 
Transactions involving Securities may be subject to stamp taxes and give rise to certain other 
tax consequences for potential purchasers which may depend, amongst other things, upon the 
status of the potential purchaser and laws relating to transfer and registration taxes. Paragraphs 
below summarise, for information purposes only, certain aspects of the tax treatment of 
transactions involving Securities in Ireland, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, 
Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland and United States. 
However, such transactions may have tax consequences in other jurisdictions. Potential 
purchasers who are in any doubt about the tax position of any aspect of transactions involving 
Securities should consult their own tax advisers. 
The following general discussion does not take into account taxation which may be imposed 
by way of withholding or otherwise in Ireland, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, 
Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland and United States or 
in any other jurisdiction, on income and capital gains in any form, on any of the underlying 
assets to which the Securities may relate. 
Condition 10 (Expenses and Taxation) should be considered carefully by all potential 
purchasers of any Securities. 
2. 
AUSTRIA 
The following is a general discussion of certain Austrian tax consequences of the acquisition, 
holding and disposal of the Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all Austrian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Securities, 
and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a 
particular purchaser. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the 
specific terms of such Series or Tranche of Securities as set out in the respective Final Terms, 
the following section only provides some general information on the possible tax treatment of 
Securities to be considered capital assets (Kapitalvermögen) under Sec 27 Austrian Income 
Tax Act. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the 
tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities, including the 
effect of any state, local or church taxes, under the tax laws of Austria and any country of 
which they are resident or whose tax laws apply to them for other reasons. This overview is 
based on Austrian law as in force when drawing up this Base Prospectus. The laws and their 
interpretation by the tax authorities and tax courts may change and such changes may also 
have retroactive effect. It cannot be ruled out that the Austrian tax authorities adopt a view 
different from that outlined below.  
Austrian individuals

--- Page 431 ---
431 
 
Realized capital gains (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) from the Securities whose 
ongoing payments are considered to be income from the provision of capital (Einkünfte aus 
der Überlassung von Kapital) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 2 of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) or income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) within the 
meaning of Sec 27 Para 4 of the Austrian Income Tax Act derived by individuals, whose 
domicile or habitual abode is in Austria, in general are subject to Austrian income tax at a 
special rate of 27.5% (depending on the specifics of the respective Security exemptions from 
this special tax rate may apply and progressive taxation may apply). Realised capital gain 
(Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) means inter alia any income derived from the 
sale or redemption of the Securities. The tax base is, in general, the difference between the sale 
proceeds or the redemption amount and the acquisition costs, in each case including accrued 
interest. Income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) means inter alia any cleared 
differences (Differenzausgleich), writer premiums (Stillhalterprämie) and income from the 
sale or other settlement of derivatives. Expenses which are directly connected with income 
subject to the special tax rate are not deductible. For Securities held as private assets, the 
acquisition costs shall not include incidental acquisition costs. The income may in general be 
subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) if the Securities are kept or administrated in a 
custodial institution (depotführende Stelle) or paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria. If 
the income from the capital gain is not subject to withholding tax deduction, the taxpayer will 
have to include the income from the capital gain in his personal income tax return pursuant to 
the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act. Generally the possibilities of tax loss offset are 
limited for capital assets held as private assets. 
If ongoing payments of the Securities are considered to be income from the provision of 
capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) within the meaning of Sec 27 Para 2 of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) (e.g. dividend payments, interest 
payments) this income will in general be subject to Austrian income tax at a special tax rate of 
27.5% provided that the income is derived by individuals, whose domicile or habitual abode is 
in Austria (depending on the specifics of the respective Security exemptions from this special 
tax rate may apply and progressive taxation may apply) The tax base is, in general, the 
received payment by the individual. The income may in general be subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) if the Securities are kept or administrated in a paying agent (auszahlende 
Stelle) in Austria or if the debtor has its seat, place of management in Austria or is the branch 
of a foreign credit institute. If the income from the capital gain is not subject to withholding 
tax deduction, the taxpayer will have to include the income from the capital gain in his 
personal income tax return pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Income Tax Act.  
The 
Issuer 
does 
not 
assume 
any 
responsibility for 
Austrian 
withholding 
tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of 
withholding tax deductions at source. 
Austrian corporations 
Corporations seated in Austria or whose place of management is in Austria are subject to 
corporate income tax at a tax rate of 23%. This in general includes ongoing income from 
Securities and realized capital gains or derivative income from Securities.  
Under certain prerequisites, Austrian corporations holding Securities may declare exemption 
from 
withholding 
tax 
deduction 
by 
submitting 
a 
corresponding 
statement

--- Page 432 ---
432
(Befreiungserklärung) to the Austrian custody bank and competent financial authority. With 
this statement the Austrian corporation has to declare its identity and has to confirm that the 
Securities are held as business assets. If such declaration is not submitted all income from the 
Securities will in general be subject to withholding tax deduction. Such withheld tax may be 
set off with the corporate income tax. 
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of 
withholding tax deductions at source. 
Non-resident taxation 
Individuals who do not have their domicile of their habitual abode in Austria are subject to 
Austrian limited income tax liability (non-resident taxation) with certain types of income. 
Income derived from the Securities subject to this non-resident taxation may be subject to the 
special tax rate in the amount of 27.5% (depending on the specifics of the respective Security 
exemptions from this special tax rate may apply and progressive taxation may apply). The 
income may be subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) or may need to be declared in 
a respective personal income tax return. The individual may be eligible to apply for a refund to 
Austrian tax on the basis of applicable double taxation treaties.  
Corporations who do not have their seat or place of management in Austria are subject to 
Austrian limited corporate income tax liability (non-resident taxation) with certain types of 
income. Income derived from the Securities subject to this non-resident taxation may be 
subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) or may need to be declared in a respective 
corporate income tax return. The corporation may be eligible to apply for a refund to Austrian 
tax on the basis of applicable double taxation treaties or Directives of the European Union.  
Again, the Issuer does not assume any responsibility for Austrian withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) at source and is not obliged to make additional payments in case of 
withholding tax deductions at source. 
3. 
BELGIUM 
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to consult their own advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of securities, including the effect of any 
taxes under Belgian law. The present does not claim nor purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax considerations related to the acquisition, holding and disposal of 
Securities. It does not take into account the specific circumstances of particular holders of 
Securities, some of which may be subject to special rules, or the tax laws of any country other 
than Belgium. Furthermore, this description is based on current legislation, published case 
law and other published guidelines and regulations as in force at the date of this document, 
which are subject to future amendments, which may or may not have retroactive effect. The 
characterization of income gathered from Securities as interest or dividend income and the 
regime applicable thereto for Belgian tax purposes, will depend on the specific type of Security 
and the specific circumstances in which the income is gathered. It is therefore strongly 
recommended that (prospective) holders of Securities seek advice from their tax advisors on 
the basis of such and other relevant elements.  
Belgian income taxes regarding Securities 
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes periodic interest income, as well as any

--- Page 433 ---
433 
 
amount paid in excess of the initial issue price upon redemption or purchase by the Issuer 
(whether or not on the maturity date). If the Securities constitute 'fixed income securities' 
within the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992, in case of a 
realisation of the Securities between two interest payment dates, an income equal to the pro 
rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period is also taxable as interest. 
For Belgian income tax purposes, dividends include all benefits from shares attributed to the 
shareholders by or on behalf of the company, in any form whatsoever, including liquidation 
and redemption proceeds. By way of exception, a repayment of capital made in accordance 
with the legal provisions governing the company shall not be regarded as a dividend 
distribution, to the extent that such repayment is attributed to the fiscal capital. However, in the 
case of a capital reduction approved by the shareholders’ meeting and executed in compliance 
with the legal provisions governing the company, the amount of the capital reduction shall be 
deemed to derive proportionally from the fiscal capital of the company, on the one hand and 
on the other hand, from certain undistributed reserves. The portion of the capital repayment 
that is attributed to the undistributed reserves shall be treated as a dividend for Belgian tax 
purposes. 
Belgian resident individual private investor 
The following tax treatment applies to individual Belgian residents who are subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques) and hold Securities as 
a private investment. Other rules can however apply when Securities are linked to such 
investor's professional activity or when the individual's transactions with respect to the 
Securities fall outside the scope of the normal management of his private estate. 
If interest or dividend income is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian 
paying agent, the income received (after deduction of any foreign withholding tax) in principle 
has to be declared in the Belgian investor’s personal income tax return and will be taxed at a 
rate of 30%.  
The payment will be subject to Belgian withholding tax of in principle 30%, if it is collected 
through a Belgian paying agent. Such taxation is normally final and the Belgian individual 
does not need to report that income in his personal income tax return.  
Belgian resident individual private investors may be eligible for a tax exemption with respect 
to dividends in an amount of up to EUR 859 (amount applicable for income year 2025) per 
year and per taxpayer. 
Capital gains realised on the disposal of Securities should as a rule be tax exempt, except to the 
extent they qualify as interest. Capital losses realised upon the disposal of Securities held as 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible.  
Foreign sourced income may be subject to withholding tax abroad. Belgian domestic tax law 
does not provide for a tax credit, but this may be available based on the relevant double tax 
treaty (it should, however, be assessed on a case-by-case basis whether the double tax treaty 
provisions can be invoked). 
Tax treatment in the hands of Belgian corporations 
Belgian 
corporations 
that 
are 
subject 
to 
Belgian 
Corporate 
Income 
Tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés) and that do not qualify for a special corporate tax 
regime (e.g. Beveks/Sicavs, Private privaks/Pricafs privées, Organismen voor de Financiering

--- Page 434 ---
434
van Pensioenen/Organismes de financement de pensions) are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Securities. 
Income derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Securities and capital gains on the 
Securities will generally be subject to Belgian corporate income tax of in principle 25%. 
Furthermore, subject to certain conditions, small and medium-sized companies are taxable at 
the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% for the first income band of EUR 100,000.  
Belgian resident companies may (subject to certain limitations) be able to deduct 100% of 
gross dividends received from their taxable income (dividend received deduction), provided 
that certain subject-to-tax and holding conditions are met.  
As a general rule, Belgian withholding tax is due by the Belgian paying agent (if any), e.g. a 
Belgian bank which acts as an intermediary during the pay-out of the income. A number of 
exemptions are available. When Belgian withholding tax is levied, such withholding tax is 
creditable against the corporate income tax due and reimbursable provided that the legal 
requirements for creditability are met. 
Foreign sourced income may be subject to withholding tax abroad. In the case of interest, 
Belgian corporations may be eligible for a (partial or full) Belgian Foreign Tax Credit, 
provided that certain conditions are met. For dividends, Belgian domestic tax law does not 
provide for a similar foreign tax credit, but this may be available based on the relevant double 
tax treaty (it should, however, be assessed on a case-by-case basis whether the double tax 
treaty provisions can be invoked). 
Other legal entities 
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes and that are subject to Belgian tax on 
legal entities (Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) are subject to the 
following tax treatment with respect to the Securities. 
Payments of income on the Securities made through a paying agent in Belgium will in 
principle be subject to a 30% withholding tax in Belgium. If Belgian withholding tax has been 
withheld, the income will in principle not be taxed further. If the interest payment is collected 
abroad without Belgian withholding tax, the investor is required to declare this income and to 
pay 30% income tax on their own initiative. 
Capital gains realized on the sale of the Securities are in principle tax exempt, except to the 
extent the capital gain qualifies as interest. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible.  
Foreign sourced income may be subject to withholding tax abroad. Belgian domestic tax law 
does not provide for a tax credit, but this may be available based on the relevant double tax 
treaty (it should, however, be assessed on a case-by-case basis whether the double tax treaty 
provisions can be invoked). 
Special tax regimes 
Under Belgian tax law, a number of entities such as qualifying pension funds and qualifying 
investment companies enjoy a special tax regime, whereby income out of investments (such as 
interest income and capital gains) is not taken into account for determining the taxable basis. 
Non-resident investors 
Investors who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, are not holding the

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
Securities through a Belgian establishment, and do not invest the Securities in the course of 
their Belgian professional activity, will in principle not incur or become liable for any Belgian 
tax on income or capital gains (save as the case may be, in the form of a 30% withholding tax, 
subject to such relief as may be available under applicable domestic and tax treaty provisions).  
Where the withholding tax is due, it is due by the Belgian company attributing the relevant 
income, or in the absence thereof, a Belgian paying agent (e.g. Belgian bank) provided it acts 
as an intermediary during the pay-out of the income. Certain exemptions may however apply. 
If the income is not attributed by a Belgian company, and it is not collected through a financial 
institution or other intermediary established in Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax should be 
due. 
The non-resident companies or professionals who use the Securities to exercise a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the 
Belgian resident companies or Belgian professionals. 
Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions 
The Belgian Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions is only due on transactions relating to 
existing Securities (secondary market transactions). No such tax is due upon the issuance of 
new Securities (primary market transactions). 
The attribution of already existing Securities to the investors or the transfer for consideration 
of Securities on the secondary market may trigger the Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions if 
(i) it is executed in Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) if it is deemed to be 
executed in Belgium, which is the case if the order is, directly or indirectly, made to a 
professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals with 
habitual residence in Belgium, or by legal entities for the account of their head office or 
establishment in Belgium. 
Depending on the characteristics of the Security, the tax will be due on each sale and 
acquisition separately at the rate of 0.12% (capped at EUR 1.300), 0,35% (capped at EUR 
1.600) or 1,32% (capped at EUR 4.000). The Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions is due by 
each party to the transaction and both taxes are collected by the professional intermediary. 
However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax will in principle be due 
by the instructing private individual or legal entity, unless that individual or entity can 
demonstrate that the tax has already been paid.  
Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium can, subject to 
certain conditions and formalities, appoint a Belgian representative for tax purposes, which 
will be liable for the payment of the Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions in respect of the 
transactions executed through the professional intermediary. 
The Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for 
their own account. This includes non-resident holders of Securities - provided that they deliver 
an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status - and 
certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in article 126/1, 2° of the Code of 
miscellaneous taxes and duties. 
Tax on securities accounts 
A 0.15% annual subscription tax is due on a securities account if the average value of the 
taxable securities (all types of financial securities are in scope, as well as the cash held on such

--- Page 436 ---
436
account) held in the securities account amounts to more than euro 1.000.000 during a reference 
period ("Tax on Securities Accounts"). The reference period is a period of 12 consecutive 
months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the following year. The euro 
1.000.000 threshold is in principle assessed on the average value of the assets in the securities 
account at four reference points within the reference period (31 December, 31 March, 30 June 
and 30 September). 
The subscription tax may apply to a securities account held by a resident or non-resident 
investor, irrespective of the capacity of the account holder (individual, company,…). For 
Belgian resident investors, all securities accounts with taxable securities that meet the 
threshold are in scope, irrespective of where the financial intermediary is located, while 
securities accounts held by non-resident investors will only be subject to the tax in case these 
securities accounts are held with financial intermediaries incorporated or established in 
Belgium or with a branch in Belgium. 
If the securities accounts are held with financial intermediaries incorporated or established in 
Belgium or with foreign financial intermediaries which have appointed a responsible 
representative in Belgium, the financial intermediary or responsible representative will be 
obliged to file the annual subscription tax return on behalf of the investors and will be liable 
towards the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax due on the securities accounts. If the foreign 
intermediary did not appoint a representative in Belgium, the investors must submit their own 
subscription tax return and will thus be liable for the payment of the tax due. 
Financial Transactions Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax ("FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, 
the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 
November 2006 on the common system of value added tax. For Belgium, the Tax on Stock 
Exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The proposal 
is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be 
changed at any time. 
Gift tax and inheritance tax  
Belgian tax legislation provides both gift tax and inheritance tax.  
The applicable rules vary depending on the Region in which the donator or the deceased 
has/had his residence (Brussels Region, Flemish Region, Walloon Region).   
4. 
CROATIA 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Croatia as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or entry into force of 
any relevant law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may 
be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the

--- Page 437 ---
437 
 
Securities. 
Taxation of individuals 
Tax obligor is a natural person - income earner and heir to all tax obligations arising from 
income earned by the decedent until his death. The heir is at the same time tax obligor to 
income accrued from inherited sources of income.  
Taxable sources of income are: 
(i) income from salaried employment, 
(ii) income from self-employment, 
(iii) income from property and property rights, 
(iv) income from capital, 
(v) other income. 
Resident is a natural person whose residence or habitual abode is in the Republic of Croatia. 
Resident is also a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the 
Republic of Croatia and is employed with a governmental office of the Republic of Croatia 
and receives salary on that basis. 
Non-resident is a natural person not having the place of residence or habitual abode in the 
Republic of Croatia and earning income in the Republic of Croatia which is taxable according 
to the Croatian Income Tax Act. 
Taxable basis i.e. tax base: 
a. 
for a resident is the total amount of income gained from salaried employment, self-
employment, property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the 
resident in the country and abroad (world income principle) less resident's personal 
allowance, 
b. for a non-resident is the total amount of income from salaried employment, self-
employment, property and property rights, capital and other income gained by the 
non-resident in the country (domicile land principle) less non-resident's personal 
allowance. 
With respect to income gained by non-resident natural persons in capacity of performers 
(artists, entertainers, athletes), there is no obligation to charge, withhold and pay income tax 
advance or income tax when compensation for their performances is paid to a foreign person, 
which is not a legal person, pursuant to an agreement with such foreign person, i.e. such 
compensation is taxable according to withholding tax provisions. 
Income from capital are deemed receipts from interests, withdrawals of assets and use of 
services charged against income of the current period, capital gains and shares in profit 
realised from allocation or option purchase of treasury shares, which are realised in the tax 
period, including dividends and shares in profit on the basis of shares in capital. 
Croatian Income Tax Act provides a wide list of earnings from interests being subject to 
taxation (at applicable rate as provided for in the Croatian Income Tax Act), including those 
realized under a) interests payable on securities (vrijednosni papiri), b) interest on EUR and 
foreign savings, c) interests realized on the basis of granted loans and facilities and d) revenues 
realized based on division of income of an investment fund in form of interest, if they are not 
taxed as profit shares on the basis of distribution of profit or income of an investment fund.

--- Page 438 ---
438
However, the Croatian Income Tax Act provides for explicit statutory exemption, among 
others in case of default interest and interest realised through investment in the notes (being 
obveznice under applicable Croatian laws), regardless of the issuer and type of notes as well as 
in debt securities and money market instruments issued by the Republic of Croatia and local 
and regional self-government units. As no guidance has been published by the Croatian Tax 
Authorities, potential interpretation of the said provisions by the Croatian Tax Authorities 
cannot be assessed. 
Pursuant to the Croatian Income Tax Act, capital income on the basis of capital gain represents 
a difference between the agreed selling price, i.e. revenue determined based on the market 
value of financial assets being disposed of and the purchase value.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraph, the following revenues are considered as 
revenues realized by disposal of financial assets (financial instruments and structured 
products), i.e. receipts from: (i) transferable securities (vrijednosni papiri) and structured 
products, including shares in companies and other associations whose shares may be disposed 
of similarly as shares in companies; (ii) money market instruments; (iii) units of joint ventures; 
(iv) derivatives; and/or (v) proportional value of liquidation estate in case of liquidation of an 
investment fund and other revenues realized from ownership shares in case of liquidation, 
cessation or withdrawal.  
Within the meaning of the foregoing paragraphs, disposal of financial assets means sale, 
exchange, gift or other transfer, however does not include: (i) transfer of share from one 
pension fund to another; (ii) exchange of securities (vrijednosni papiri) with the equivalent 
securities of the same issuer, whereby the ratios among the holders and capital of issuer are not 
altered, as well as exchange of securities (vrijednosni papiri), i.e. financial instruments with 
other securities (vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments, and acquisition of securities 
(vrijednosni papiri) or financial instruments in case of change of status changes, provided that 
in all these cases there is no cash flow and the sequence of acquisition of financial property is 
ensured (acquisition value shall be considered the value determined on the date of first 
acquisition of financial property); (iii) division of stocks of the same issuer, whereupon the 
share capital shall not be altered and there shall be no cash flow; (iv) exchange of shares 
among the investment sub-funds under the same umbrella fund, i.e. exchange of shares among 
the investment funds managed by the same management company, provided that the sequence 
of acquisition of financial property is ensured (acquisition value shall be considered the value 
determined on the date of first acquisition of financial property); (v) repurchase of shares of 
the Croatian War Veterans’ Fund and their families and/or disposal of debt securities and 
money market instruments issued by the Republic of Croatia and local and regional self-
government units. 
Capital income from revenues from joint ventures shall be determined in the amount of 
realized yield, decreased for costs of management of investments, i.e. costs of management of 
investment fund assets (net yield), i.e. in case of discounted securities (vrijednosni papiri) and 
zero-coupon bonds, in the amount of difference between the purchase value at the moment of 
issue and realized value at maturity if the purchaser holds the security until its maturity. 
Capital income on the basis of capital gains realized through the investment of financial assets 
into portfolios, in line with the regulations applicable for capital markets, shall be determined 
in the moment of realization of yield from the portfolio decreased by the costs of portfolio 
management (net yield). 
Capital income on the basis of capital gains shall not be taxed if disposal has been made 
between the spouses and first-degree relatives and other members of immediate family (as 
defined in the Croatian Income Tax Act), between the divorced spouses if disposal is in 
immediate connection with the divorce, inheritance of financial assets and if financial assets

--- Page 439 ---
439 
 
are disposed of after two years from the date of purchase, i.e. acquisition of the same. 
If financial assets were acquired as a gift and disposed of in a period of two years from the 
date of acquisition, the person disposing the assets shall be determined the capital income in 
line with the Croatian Income Tax Act.  
Capital losses may be deducted only from the income from capital gains which is realized in 
the same calendar year. Capital losses may be stated up to the amount of the tax basis. 
Capital income realized in a foreign currency shall be calculated in EUR counter value by 
application of the middle exchange rate of the Croatian National Bank on the day of payment. 
Specifically, as income from capital are deemed capital gains and gains from dividends and 
profit sharing on the basis of shares in capital and are taxed at the rate of 12%. Dividends and 
profit sharings on the basis of shares in capital are taxable at source. The obligor of 
calculation, withholding and payment of tax for capital gains is: 
(i) 
the tax obligor acquirer of revenue from the country or from the abroad, if not 
provided to the contrary by an international treaty (or the company managing 
financial assets of the tax obligor or Central Depository and Clearing Company); 
(ii) 
for income from capital based on disposal of share in capital, a tax obligor and;  
(iii) 
a person disposing of financial assets in case of financial assets was acquired as a gift 
and disposed of in a period of two years from the date of acquisition.  
The company, payer of dividends or shares in profit is obliged to assess, withhold and pay tax 
simultaneously with the payment of dividends or profit.  
If the resident receives income from capital from abroad without a local intermediary, he is 
obliged to pay tax at the applicable tax rate. In a situation where the tax payer chose that 
Central Depository and Clearing Company shall keep records, calculate income and income 
tax and report to tax authorities thereof, he is obliged to deliver all data necessary for 
determination of income tax to Central Depository and Clearing Company. 
The general tax rules outlined above apply to the extent there are no limitations imposed under 
applicable double tax treaties. Source taxation may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the 
terms of an applicable double taxation treaty under the conditions as provided for in the 
applicable tax legislation. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
In accordance with Local Taxes Act and subject to any applicable double taxation treaty, any 
natural person or legal entity who inherits or receives gifts (including securities) with 
individual value higher than EUR 6,700 in the Republic of Croatia is under an obligation to 
pay Croatian tax in respect of such inheritance or gift at a rate of 4%. Certain exemptions with 
respect to application of the aforestated tax are available in line with the Local Taxes Act. 
No gross-up for taxes withheld 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will 
assume any liability for taxes withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any 
additional payments in regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is 
imposed.

--- Page 440 ---
440
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized 
financial transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the 
Securities. 
Taxation of corporations 
Corporate (profit) tax obligors are: 
1. companies and other legal entities and natural persons residing in the Republic of Croatia 
that are self-employed and perform economic operations permanently and for the purpose 
of making the profit, income or revenues or other valuable commercial benefits; 
2. local business units of a foreign entrepreneur (non-resident); 
3. a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment 
according to income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment 
if he/she declares that he/she will pay corporate (profit) tax instead of income tax; 
4. a natural person determining income in a manner prescribed for self-employment 
according to income tax regulations or natural person commencing with self-employment 
if the total turnover in the previous tax period exceeded EUR 1,000,000.00 or  
5. exceptionally, government administration bodies, regional self-administration bodies, 
local self-administration bodies, Croatian National Bank, institutions of regional self-
administration units, institutions of local self-administration units, state institutes, 
religious communities, political parties, trade unions, chambers, associations, artists 
associations, voluntary fire-fighting societies, technical culture communities, tourist 
communities, sports clubs, sports societies and associations, trusts and funds, if they 
perform commercial activities whose non-taxation would lead to unjustified advantages 
on the market (they are subject to corporate (profit) tax for such commercial activities). 
The tax authority will at own initiative or at the proposal of other tax obligors declare in 
its decision that the above stated persons are obliged to pay corporate (profit) tax for such 
commercial activities; 
6. each entrepreneur and his legal successor not counted to entrepreneurs counted in items 1 
through 5 who is not an income tax obligor according to the income tax regulations and 
whose profit is not taxable elsewhere. 
The tax base shall be the profit determined pursuant to the accounting regulations as the 
difference between revenues and expenditures before the profit tax assessment, increased and 
reduced in accordance with the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. The tax base of a 
resident taxpayer shall be the profit earned in Croatia and abroad and the tax base of a non-
resident shall only be the profit earned in Croatia which shall be assessed in accordance with 
the provisions of Croatian Profit Tax Act. Income from the liquidation or other procedure by 
which the payer terminates operations in accordance with special regulations, income from 
sale, changes in the legal form and division of the payer is included in the tax base, and the tax 
base is determined according to the market value of the assets, unless otherwise provided by 
Croatian Profit Tax Act. 
Withholding tax obligors are payers of interests (certain exemptions available under the 
Croatian Profit Tax Act), dividends, shares in profit, royalties for copyrights and other 
intellectual property rights (copyrights, patents, licences, trademarks, designs or models, 
production processes, production formulae, drawings, plans, industrial or scientific experience 
and similar rights) to foreign persons other than natural persons and paying for market research 
services, tax and business consulting or audit services to foreign persons and paying any other 
kinds of services paid to persons having their registered seats or places of actual administration 
or supervision in countries deemed tax havens or financial centres other than EU member

--- Page 441 ---
441 
 
states and countries with which the Republic of Croatia entered into and applies double tax 
treaties and which are included in the List of Countries issued by the Finance Minister and 
published on web pages of the Ministry of Finance and Tax Administration. 
In case of withholding tax the subject of taxation is the gross amount of payment paid by a 
payer in the country to a non-resident - foreign recipient.  
Corporate (profit) tax rate is 10% if the income of the obligor in the tax period amounts to 
EUR 1,000,000.00 and 18% if the income of the obligor in the tax period is equal or over the 
amount of EUR 1,000,000.00, withholding tax rate is 15%, except for dividends and shares in 
profit for which the withholding tax rate is 10%, and 25% for all kinds of services including 
market research, tax and business consulting and audit services, paid to persons having their 
registered seat or place of actual administration or supervision in countries deemed tax havens 
or financial centres other than EU member states and countries with which the Republic of 
Croatia entered into and applies double tax treaties and which are included in the List of 
Countries issued by the Finance Minister and published on web pages of the Ministry of 
Finance and Tax Administration. 
Croatian withholding tax can be reduced under an effective double tax treaty.  
Finally, Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003 on a common system of taxation 
applicable to interest and royalty payments made between associated companies of different 
Member States, the Council Directive 90/435/EEC on the common system of taxation 
applicable in the case of parent companies and subsidiaries of different Member States and 
Council Directive 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 as regards hybrid mismatches with third 
countries, have been transposed to Croatian legal system through Profit Tax Act.  
5. 
FRANCE 
The following is a general discussion of certain French taxation matters and is (i) based on 
the laws and practice in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and subject to any 
changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made 
with retroactive effect and (ii) prepared on the assumption that the Issuer is not a French 
resident for French tax purposes and is not acting from a French branch or permanent 
establishment in connection with the Securities. Investors should be aware that the statements 
below are of a general nature and addressed to French investors excluding those who invest 
on a regular basis under the same conditions as stock exchange professional investors. They 
do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective 
investors should consult their professional advisers so as to determine, in the light of their 
individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the 
Securities. 
Automatic exchange of information in tax matters 
Following the introduction of FATCA, the OECD introduced a global standard for the 
automatic exchange of financial account information (Common Reporting Standard or 
CRS). CRS requires financial institutions to identify and disclose information on those 
account holders that are tax resident in a Reportable Jurisdiction. The Council of the European 
Union adopted EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending EU Council Directive 
2011/16/EU which effectively incorporated CRS by extending the cooperation between EU 
tax authorities to automatically exchange financial account information (commonly referred to 
as "DAC"). CRS has been implemented into French law as at 1 January 2016 onwards. These 
provisions impose on certain qualifying financial institutions as defined by CRS to disclose to

--- Page 442 ---
442
the competent tax authorities certain information on the financial accounts held by their 
clients.  
Transfer tax and other taxes  
The following rules are applicable to the disposal of French shares: 
• 
The disposal for consideration of French shares is, in principle, subject to a 0.1 per cent. 
transfer tax (the Transfer Tax), provided in the case of shares listed on a recognised 
stock exchange that the transfer is evidenced by a deed or agreement. 
• 
A financial transaction tax in France (the French Financial Transaction Tax) is imposed 
on certain acquisitions of French shares (or certain assimilated securities) which are listed 
on a recognized stock exchange where the relevant issuer's stock market capitalisation 
exceeds €1 billion (on 1 December of the previous calendar year). Since 1 January 2017, 
the French Financial Transaction Tax rate is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition price of the 
transaction. 
• 
If the French Financial Transaction Tax applies to a transaction, an exemption in respect 
of the Transfer Tax would be applicable. 
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to paragraph 
“European Financial Transaction Tax” below. 
French tax implications for the French resident holders of Securities 
(i)  
With respect to French individual tax residents 
Subject to the application of the relevant double tax treaty, income and gains realised in 
respect of the Securities by a French individual tax resident, as the case may be, (assuming that 
such payments would not be attributable to an enterprise carried on by the French income tax 
resident subject to French individual income tax) should be deemed as income from movable 
capital and subject to a 12.8 per cent flat tax (with respect to dividends payments, the 12.8 per 
cent flat tax is due at the time where the income is paid and deemed as an advance payment 
made in respect of their personal income tax and deductible from their personal income tax 
liability in respect of the year in which payment has been made). Social contributions are also 
applicable at an overall rate of 17.2 per cent on income from movable capital received by 
French individual tax residents (with respect to dividend payments, the social contributions are 
also levied at the time where the income is paid). In addition, an exceptional contribution to 
income tax may be assessed in respect of individuals with taxable income over €250,000 for 
single taxpayers and €500,000 for taxable households. French resident individuals should seek 
tax advice from their professional adviser in particular as regards the precise timing and 
collection process for income tax purposes of the income and gains mentioned above. 
(ii)  
With respect to French corporate tax residents 
Income and capital gains realised by a French corporate tax resident on the Securities, as 
applicable, would be subject to (i) French corporate income tax at the normal rate of 25 per 
cent and (ii) a social surcharge levied at 3.3 per cent. of the French corporate income tax rate 
on any corporation tax exceeding €763,000. French corporate tax residents should seek tax 
advice from their professional adviser in particular as regards the precise timing and 
computation for corporate tax purposes of the income and capital gains mentioned above.

--- Page 443 ---
443 
 
6. 
GREECE 
The following is a summary of certain key aspects of tax treatment by the Hellenic Republic 
(“Greece”) at the date hereof in relation to the purchase, ownership and disposal of the 
Securities by holders that are beneficial owners of the Securities, whether or not they reside or 
maintain a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax purposes. This summary is of 
general nature and does not constitute a complete analysis of relevant matters. In particular, it 
is based on the provisions of tax laws currently in force in Greece and current administrative 
practice of the Greek tax authorities, without taking into account any developments or 
amendments after the date hereof, whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect. A number of key matters pertaining to Greek taxation summarised below are 
governed by Greek Law 4172/2013 (on the taxation of income generated as of 1 January 
2014), as amended and currently in force. These laws are subject to potential contrary or 
different future interpretations, guidelines or other forms of instruction that may be issued by 
the Greek Ministry of Finance in the form of circulars, ministerial decisions or other 
secondary legislation, and court interpretation.  
As a result, this summary is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution 
and, therefore, potential investors should consult their own tax advisers as to Greek tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities. 
Withholding and Income Tax  
Non-resident holders of Securities  
Holders of Securities who neither reside nor maintain a permanent establishment in Greece for 
Greek law tax purposes will not be subject to withholding tax in Greece with respect to 
principal, premium or interest payments under the Securities, or accrued (but unpaid) interest 
at the time of disposal of the Securities, provided that any such income is realised outside 
Greece. 
Resident holders of Securities   
Holders of Securities who either reside or maintain a permanent establishment in Greece for 
Greek tax law purposes will be taxed as follows: 
Individuals 
Interest payable under the Securities in favour of individuals who are Greek tax residents will 
be subject to income tax at the flat rate of 15 per cent. If interest payments to individual 
resident holders are effected through an intermediary Greek banking institution, a withholding 
of 15 per cent may be applied, which will exhaust the individual’s Greek tax liability.  
Legal entities 
Interest payable under the Securities in favour of legal entities holding Securities, that are 
either Greek tax resident or maintain a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law 
purposes, will be treated as part of their annual gross income taxed at the standard applicable 
corporate income tax (in their annual income tax return). If interest payments to such entities 
are effected through an intermediary Greek banking institution, a withholding of 15 per cent 
may be applied, which will not exhaust the entire tax liability, but can be offset against the 
entities’ final Greek income tax liability. The prevailing applicable tax rate for corporate 
income for the fiscal years 2019 and 2020 was 24 per cent and is currently 22% as of the fiscal

--- Page 444 ---
444
year 2021 for legal entities keeping double-entry books (including Société Anonymes, Limited 
Liability Companies and Private Capital Companies).  
Any income tax payable as above by individuals or legal entities holding Securities that are tax 
residents of Greece can be reduced by the amount of tax they have paid in another country for 
the same income (foreign tax credit), subject to the provisions of the applicable tax treaty for 
the avoidance of double taxation between Greece and such other country. Such credit is 
available only up to the amount of the tax that would be payable in Greece. The same tax 
treatment applies to interest accrued (but unpaid) at the time of disposal of the Securities.  
Capital gains realized from the transfer of the Securities  
Non-resident holders of Securities  
No Greek capital gains tax will apply to capital gains realised from the disposal of the 
Securities by holders that are not Greek tax residents and/or do not have a permanent 
establishment in Greece for tax purposes, provided that such gain is realised outside Greece.  
Resident holders of Securities   
Capital gains arising from the disposal of the Securities by individuals are subject to tax at a 
rate of 15 per cent whereas capital gains arising from the disposal of Securities by legal entities 
that are Greek tax residents and/or have a permanent establishment in Greece for tax purposes 
are included in their taxable revenues for income tax purposes. 
Value Added Tax  
The value added tax treatment in Greece upon disposal of the Securities would depend on the 
terms of the specific Securities transferred and on the type of contracting parties. 
Inheritance Tax and Taxation on Gifts  
Inheritance tax  
Securities will be subject to Greek inheritance tax in the event the deceased holder was a 
Greek resident or a Greek national. If, however, the Securities were located outside Greece and 
the deceased Greek national holder of Securities had been residing outside Greece for at least 
ten successive years prior to his/her death, the Securities will generally be exempt from Greek 
inheritance tax (subject to certain limited exemptions).  
Greek inheritance tax is calculated pursuant to progressive tax scales depending on the 
relationship between the heir and the deceased (a tax free amount may apply subject to certain 
conditions). In the event no family relationship exists between the heir and the deceased, 
inheritance tax rates are set on the basis of a progressive tax scale from 0 per cent to 40 per 
cent., depending on the value of the Securities inherited. 
Any foreign tax paid on the Securities in a country other than Greece may be credited against 
the relevant Greek tax liability, but the amount credited may not exceed the respective amount 
of Greek inheritance tax due on these Securities.  
Gift tax  
A gift of Securities is subject to Greek tax, if the holder of the Securities (donor) is a Greek 
national, or if the recipient thereof is a Greek national or resident. The rates of gift tax are the

--- Page 445 ---
445 
 
same as those for inheritance tax.  
Stamp Duty  
No Greek stamp duty applies to the issuance or transfer of the Securities.  
7. 
HUNGARY 
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information 
purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Hungary and as applied on the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice, therefore should be treated with appropriate caution. This is a general discussion and 
does not constitute a complete description of all the tax issues that may be relevant in making 
the decision to invest in Securities in Hungary. Prospective investors in the Securities who are 
in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their own professional advisers. 
Taxation of resident private individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Resident private individuals shall be subject to tax liability in respect of all their income (all-
inclusive tax liability). 
Income from interest 
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of individual holders, 
interest income (Interest Income) - among others - is the income paid as interest and the 
capital gains realised upon the redemption or the sale of publicly offered and publicly traded 
debt Securities (with the exception of the sale of collective investment securities on the 
Hungarian stock market or the stock market of any EEA or OECD state). The term “debt 
securities” is defined in Act CXX of 2001 on the Capital Market. Generally, securities which 
do not pertain to the category of securities representing membership rights, should be treated 
as debt securities, therefore, income deriving from the Securities may qualify as income 
deriving from debt securities from personal income tax perspective. Securities listed on a 
regulated market of an EEA member state are considered publicly offered and traded 
securities. The Interest Income is subject to personal income tax of 15 per cent, which will be 
withheld by the Payor (kifizető) (for the definition of Payor please see below). In the absence 
of a Payor, the individual is obliged to assess, report and pay the tax on Interest Income. 
The amount taken into account as the tax base for personal income tax on Interest Income is 
subject to social tax (at 13 per cent) from 1 July 2023. This applies for the Interest Income 
paid with respect to Securities acquired from 1 July 2023. This social tax payment obligation 
does not apply to persons qualifying as “foreigner” for Hungarian social security purposes or 
persons insured for social security purposes in an EU member state or by an EU institution 
pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 
April 2004 on the coordination of social security systems (Foreigners). If such social tax has 
been deducted by the Payor (for the definition of Payor please see below), the Foreigner 
involved is entitled to file a claim for a social tax refund with the Hungarian Tax and Customs 
Authority. The social tax refund is transferred by the Hungarian Tax and Customs Authority to 
the payment account indicated by the private individual.

--- Page 446 ---
446
The proceeds paid on privately placed Securities which are not listed on a regulated market of 
an EEA member State are considered as other income (Other Income) which is taxable at a 
rate up of 15 per cent and is subject to uncapped social tax of 13 per cent, as well.  
The capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of such securities is considered, as a 
general rule, capital gains income (Capital Gains Income). The tax rate applicable to Capital 
Gains Income is 15 per cent, while the rate of social tax payable on the basis of Capital Gains 
Income realised by Hungarian resident individuals is 13 per cent. For this purpose, the 
aggregate annual upper threshold of the social tax amount is 13 per cent of 24 times the all-
time effective minimum wage in Hungary (which means HUF 907,296 annual social tax cap 
calculated based on the 2025 minimum wage amount effective in Hungary).  
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement 
upon the Payor (for the definition of Payor please see below) to withhold tax on the interest 
payments to individual holders. In certain circumstances, Act LII of 2018 on Social Tax also 
imposes a requirement on the Payor to withhold social tax on payments provided to private 
individuals which are subject to social tax. 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation the definition of a Payor covers a 
Hungarian resident legal person, other organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) 
provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such payment is made directly or through an 
intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, Payor shall mean the 
borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider or credit 
institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of revenues originating from a 
transaction concluded with the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such 
stockbroker. In respect of income that is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, 
Payor shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) (legal person, organisation or private 
entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary. 
Personal Income Tax Rate  
In Hungary the personal income tax rate is 15 per cent. 
Social Tax Rate 
In Hungary the social tax rate is 13 per cent. 
Withholding tax 
As long as the income from the transaction - according to the tax regulations of the payer’s 
country legislation – is considered as dividends, it may be limitedly taxable by the Issuer or by 
the entity performing the payments related to the Securities on behalf of the Issuer.  
Taxation of resident entities  
Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax 
The tax liability of resident taxpayers shall apply to their income from Hungary and from 
abroad, both (total tax liability). In general, resident entities are those established under the 
laws of Hungary (i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place 
of management in Hungary are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers.

--- Page 447 ---
447 
 
In general, the interest and capital gain realized on the transactions with Securities by resident 
entities will be the part of their pre-tax profit/loss and will be taxable in the same way as the 
income from the regular operation where pre-tax profit, adjusted with the tax base modifying 
items shall represent the corporate tax base. 
The corporate tax rate is 9 per cent. (flat rate) of the positive tax base. 
Duties and Local Business Tax for resident taxpayers (individual and corporate) 
The Securities should be classified as movable tangible properties in respect of duties. In case 
of inheritance, gifting or quid pro quo transfer of property of Securities in certain cases it is 
necessary to count with the occurrence of duty paying liability. The general rate of inheritance 
and gift duty is 18 per cent of the net worth of the inheritance or gifts received by any one heir, 
legatee or donee. The general rate of duty on the quid pro quo transfer of property is 4 per 
cent. 
The proceeds received on Securities held by credit institutions, financial enterprises, insurance 
companies or investment firms can be subject to local business tax. Generally, in case of other 
taxpayers, the proceeds realized from similar transactions is not part of the local business tax 
base. 
Withholding tax 
The legislation of withholding tax for resident entities is similar to resident private individuals, 
and it is regulated in the double taxation treaty. 
Taxation of non-resident private individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Non-resident private individual shall mean all natural persons other than resident private 
individuals. The tax liability of non-resident private individuals shall apply to income that 
originates in Hungary as the place of gainful activity or is taxable in Hungary by virtue of 
international agreement or reciprocity (limited tax liability).  
Generally, Interest Income should be treated as having a Hungarian source - among others - 
where the relevant issuer is resident in Hungary for tax purposes. As in the present case the 
Issuer of the Securities should not be considered as an entity resident in Hungary for tax 
purposes, the Interest Income should not be regarded as having a Hungarian source.  
Please note that the provisions of applicable double tax conventions, if any, should also be 
considered when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Social Tax 
The amount taken into account as the tax base for personal income tax on Interest Income is 
subject to social tax (at 13 per cent) from 1 July 2023. This applies for the Interest Income paid 
with respect to Securities acquired from 1 July 2023. This social tax payment obligation does 
not apply to persons qualifying as “foreigner” for Hungarian social security purposes or 
persons insured for social security purposes in an EU member state or by an EU institution 
pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 
April 2004 on the coordination of social security systems (Foreigners). If such social tax has

--- Page 448 ---
448
been deducted by the Payor, the Foreigner involved is entitled to file a claim for a social tax 
refund with the Hungarian Tax and Customs Authority. The social tax refund is transferred by 
the Hungarian Tax and Customs Authority to the payment account indicated by the private 
individual. 
Taxation of non-resident entities  
Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax 
Foreign nationals shall be deemed taxpayers, as well as non-resident entities whose head office 
is located abroad if they (a) carry out business operations via a permanent establishment in 
Hungary, provided that they are not considered resident taxpayers due to the location of their 
head office (non-resident entrepreneurs) or (b) obtain any income through the transfer or 
withdrawal of participating interest in a company with real estate holdings (member of a 
company with real estate holdings). 
The tax liability of non-resident entrepreneurs shall apply to their income attributable to the 
Hungarian permanent establishment (limited tax liability). 
When establishing the corporate tax, resident taxpayers and non-resident entrepreneurs shall 
adjust the tax base so that it contains no income that is subject to taxation abroad, if so 
prescribed by international treaty. In other cases, resident taxpayers and non-resident 
entrepreneurs may deduct from the corporate tax any tax paid (or payable) abroad that is 
equivalent to corporate tax. 
Duties for non-resident taxpayers 
In general, the rules of duties for the non-resident individuals and entities are the same. 
The rules of inheritance duty should be applied to all heritage located in Hungary. The same 
provisions should be applied to the movable tangible properties (e.g. Securities) inherited by a 
Hungarian citizen or a non-Hungarian citizen residing in Hungary or a legal entity established 
in Hungary, where the heritage is situated abroad if no inheritance duty or tax corresponding 
thereto is payable in the state in which such heritage is situated. 
The provisions governing duties on gifts and transfer for consideration of property shall apply 
to moveable tangible properties (e.g. the Securities), unless otherwise provided for by an 
international agreement. 
If the transfer of movable tangible property took place in Hungary, the owner of that movable 
tangible property should calculate with the duty paying liability, in line with the general rules 
mentioned regarding resident private individuals. 
8. 
IRELAND 
The following is an overview of the Irish tax treatment of the Securities. The overview does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. 
The overview is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective 
investors in the Securities should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the Securities 
including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes, if applicable.

--- Page 449 ---
449 
 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period 
in excess of one year); 
• Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being 
made for a period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the 
recipient); and 
• Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by 
companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax.  
Generally, the rate is 20% however in the case of the latter (i.e. distributions) the rate is 25%.  
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the 
Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Securities is 
connected, nor are the Securities held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in 
Ireland or secured on property situated in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest 
or annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be regarded as payments 
having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be 
obliged to deduct any amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made 
in connection with the Securities. 
Separately, for as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the 
Securities should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment 
made by it in connection with the purchase of the Securities. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Irish encashment tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest or 
other distribution on any Securities where such interest or other distribution is collected or 
realised by a paying agent in Ireland on behalf of any Securityholder. There is an exemption 
from encashment tax where the payments are made (i) in Ireland to a non-resident that is 
beneficially entitled to the income and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed 
form to the paying agent or (ii) to an Irish tax resident company beneficially entitled to that 
income and which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of that income. 
Irish Corporation Tax and Income Tax  
Irish resident holders of the Securities will generally be liable to Irish income tax or 
corporation tax in respect of income payable on Securities. Irish holders who acquire 
Securities should consider whether the Irish tax regime relating to 'specified interest' or 
'foreign deposit interest' (under section 267M of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland) 
could apply to such Securities. If the return constitutes 'specified interest' or 'foreign deposit 
interest' for these purposes, the rate of tax specified in section 267M may apply to such return. 
Irish Stamp Duty

--- Page 450 ---
450
As the Issuer is not registered in Ireland, stamp duty should not arise on a document effecting 
a transfer of the Securities so long as the instrument of transfer of the Securities does not relate 
to: 
a) any immovable property in Ireland; or  
b) stocks or marketable securities of a company registered in Ireland (other than an investment 
undertaking (within the meaning of section 739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997) or 
qualifying company (within the meaning of section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 
1997)).  
Stamp duty at a rate of 1 per cent. or 7.5 per cent. may arise on physical settlement in certain 
cases involving the transfer of Irish assets. 
Capital Gains Tax 
An Irish resident holder of the Securities may be liable to Irish capital gains tax at a rate of 33 
per cent if a gain is realised on the disposal of the Securities. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax 
(which, subject to available exemptions and reliefs, is currently levied at 33 per cent.) if either 
(i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or 
ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in 
Ireland) or (ii) if the Securities are regarded as property situate in Ireland. A foreign domiciled 
individual will only be regarded as being resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for the 
purposes of Irish capital acquisitions tax at the date of the gift or inheritance if that individual 
(i) has been resident in Ireland for the five consecutive tax years preceding the year of 
assessment in which that gift or inheritance is made, and (ii) is either resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland on that date. Securities in registered form may potentially be regarded as 
property situate in Ireland if the Issuer has a residence in Ireland or, potentially, the register of 
the Securities is in Ireland. Accordingly, if Irish situated Securities are comprised in a gift or 
inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be within the charge to tax regardless of the residence 
status of the disponer or the donee/successor. 
9. 
ITALY 
The following is a general discussion of current Italian law and practice relating to the 
taxation of the Securities. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers 
in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their interest in the Securities. 
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the 
specific terms of such Series or Tranche of Securities as set out in the respective Final Terms,

--- Page 451 ---
451 
 
the following section only provides some general information on the possible tax treatment.  
This summary may not provide prospective investors with a comprehensive description of the 
tax consequences of an investment in Securities that are redeemed by physical delivery. 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different 
depending on whether: (a) they represent a securitized debt claim, implying a static "use of 
capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the 
Issuer a certain amount of capital for the purpose of obtaining remuneration on the same 
capital and subject to the right to obtain its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) they represent a securitized derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative 
financial instruments that do not entail a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of the 
Securities invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a 
profit deriving from the terms of such underlying financial instruments. 
The following summary does not describe the tax treatment of bonds (obbligazioni) and 
similar securities (which are debentures incorporating an unconditional obligation of the 
Issuer to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value). 
Italian taxation of the Securities  
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivatives are subject to Article 67 
of the Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 and Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997, as subsequently amended, where the Italian resident Securityholder is (i) an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, (ii) 
a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an 
investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, capital gains accrued under the sale or 
the exercise of the Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva).  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital 
gains in respect of the Securities realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident 
individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be 
exempt from taxation, including the substitute tax of 26 per cent., if the Securities are included 
in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
The recipient may opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
(1) 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default 
regime for Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Securities are connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian 
resident individual Securityholder, holding Securities not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during 
any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding Securities not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such 
gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of 
capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years.

--- Page 452 ---
452
(2) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual 
Securityholders holding the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may 
elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Securities (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of 
capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or 
certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express election for the risparmio 
amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Securityholder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains 
realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to 
pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or using funds 
provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a sale or redemption of the Securities results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted 
from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato 
regime, the Securityholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(3) 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the 
so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per 
cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried 
forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding 
tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Securityholder is not required to declare the 
capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or a similar commercial entity, or the 
Italian permanent establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Securities are 
effectively connected, capital gains arising from the Securities will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Securityholder's income tax return and are 
therefore subject to Italian corporate tax ("IRES") and, in certain circumstances, depending on 
the "status" of the Securityholder, also as a part of the net value of production for the purposes 
of the Italian regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP").  
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is an open-ended or closed-ended 
investment fund (subject to the tax regime provide by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983) (the 
“Fund”) or an open-ended investment company (società di investimento a capitale variabile – 
SICAV) or an close-ended investment company, other than a real estate investment company 
(società di investimento a capitale fisso – SICAF) will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva. 
The proceeds distributed by the Fund or the SICAV/SICAF or received by certain categories 
of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units will be taxed on the investors who 
subscribe the quotas of the Funds or the shares of the SICAV/SICAF on a distribution basis.  
Capital gain realised by an investor which is an Italian resident real estate investment fund 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 or an Italian 
real estate investment company (the "Real Estate SICAF") are subject neither to substitute tax

--- Page 453 ---
453 
 
nor to any other income in the hands of the same real estate investment fund or Real Estate 
SICAF.  
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be 
subject to the 20 per cent. ad hoc substitute tax on their annual net accrued result (the 
"Pension Fund Tax"). Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum 
holding period), capital gains in respect of Securities realized upon sale, transfer or redemption 
by Italian resident pension fund may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund 
Tax, if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set 
forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Securityholders, not having a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are connected, are not subject to Italian taxation, 
provided that the Securities (i) are traded on regulated markets, or (ii) are held outside of Italy. 
Moreover, even if the Securities are held in Italy, no imposta sostitutiva applies if the non-
Italian resident Securityholder beneficial owner is resident for tax purposes in a country which 
recognises the Italian tax authorities' right to an adequate exchange of information or in a 
country which entered into a double taxation treaty with Italy allowing for the taxation of such 
capital gains only in the residence country of the recipient Securityholder, provided that the 
relevant procedures and conditions are met. 
Atypical securities 
According to a certain interpretation of Italian tax law there is the possibility that, on the basis 
of certain features of the Securities, the Securities would be qualified for tax purposes as 
atypical securities and will be subject to the provisions of Article 5 of law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983. As a consequence, payments relating to these Securities shall be subject to 
a withholding tax levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (final or on account depending on the 
"status" and tax residence of the Securityholder) by the Issuer or by the entity performing the 
payments related to the Securities on behalf of the Issuer. Where the Securityholder is (i) an 
Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, 
(ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign entity, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial 
private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other 
cases the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities (which qualify as "atypical" securities as defined above), if 
such Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set 
forth by Italian law.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower rate of 
withholding tax in case of payments to non Italian resident Securityholders, subject to proper 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements.

--- Page 454 ---
454
Inheritance and gift tax  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006, as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including 
shares, bonds or other securities, such as the Securities) as a result of death or donation are 
taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding €1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third 
degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject 
to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding € 100,000; and 
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 
rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law n. 104 
of February 5, 1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the 
inheritance or gift exceeds € 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax  
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, as from 31 December 2007 contracts relating to 
the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty  
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 
26 October 1972, as amended by Article 1 par. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 
("Decree 642"), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial 
product and instrument, which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The 
stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent. and it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers 
which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the market value or – in the 
absence of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial 
product or financial instruments. Based on the interpretation of the law, it may be understood 
that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident Securityholders, to 
the extent that the Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is 
not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of 
reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined 
in the relevant regulations issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a 
banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.

--- Page 455 ---
455 
 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad  
According to Article 19 par. from 18 to 23 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions holding financial assets – including the Securities – outside of the Italian territory 
are required to declare in its own annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 
per cent ("IVAFE"). Starting from 1 January 2024, IVAFE applies at the rate of 0.4 per cent if 
the Securities are held in a country listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999.  
IVAFE cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This tax is calculated 
on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or at the end of the holding period) or, if no 
market value figure is available, on the nominal value or redemption value, or in case the face 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset 
(including the Securities) held abroad. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax 
levied in the State where such financial assets are held (up to the amount of IVAFE due). The 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE, if such financial assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and 
the items of income derived from the Securities have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries. In this case, indeed, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 
13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 
1990, as amended, individuals, non-commercial institutions and non-commercial partnerships 
resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in 
certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax 
authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper 
form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return).  
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Financial Transaction Tax  
Pursuant to Article 1, para. 491 and followings of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, the 
Italian Parliament introduced a financial transaction tax ("FTT") which applies to (a) the 
transfer of ownership of shares and other participating securities issued by Italian resident 
companies or of financial instruments representing the just mentioned shares and/or 
participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident issuers or not) (the 
"Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main underlying assets 
of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or more 
Relevant Securities, as well as to (c) any transactions on the securities (as set forth by article 1, 
paragraph 1-bis, letters c) and d), of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998), (iii) 
which is allowed to mainly purchase or sell one or more Relevant Securities or (iv) implying a 
cash payment determined with main reference to one or more Relevant Securities.  
Warrants and certificates are expressly included in the scope of application of the FTT if they 
meet the requirements set out above. 
With specific reference to the transactions on securitised derivatives on the Relevant Securities 
(such as the Securities) the FTT is due, as of 1 September 2013, regardless of the tax residence 
of the parties and/or where the transaction is executed.

--- Page 456 ---
456
The FTT is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the relevant 
instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between EUR 0.01875 and 
EUR 200 per transaction.  
The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the transaction is 
performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU Member States 
and of the SEE.  
The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. The FTT is not 
applied where one of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the BCE, central 
banks of the EU Member States, foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official 
reserves of a foreign State, or international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions 
exist, inter alia, for (i) subjects who carry on market making activities; (ii) mandatory social 
security entities and pension funds set up according to Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005; and (iii) intragroup transfers of the Relevant Securities. 
The FTT shall be levied, and subsequently paid, to the Italian Revenue by the subject 
(generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any way, in the performance of the 
transaction. If more than one subject is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT is 
payable by the subject who receives the order of execution by the ultimate purchaser or 
counterparty. Intermediaries that are not resident in Italy but are liable to collect the FTT from 
the taxpayers and to pay it to the Italian Revenue can appoint an Italian tax representative for 
the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary is involved in the performance of the transaction, 
the FTT must be paid directly by the taxpayers.  
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to paragraph 
“European Financial Transaction Tax” below. 
10. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The statements herein regarding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in 
force in Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in 
law. 
The following information is of a general nature, is not intended to be, nor should it be 
construed to be, legal or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of 
all the Luxembourg tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Securities. Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult 
their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as a result of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of the Securities. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to 
a withholding tax or a tax of similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Withholding tax 
Non-Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on

--- Page 457 ---
457 
 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding 
tax payable upon settlement, repurchase or exchange of the Securities held by non-resident 
holders of Securities. 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
settlement, repurchase or exchange of Securities held by Luxembourg resident holders of 
Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg are at present subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax 
will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the 
course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the 
tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest or similar income 
under the Securities coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to withholding tax of 
20 per cent. 
Taxation of Corporate Holders  
Luxembourg corporate holders  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg 
income tax on a repayment of principal.  
A corporate holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, or who has 
a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities 
are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes in respect of the interest received 
or accrued on the Securities as well as on any redemption premium received or issue discount 
realized.  
Gains realized by a corporate holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes or who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to 
which the Securities are attributable, on the sale or disposal of their Securities, are subject to 
Luxembourg corporation taxes.  
Non-resident corporate holders not having a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Luxembourg  
Gains realized by a non-resident corporate holder of Securities who does not have a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are 
attributable, on the sale or disposal of their Securities, are not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax.  
Wealth tax  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, a holder of Securities who is a resident of Luxembourg 
for tax purposes, or a non-resident holder of Securities who has a permanent establishment or a 
fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Securities are attributable, has to take into

--- Page 458 ---
458
account the Securities for purposes of the Luxembourg wealth tax, with the exception of 
venture capital companies subject to the law dated of 15 June 2004, as amended, private 
wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, regulated 
investment funds subject to the law of 17 December 2010, as amended, specialized investment 
funds subject to the law of 13 February 2007, as amended, securitization companies subject to 
the law of 22 March 2004, as amended, professional pension institutions subject to the law 
dated 13 July 2005, as amended, and reserved alternative investment funds subject to the law 
dated 23 July 2016, as amended. 
Taxation of Individual Holders  
Resident individuals  
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg 
income tax on a repayment of principal.  
An individual holder of Securities managing their private wealth, who is a resident of 
Luxembourg for tax purposes, is subject to income tax at progressive rates in respect of 
interest received, redemption premium received or issue discount realized on the Securities, 
except where (i) such interest has been subject to withholding tax under the Relibi Law, or 
(ii) the individual holder of the Securities has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full 
discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, as amended, which applies if a 
payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member 
State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other 
than a EU Member State). 
Under Luxembourg tax laws, a gain realized by an individual holder of Securities managing 
their private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or 
disposal of the Securities is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or 
disposal took place at least six months after the acquisition of the Securities. An individual 
holder of Securities, managing their private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for 
tax purposes, has to further include the portion of their gain corresponding to accrued but 
unpaid interest income in respect of the Securities in their taxable income, except where such 
interest has been subject to withholding tax under the Relibi Law, as amended.  
Gains realized upon the sale or disposal of the Securities by an individual holder of their 
Securities, managing a professional or business undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg 
for tax purposes or who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Luxembourg to which the Securities are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
There is no wealth tax for individuals.  
An individual holder of Securities managing a professional or business undertaking must 
include this interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the 
Relibi Law, as amended, will be credited against their final tax liability.  
Non-resident individuals  
A non-resident holder of Securities, not having a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Securities are attributable, is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premium received or 
issue discount realized on the notes or gains realized on the sale or disposal of the Securities.  
Indirect Taxes

--- Page 459 ---
459 
 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Securities will 
give rise to any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.  
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Under present Luxembourg tax laws, in the case where a holder of Securities is a resident for 
tax purposes of Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Securities are included in his taxable 
estate for inheritance tax purposes and gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of notes if a 
deed is registered in Luxembourg.  
No stamp duty  
A fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of a document linked 
to the Securities in Luxembourg in the case where such document is physically attached to a 
public deed or to any other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case 
of a registration of such document on a voluntary basis. 
11. 
PORTUGAL  
The following is a general discussion of the current Portuguese tax treatment at the date hereof 
in relation to certain aspects of the Portuguese taxation of payments in respect of the 
Securities. The statements do not deal with other Portuguese tax aspects regarding the 
Securities and relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the 
Securities. The following is a general guide, does not constitute tax or legal advice and should 
be treated with appropriate caution. This summary does not take into account or discuss the tax 
laws of any country other than Portugal and deals only with investors who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Securities. Holders of and prospective investors in the Securities 
should consult their own tax advisors as to the Portuguese and any other tax consequences that 
may be involved in acquiring, holding, redeeming, selling or gratuitously transferring the 
Securities.  
Security holders income tax 
The Portuguese tax implications arising from the Securities will depend on the treatment of the 
underlying income as investment income or as capital gains, as described below.  
Whenever there is the obligation to withhold tax at source, such responsibility shall fall on the 
Portuguese resident paying agent. 
Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) 
(i) 
Investment income 
Investment income (e.g. interest income or dividends) derived by Portuguese tax resident 
individuals is subject to PIT which shall be withheld at the current final withholding rate of 28 
per cent., if there is a Portuguese resident paying agent, as from the moment the respective 
amounts are made available to the individual resident in Portugal for tax purposes (assuming 
they act in their capacity as private investors,  i.e. the investment is not linked to a professional 
investment activity). This final 28 per cent. rate will not apply for individuals who elect to 
include the income in their taxable income, in which case the income will be subject to tax at 
the applicable progressive PIT rates (currently, up to 48 per cent.) on income in excess of 
€83,696, and an additional PIT rate of 2.5 per cent. will be due on the part of the taxable 
income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income

--- Page 460 ---
460
exceeding €250,000. In this case, the tax withheld is deemed to be a payment on account of the 
final tax due. Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of 
one or more accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is 
subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of 
the income is/are identified, in which case the general tax rates applicable to such beneficial 
owner(s) will apply. 
Investment income payments due by non-resident entities to Portuguese tax resident 
individuals are subject to an autonomous taxation at a rate of 28 per cent., whenever those 
payments are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax (i.e. when there is no payment agent in 
Portugal to which the withholding obligation is attributable). This final 28 per cent. rate will 
not apply to those  individuals who elect to aggregate this income with their remaining taxable 
income, in which case the investment income will be subject to tax at progressive PIT rates of 
up to 48 per cent.. If this election is made, an additional PIT rate of 2.5 per cent. will be due on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €250,000. 
(ii) 
Capital gains 
As of January 1, 2023, the treatment of capital gains from the sale of securities derived by 
Portuguese tax residents suffered material changes and short-term net capital gains from the 
sale of securities (defined as those arising from securities held for less than 365 days) are 
currently subject to progressive PIT rates, provided that the taxpayer has a taxable income 
(including such net capital gains) in excess of the amount subject to the last PIT bracket 
(currently, annual amount of €83,696).  
The progressive rates range from 13 per cent. up to 48 per cent.. In addition, as mentioned 
above, a solidarity surcharge of 2.5 per cent. applies on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000.  
For capital gains derived from the sale of shares held for more than 365 days or held by 
taxpayers that do not fall in the last bracket mentioned, a flat 28 per cent. rate would apply, 
unless the individuals resident in Portugal elect to include the income in their taxable income, 
in which case the progressive rates mentioned above (including the additional solidarity rates, 
if due) will apply. The above framework assumes the individuals act in their capacity as 
private investors, not linked to a professional investment activity. 
There is no Portuguese withholding tax on capital gains. 
Corporate Income Tax (CIT) 
Investment income and capital gains 
Investment income and capital gains derived by Portuguese corporate resident entities in 
relation to the Securities will be included in their taxable income and subject to CIT at a rate of 
(i) 20 per cent. or (ii) 16 per cent. if the taxpayer qualifies as a small or medium-sized 
company or as a small mid cap, as defined in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November, 
applicable to taxable profits up to €50,000 (the excess thereof will be subject to the standard 
CIT rate of 20 per cent.). In the case of startups (as defined in the Portuguese legislation) the 
rate applicable to the first €50,000 of taxable profits is reduced to 12.5 per cent. (subject to 
certain conditions). A municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5 per cent. may 
also be due over the Securityholder taxable profits. A State Surcharge ("derrama estadual") 
may also be due at a rate of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €

--- Page 461 ---
461 
 
1,500,000 up to € 7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on taxable profits exceeding € 7,500,000 up to € 
35,000,000, and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding € 35,000,000. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014 of 31 December 2014 (amended by Law 
98/2017, of 24 August), the legal framework based on reciprocal exchange of information on 
financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with FATCA. Additional 
legislation was published in the last quarter of 2016, namely regarding certain procedures, 
rules and dates in connection with FATCA (i.e., Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October, 
amended by Law 98/2017, of 24 August and by Law 17/2019, of 14 February, and Ministerial 
Order 302-A/2016, of 2 December, amended by Ministerial Order 169/2017, of 25 May, and 
Ministerial Order 302-D/2016, of 2 December, amended by Ministerial Orders 255/2017, of 
14 August and 58/2018, of 27 February). Furthermore, the governments of Portugal and the 
United States have entered into an intergovernmental agreement based largely on the Model 1 
IGA on 6 August 2015. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized 
financial transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the 
Securities. 
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to paragraph 
“European Financial Transaction Tax” below. 
12. 
SLOVAKIA  
The purpose of the overview below is to provide a general overview of the relevant Slovak tax 
rules based on the laws in force in Slovakia as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax implications that might be relevant to an 
investment decision. Please note that Investors in the securities should consult with their 
professional advisers particular circumstances which should be examined and considered in 
detail.  
Income tax 
Residents  
Individuals, who are residents in Slovakia, are subject to unlimited income tax liability on their 
world-wide income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources). An individual is resident 
in Slovakia if he/she has his/her domicile (a registered permanent stay), residence or habitual 
place of abode (a physical presence for more than 183 days in a calendar year) in Slovakia. 
Residence shall mean (in the context of the double-taxation treaties) the possibility of 
accommodation, which is permanently available to physical person, other than occasional 
accommodation for the purposes of business travels, tourism, recreation, etc., while an 
intention of physical person to permanently reside in the state with respect to his/her personal 
and economic ties is obvious. Corporations having their registered office and/or their place of 
effective management in the territory of Slovakia are subject to corporate income tax in 
Slovakia on their world-wide income (i.e. income from domestic and foreign sources).

--- Page 462 ---
462
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are subject to income tax only on income 
from the sources in Slovakia. Both in case of residents and non-residents Slovakia's right to tax 
may be restricted by a relevant double taxation treaty. 
Interests 
In general, the interest income earned from the securities is subject to a withholding tax of 
19%. Revenues from state bonds and state treasury bills issued by the Slovak Republic or 
member State of EU or EEC are subject to special 13% tax rate. The exception are interests 
paid to residents of States (i) with which Slovakia has not concluded a treaty on avoidance of 
double taxation or on mutual exchange of information in tax matters, or (ii) which are included 
in the EU list of non-cooperative countries, or do not apply (or have zero tax rate of) the 
corporate income tax (“uncooperative jurisdictions”), for which a tax rate of 35% shall be 
applied. The Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic publishes the list of States deemed as 
cooperative jurisdictions. Revenues (incomes) from bonds and treasury bills sourced in 
Slovakia and paid to an individual are taxed by a withholding tax except for the revenues from 
state bonds and state treasury bills. In case of interest income with source outside of Slovakia, 
or revenue from state bonds and state treasury bills, such income received by an individual 
shall be included in the special tax base and reported in annual personal income tax return. 
With respect to corporations, the interest income having source abroad shall be included in the 
general tax base and declared in annual corporate income tax return. The withholding tax shall 
also be withheld from the income paid to companies which are not established for business 
purposes and to the National Bank of Slovakia. 
The tax is to be withheld by a paying entity at the moment of payment. The paying entity is 
obliged to pay the tax withheld to tax authority within 15 days following the end of month in 
which the income payment was carried out and within the same deadline submit an 
announcement report. The tax withheld could have an effect of a final taxation or, under the 
stipulated conditions, the taxpayer could offset it against the tax due in the same fiscal period.  
Individual investors 
In case the income from interest on the securities originates from sources abroad to an 
individual, it shall be included in the special tax base. The tax rate for individuals will be at the 
level of 19% of the special tax base, or 13% in case of income from state bonds and state 
treasury bills issued by the Slovak Republic or member State of EU or EEC. 
However, it is necessary to review the respective Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty 
concluded between Slovakia and another country in which the securities are generated, 
whether such other country has a right for the taxation of income from these securities. 
Corporations 
In general, a corporation shall include the interest received in its general corporate income tax 
base, which is taxable at a tax rate of 21%, if the taxable income of the legal entity for the 
taxation period exceeds 100,000 EUR and does not exceed 5,000,000 EUR, or 10%, if the 
taxable income of the legal entity for the taxation period does not exceed 100,000 EUR, or 
24%, if the taxable income of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds 5,000,000 EUR 
(effective for taxable periods commencing on or after 1 January 2025). Since 2025 income 
from state bonds and state treasury bills issued by the Slovak Republic or member State of EU 
or EEC is included in special tax base with applicable tax rate of 13%. 
Capital gains – Income from sale of the securities

--- Page 463 ---
463 
 
Income from sale of securities originating from a source abroad is subject to 
(personal/corporate) income tax in Slovakia if the recipient is a Slovak tax resident. Such 
income should be included in the taxpayer's income tax base (no withholding tax shall be 
applied). Individual investor´s capital gains from sale of the securities are subject to personal 
income tax at a rate of 19% or 25% depending on the amount of this income. The tax base not 
exceeding the amount of EUR 48,441.43 (valid for year 2025) is taxed by 19% tax rate, the 
amount exceeding the cap for 19% is taxed by a higher 25% tax rate (progressive tax rate). 
Provided that certain conditions are met this kind of personal income may be exempt from the 
tax. More details on potential exemption can be found in the text below. Taxable income from 
capital gains of individuals subject to the Slovak system of social security are subject to 15% 
health insurance contributions, without any maximum cap applicable. Health insurance 
contribution is after its payment regarded as tax deductible cost. 
Capital gains from sale of the securities are included in the corporate income tax base and as 
such taxed at tax rate of 21%, if the taxable income of the legal entity for the taxation period 
exceeds 100,000 EUR and does not exceed 5,000,000 EUR, or 10%, if the taxable income of 
the legal entity for the taxation period does not exceed 100,000 EUR, or 24%, if the taxable 
income of the legal entity for the taxation period exceeds 5,000,000 EUR (effective for taxable 
periods commencing on or after 1 January 2025). 
When considering the taxation of sale of the securities the source of which is e.g. in Italy and 
are paid to a Slovak tax resident, the provisions of the existing double taxation treaty between 
Italy and Slovakia should be taken into consideration. Under the provisions of this double 
taxation treaty capital gains from sale of such securities are in general taxable only in Slovakia, 
i.e. the country of tax domicile. The income tax is levied as follows: 
Individual investors (private and business investors) 
The tax base shall be equal to the taxable income less any expenses, which may be 
documented as having been incurred in order to generate the income. Expenses that can be 
deducted are the purchase price proven to be paid for the securities, or when there is no 
purchase (i.e. free of charge - donation, inheritance) then the price for the securities 
determined at the time when the securities were acquired, and the expenses related to the 
acquisition or purchase of the securities. 
The capital gains from the sale of the securities will be exempt from Slovak personal income 
tax if the aggregate of the tax base related to the "other income" category (i.e. debentures, 
shares, bills of exchange etc.) does not exceed the flat amount of EUR 500. The same limit for 
exemption relates to rental income, income from transfer of options and income from transfer 
of ownership interest in a company. Thus, the exemption of EUR 500 shall be applied to the 
aggregate of all afore mentioned incomes (“the other income”, rental income, transfer of 
options and of ownership interests in a company). If the above mentioned limit is exceeded, 
only the excess amount is included in the tax base. 
Further, the income from sale of the securities accepted for trading on a regulated market or a 
similar foreign regulated market shall be exempt from tax and that after one year from their 
acquisition, if the period between their admission to a regulated market or to a similar foreign 
regulated market and their sale exceeds one year. Such income from sale of the securities is 
not exempt from tax if the securities were included into business assets of the taxpayer. 
From the tax shall be exempt also the income from sale of securities, options and income from 
derivative transactions derived from long-term investment savings after fulfilment of 
conditions set (determined) in the special act including income paid after 15 years from the 
beginning of long-term investment savings. Such income from sale is not exempt from tax if 
such securities, options and income from the derivative transactions were included into 
business assets of the taxpayer.

--- Page 464 ---
464
A loss from sale of securities shall not be offset against gains from other types of income in the 
same fiscal period - only the expenses up to the amount of income shall be considered upon 
the calculation of the tax base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the full loss incurred may be considered as a tax 
deductible expense, these are:  
i. 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the 
bonds and included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of 
the bond; and 
ii. 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special 
legislation, and which may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up 
to the amount posted as their cost. 
Corporations 
In Slovakia, there is no difference in taxation of the capital gains of the individual investors 
holding securities as a business asset and corporations, therefore the section above applies to 
the corporations as well, except the applicable income tax rates. 
According to the Slovak Income Tax Act, a loss generated from the sale of securities shall not 
be offset against gains from sale of securities in the same fiscal period - only the expenses up 
to the amount of income shall be considered upon the calculation of the tax base. 
Under the specific conditions stated below, the loss incurred is entirely accepted as a tax 
deductible expense:  
(i) 
bonds, the selling price of which is not lower by more than the interest accrued on the 
bonds and included in the tax base prior to the date of sale or the date of maturity of 
the bond; and 
(ii) 
for taxable persons who engage in trading with securities pursuant to special 
legislation, and which may deduct the expense of the acquisition of the securities up 
to the amount posted as their cost. 
Non-residents 
Interests 
Non-residents (both individuals and corporations) are taxed only on their Slovak-source 
income. The interest income earned from securities paid out by a Slovak tax resident or a 
permanent establishment of a Slovak tax non-resident to a Slovak tax non-resident are taxed at 
the domestic withholding tax rate of 19% (35% in case of residents in uncooperative 
jurisdictions within the meaning as per above) unless such rate is reduced by a double taxation 
treaty or exempt under the EU Interest and Royalties Directive. The responsibility for 
withholding of the tax at source is vested with the Slovak tax resident or a permanent 
establishment of a Slovak tax non-resident making the relevant payment. 
EU Savings Directive  
The Slovak Republic has implemented the Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 
2014 amending Directive 2011/16/EU, which is dealing with mandatory automatic exchange 
of information in the field of taxation into the Slovak act on international assistance and 
cooperation in tax administration and into Slovak act on automatic exchange of information

--- Page 465 ---
465 
 
regarding to financial accounts for the purpose of tax administration. This council directive has 
replaced the previous Council Directive 2003/48/EC (Saving Directive) in the field of 
exchange of information.  
Interest income subject to the automatic exchange of information constitutes, inter alia, income 
incurred from participation certificates, bonds, certificates of deposit, treasury bills and other 
securities of similar characteristics during the holding of such a financial instrument or income 
accrued at the sale, refund or redemption of the financial instrument.  
Withholding tax in relation to securities 
Provided that (i) the securities shall be issued outside the Slovak Republic, (ii) the Issuer shall 
be a Slovak tax non-resident and (iii) all payments in relation to securities shall be executed by 
the Issuer or by the entity executing such payments on behalf of the Issuer, any income earned 
from the securities shall be qualified as the income having a source outside the Slovakia and as 
such shall not be subject to withholding tax in Slovakia. 
Capital gains – Income from sale of the securities 
The capital gains realised by a Slovak tax non-resident on sale of the securities issued by a 
foreign entity are not treated as a Slovak-source income (i.e. it is not subject to tax in 
Slovakia). In general, only the capital gains realised by Slovak tax non-residents on the sale of 
securities issued by tax payers having their seat in Slovakia, shall be taxed in Slovakia under 
local tax law except of the revenues from the state bonds and state treasury bills. 
Dividends 
The tax treatment of and related health insurance obligations arising on dividend income differ 
with respect to taxable period in which the profit was generated from which the dividends shall 
be distributed. The treatment is determined irrespective of when the actual dividend payment 
occurs. The dividend income derived from profit achieved in taxable periods up to 2003 and 
then since 2017 is subject to income tax in Slovakia. Dividends distributed from profit 
achieved in periods between 2011 and 2012 shall not be subject to tax, however in the case 
that these dividends are paid to individuals, they are subject to 10 % health insurance 
obligation. Dividends from profits of 2013 to 2016 also shall not be subject to tax, but the 
health insurance obligation of 15% arises. Dividends paid to the individuals from profits 
generated in tax periods commencing on or after 1 January 2017 shall be subject to income tax 
at a rate of 7%, dividends from profits generated in tax periods commencing on or after 1 
January 2024 shall be subject to income tax at a rate of 10%, and dividends from profits 
generated in tax periods commencing on or after 1 January 2025 shall be subject to income tax 
at a rate of 7%; however there is no obligation to pay health insurance on such income. 
Nevertheless, the fact whether Slovakia is entitled to tax dividend income shall be analysed 
thoroughly with regards to provisions of double taxation treaty concluded between Slovakia 
and the other State. It may be that the relevant treaty includes a cap as to the amount of tax that 
may be charged by either State. 
Shall an individual or a business entity who are considered as tax residents of Slovakia, receive 
dividend income from uncooperative jurisdictions within the meaning as per above, the 
applicable tax rate amounts to 35%.  
As to business entities, with the exception of the above mentioned uncooperative jurisdictions, 
dividend income shall be exempt from tax provided that the dividend paying entity does not 
treat it as a tax deductible expense.

--- Page 466 ---
466
The Slovak health insurance contributions received from the dividends are applicable only to 
individuals who participate on obligatory in the Slovak health insurance system and do not 
have any confirmation on participation in another foreign obligatory health insurance system, 
e.g. in a form of an A1 form. The amount of health insurance contribution is capped by a so-
called maximum calculation base (“maximálny vymeriavací základ”) for the amount of income 
on which the contributions shall be paid. The maximum limit set for income received in 2025 
amounts to EUR 85,800.  
Other taxes 
There is no inheritance tax, gift tax, ownership tax or transfer tax in the Slovak Republic. 
However, if securities are donated by an employer to a Slovak tax resident who is an 
employee, or if securities are donated to a Slovak tax resident who is self-employed and these 
securities are donated in connection with the carrying out of this self-employment, the value of 
the gift is subject to Slovak income tax and related health insurance contributions. The value of 
such gift is also subject to the Slovak social insurance contributions since the assessment base 
for social insurance purposes generally follows the tax base of the individual (employee or 
self-employed person), although some exemptions may apply. 
13. 
SLOVENIA 
The following is a general description of certain Slovenian tax considerations relating to the 
Securities, based on the Issuer's understanding of the current law and its practice in Slovenia. 
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all relevant tax considerations. Furthermore, 
it only relates to the position of investors who are beneficial owners of the Securities and the 
interest and may not apply to certain classes of investors. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of the Republic of 
Slovenia of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Securities and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities. This overview is based upon the 
law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
1. Taxation of individuals 
Residents and non-residents 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2), an individual 
is deemed to be a resident of Slovenia if his registered permanent address, habitual place or the 
centre of his personal and economic interests is in Slovenia. In addition, any person who has 
been present in Slovenia in a tax year for more than 183 days in the aggregate is deemed to be 
a resident in the tax year. Resident individuals are subject to income tax on their worldwide 
income. In general, all income, profits and gains are taxable, unless specifically exempt by 
law. 
In accordance with the Personal Income Tax Act, non-residents are subject to tax on income 
derived from a source in Slovenia. Withholding tax is generally levied at a rate of 25%. Source 
taxation may be obviated or reduced pursuant to the terms of an applicable double taxation 
treaty, with the holder applying for a refund with the Slovenian tax authorities providing proof 
of eligibility. 
Taxation of financial derivatives

--- Page 467 ---
467 
 
Under the Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; ZDoh-2), capital gains from the sale 
or other disposition of debt securities and other financial derivatives held as non-business 
assets are in general exempt from taxation. Capital gains derived from the alienation of 
financial derivatives (as defined in the Article 7 of the Financial Instruments Market Act 
(Zakon o trgu finančnih instrumentov; ZTFI-1) and debt securities (except for coupon debt 
securities and discount debt securities) by a resident individual are taxed at the rate of 40% (in 
the first 12 months of holding) and 27.5% (in the following 4 years of holding) according to 
the Act on the Taxation of Profits from the Disposal of Derivatives (Zakon o davku od dobička 
od odsvojitve izvedenih finančnih instrumentov; ZDDOIFI). The tax rate is further reduced by 
7.5 percentage points for the next 5 years of holding, so that the rate of 20% applies after 5th 
year of holding, and further by 5 percentage points for each following 5 years of holding so 
that 15% and 10% tax rate applies after the 10th and 15th year of holding, respectively. After 
the 20th year of holding 0% tax rate applies. Tax return must be filed by Slovenian tax resident 
(Individual) until 28th February for previous year. Slovenian tax residents are taxed based on 
the principle of worldwide income; any income - deriving from Slovenia or abroad - is subject 
to taxation. If withholding tax is paid abroad, the credit may not exceed the lower of the 
following: a) the tax actually paid on the foreign-source income (according to the tax treaty, if 
applicable); and b) the tax payable on such income in Slovenia which would apply in the 
absence of the credit relief. 
Taxation of interest 
Under the Slovenian tax laws currently in effect, the payment of interest on the debt securities 
(as defined in the Article 81 of the Slovenian Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini; 
ZDoh-2) in accordance with their terms and conditions to a resident individual (within the 
meaning of the relevant provisions of ZDoh-2) will generally be subject to tax at a flat rate of 
25%. (levied by way of withholding or by way of assessment), provided that these qualify as 
non-business assets. Income from a disposal or repurchase by the issuer of discounted debt 
securities (including non-coupon debt securities) shall also be considered as interest income (in 
accordance with the Article 88 of ZDoh-2). Tax return must be filed by Slovenian tax resident 
(Individual) until the 28th of February for previous year. 
Pursuant to the Article 54 of ZDoh-2 interest on Securities issued in series held by a resident 
individual as business assets will generally qualify as non-business income, in which case it 
would be subject to the flat rate of 25% as described above, instead of the progressive tax rate 
of up to 50%, which generally applies to business income. 
Taxation of dividends and capital gains 
Dividends and other profit distributions are taxed by way of a 25% final withholding tax.  
In general, individuals are subject to income tax on their capital gains if derived from the 
disposal of immovable property, shares and other participation rights, investment coupons etc. 
Taxable capital gains are generally taxed at a 25% final tax rate. After five years of holding, 
capital gains are taxed at a 20% final tax rate. The rate is later reduced by five percentage 
points per each five years of holding. Consequently, any gains are exempt after a 20 year-
holding. Capital gains derived from the alienation of financial derivatives are not taxed 
according to this rule but are taxed only as described previously under Taxation of financial 
derivatives. Tax return must be filed by Slovenian tax resident (Individual) until the 28th of 
February for previous year. 
Inheritance and gift taxation

--- Page 468 ---
468
Individuals and private law entities (within the meaning of the Article 3 of the Slovenian 
Inheritance and Gift Tax Act (Zakon o davku na dediščine in darila; ZDDD) are subject to 
Slovenian inheritance and gift tax in case of a transfer of the Securities mortis causa or inter 
vivos. The rate of such tax depends upon the value of the assets transferred and upon the 
relationship between the deceased/the donor on the one hand and the heir/the donee on the 
other hand. An exemption may apply in certain cases, such as to transfers between direct 
descendants and between spouses, as well as to a transfer of movable property the total value 
of which does not exceed EUR 5,000. 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax must be withheld at source and deducted from payments of interest, 
dividends, royalties, and other incomes if such taxable income is paid by local tax payer. In 
other cases, tax return must be filed by individual upon receipt of such income. 
EU Savings Directive 
EU Savings Directive has been incorporated in sub-chapter 10 of chapter 1 of part five of 
Slovenian Tax Procedure Act (Zakon o davčnem postopku; ZDavP-2) and has come into force 
on 1st July 2005. 
However, since then the Directive (EU) 2015/2060 repealing the EU Savings Directive has 
come into force and these provisions have been stricken and the directive has also been 
implemented in chapter II of part four of Slovenian Tax Procedure Act. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph below, headed EU Savings Directive. 
No gross-up for taxes withheld 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that neither the Issuer nor any other person will 
assume any liability for taxes withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any 
additional payments in regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply if a withholding tax is 
imposed. 
EU Financial Transaction Tax 
On the European Union level negotiations are underway in order to implement a harmonized 
financial transaction tax which might have a negative impact on the receipts deriving from the 
Securities. 
For further information about the EU Financial Transaction Tax please refer to paragraph 
“European Financial Transaction Tax” below. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Slovenia in connection 
with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net assets tax is not levied 
in Slovenia. 
2. Taxation of corporations 
Under the Slovenian tax laws currently in effect, the payment of interest on the Securities in 
accordance with their terms and conditions within the meaning of the relevant provisions of 
the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act (Zakon o davku od dohodkov pravnih oseb; ZDDPO-
2) received by (i) a legal person resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Slovenia; or by (ii)

--- Page 469 ---
469 
 
a permanent establishment (poslovna enota) in the Republic of Slovenia of a legal person not 
resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Slovenia, is considered as a part of the overall 
taxable income. The Corporate Income Tax is levied on the net profits, defined according to 
the profit and loss account, as stipulated by the law and the Accounting Standards. According 
to the Slovenian Act on Reconstruction, Development and the Provision of Financial 
Resources (Zakon o obnovi, razvoju in zagotavljanju finančnih sredstev; ZORZFS) the tax rate 
for years 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 is 22%. 
Taxation of dividends 
Dividends and income similar to dividends (with the exception of certain hidden reserves) are, 
pursuant to article 24 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, exempt from the tax base of 
a corporate shareholder, if the payer of dividends is: 
- 
liable for corporate income tax in accordance with the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax 
Act; or 
- 
for taxation purposes, a resident of an EU Member State in accordance with the law of 
that Member State, and is in accordance with a double taxation treaty concluded with a 
non-EU Member State not considered to reside outside of the EU, and is additionally 
liable for one of the taxes for which a common system of taxation is applicable to parent 
companies and affiliates from different EU Member States, as determined by the 
Slovenian Minister of Finance, where a company which is exempt from corporate income 
tax or that has the option of choosing its taxation is not considered to be liable for 
payment of corporate income tax; or 
- 
liable for the payment of corporate income or profit tax comparable to Slovenian 
corporate income tax and is not resident of a state, in case of a permanent establishment, it 
is not in a country or jurisdiction included in a special list of countries or jurisdictions. 
The above rules are applicable to non-resident recipients of dividends if their interest in the 
capital or in the management of the company paying the dividends is connected with business 
activities performed through an establishment in Slovenia. 
The above-described exemption from the tax base of a corporate holder of the notes is 
applicable under the condition that the current or past taxation period’s revenues have been 
included in the corporate holder’s tax base, on the basis of such income. 
In accordance with article 70 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, the payer must, at 
the time of dividend payment, withhold and pay withholding tax at the rate of 15%, unless the 
recipient is: the Republic of Slovenia or a self-governing local community in Slovenia; the 
Bank of Slovenia; a resident who notifies the payer of their tax number, or a non-resident 
liable for the payment of corporate income tax deriving from their activities in or through a 
permanent establishment in the Republic of Slovenia who notifies the payer of their tax 
number, if the dividends are payable to such permanent establishment. 
In accordance with article 70 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, the tax shall not be 
calculated, withdrawn and paid if the dividends are payable to: 
- 
a resident of an EU or an EEA Member State who is liable to pay income taxes in a 
foreign state (except for income paid to the permanent establishment of a non-resident in 
Slovenia), if such entity cannot claim the withholding tax in the state of its residence (as 
with, for example, the exemption of dividends from the tax base) and the transaction is not

--- Page 470 ---
470
considered to represent tax avoidance; or 
- 
foreign pension funds, investment funds and insurance companies providing pension 
plans, residents of the EU or EEA Members States (except for income paid to the 
permanent establishment of a non-resident in Slovenia), if such entity cannot claim the 
withholding tax in the state of their residence (if, for example, such funds or insurance 
companies are exempt from tax payment or are subject to a 0% tax rate). 
- 
exemptions determined in the previous two points do not refer to payments made to states 
with which the exchange of information is not assured (a list of such states is published by 
the Slovenian Minister of Finance).  
Pursuant to article 71 of the Slovenian Corporate Income Tax Act, tax shall not be withheld 
from payments of dividends and income similar to dividends if the entity authorised to receive 
a given payment is subject to the common system of taxation applied to parent companies and 
affiliate companies from different EU Member States, provided that: 
- 
the entity authorised to receive the payment holds at least 10% of the value or number of 
shares or interests in the share capital, nominal capital, or voting rights of the company 
paying the dividend; and 
- 
such minimum participation in the value or number of shares or interest in the share 
capital, nominal capital or voting rights, has been in effect for at least 24 months; and 
- 
the entity authorised to receive the payment is: a) a legal entity formed as an entity for 
which a common taxation system is used and which is applicable to parent companies and 
affiliates from different EU Member States, as determined by the Slovenian Minister of 
Finance; b) for taxation purposes, a resident of an EU Member State in accordance with 
the law of that Member State and is in accordance with a double taxation treaty concluded 
with a non-EU member state not considered to reside outside of the EU, and c) is liable for 
one of the taxes subject to the common system of taxation applicable to parent companies 
and affiliates from different EU Member States or, with respect to companies exempt from 
income tax or that may choose their taxation, is determined by the Slovenian Minister of 
Finance to be an entity subject to corporate income tax. 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax must be withheld at source and deducted from payments of interest, 
dividends, royalties, and some other payments if such payments have source in Slovenia and 
are paid abroad. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Slovenia in connection 
with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net assets tax is not levied 
in Slovenia. 
3. Financial Services Tax 
The subject of taxation according to Financial Services Tax Act (Zakon o davku na finančne 
storitve; ZDFS) are the following services: a) granting of credit or loans in monetary form and 
the intermediation in the conclusion of these transactions, as well as the management of credit 
or loans in monetary form, when these services are provided by the person who is granting the 
credit; b) issuing of credit guarantees or any other security for money and management of

--- Page 471 ---
471 
 
credit guarantees by the person who is granting the credit; c) transactions, including 
intermediation, concerning deposit and current or transaction accounts, payments, transfers, 
debts, cheques and other negotiable instruments; d) transactions, including intermediation, 
concerning currency, bank notes and coins used as legal tender; e) services provided by 
insurance brokers and agents.  
A taxable person shall be any person who provides the financial services in the territory of the 
Republic of Slovenia. It shall be deemed that above stated financial services have been 
provided in the territory of Slovenia if they were provided by a person who has established its 
business or has a fixed establishment from which such financial service is provided or has its 
usual or permanent place of residence in the territory of Slovenia. It shall be also deemed that a 
financial service has been provided in the territory of Slovenia if it is provided by a person 
who has established his business or has a place of establishment from which the service is 
provided or has or has his usual or permanent place of residence outside Slovenia, but may, in 
accordance with the existing legislation, provide the financial services in the territory of 
Slovenia directly to clients or recipients of services who have established their business or 
have a place of establishment or their usual or permanent place of residence in the territory of 
Slovenia. 
Applicable tax rate is 8.5% and is chargeable on the commission of a financial service. It shall 
be deemed that a financial service has been provided when a fee for the commission of the 
service has been paid. The above stated commission shall exclude interest payable by a 
customer of services to a taxable person for the provision of the agreed financial service when 
such interest does not constitute the payment of expenses by a taxable person for the service 
provided. 
14. 
EUROPEAN FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive 
(the Commission Proposal), for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
participating Member States)36. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
If the Commission's Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial 
institutions" (which could include the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which 
would include the conclusion or modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale 
of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to 
certain dealings in the Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at 
least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in 
a participating Member State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain 
transactions if it is adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Examples of such 
 
36 Several EU Member States (e.g. France, Italy and Spain) have already introduced national FTTs.

--- Page 472 ---
472
transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract in the context of the relevant Issuer's 
hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged assets) or the 
exercise/settlement of a warrant. The relevant Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass 
on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may result in investors 
receiving less than expected in respect of the Securities. It should also be noted that the FTT 
could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Securities 
(including secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and 
the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's Proposal. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is 
however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain 
money market instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Securityholders are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
15. 
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Based on the "OECD Common Reporting Standard (CRS)" states, which have committed 
themselves to apply the OECD Common reporting Standards ("Participating States"), 
exchange information with respect to financial accounts held by persons in another 
Participating State. The same applies to Member States of the European Union. Since 2017 the 
competent authorities of each EU member state automatically has to submit information on 
financial accounts and advance cross-border rulings of each person domiciled in the respective 
EU member state. 
Since 2018 the competent authorities of each EU member state automatically has to submit 
anti-money laundering information. Investors should obtain information and/or seek advice if 
required. 
16. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING  
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Securities are made 
may be required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, "foreign 
passthru payments" (a term not yet defined) made two years after the date of publication of 
final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment", or later. This 
withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Securities characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued after the "grandfathering date" which (A) with respect to 
Securities that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after 
the date on which final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment 
are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) with respect to Securities that give rise to a 
dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code as discussed below (and therefore 
do not give rise to foreign passthru payments), is the date that is six months after the date on 
which obligations of their type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, or in 
either case are issued on or before the grandfathering date and are materially modified 
thereafter, and (ii) any Securities characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for 
U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. If Securities are issued on or before the 
grandfathering date, and additional Securities of the same series are issued after that date, the 
additional Securities may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative

--- Page 473 ---
473 
 
consequences for the existing Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
While the Securities are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is not expected 
that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing systems. 
However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the 
subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or 
intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. FATCA 
also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution not entitled to 
receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to 
provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the 
payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose their custodians 
and intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or 
agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian 
or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer’s obligations 
under the Securities are discharged once it has paid the common depositary for the clearing 
systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Securities) and the Issuer has therefore no 
responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the hands of the clearing systems 
and custodians or intermediaries. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility 
that the Securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the 
clearing systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject 
to FATCA withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from 
payments on the Securities, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person 
would, pursuant to the conditions of the Securities, be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a result, investors may receive a lesser 
amount than expected. Holders of Securities should consult their own tax advisers for a more 
detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may apply to payments they receive under 
the Securities. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Securities, and investors 
in the Securities is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to "foreign passthru 
payments" on the Securities or to Securities issued or materially modified after the 
grandfathering date may be addressed in the relevant Final Terms or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, as applicable.  
On 10 January 2014, representatives of the Governments of Italy and the United States signed 
an intergovernmental agreement to implement FATCA in Italy (the "IGA"), which entered 
into force on 1st July 2014. The IGA ratification law entered into force on 8 July 2015. Under 
these rules, the Issuer, as a reporting financial institution, will be required to collect and report 
certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to the Italian tax authorities, 
which would automatically exchange such information periodically with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service. 
17. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code imposing a withholding tax on 
certain “dividend equivalents” under certain “equity linked instruments” exclude from their

--- Page 474 ---
474
scope instruments issued before calendar year 2021 that do not have a “delta of one” with 
respect to underlying securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes (each an “Underlying Security”). Subject to this pre-2021 exemption, Section 
871(m) of the Code will apply to a financial instrument (a "Specified Security") if it meets 
either (i) a "delta" test, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is 
a "complex" contract. Section 871(m) of the Code provides certain exceptions to this 
withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that 
meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, as well as instruments that 
track such indices. If the terms of a financial instrument issued before calendar year 2021 (that 
is exempt from withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code) are "significantly modified" 
sometime after calendar year 2020 such that the financial instrument is treated as retired and 
reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it will lose this exemption. Withholding in 
respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on a 
Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. 
holder of the Specified Security. If U.S. Underlying Equities are expected to pay dividends 
during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be required even if 
the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. If the 
Issuer or any other relevant withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither 
the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts so withheld. 
Section 871(m) of the Code is complex and its application may depend on your particular 
circumstances, including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to an 
Underlying Security. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application 
of Section 871(m) of the Code to the Securities. 
18. 
SWITZERLAND 
The following summary is an overview of certain aspects of taxes in Switzerland relating to 
the taxation of the Securities issued under the Programme and is included herein solely for 
information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. This summary is based upon the Swiss tax laws as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. Because 
this overview does not address all tax considerations under Swiss law and as the specific tax 
situation of an investor cannot be considered in this context, prospective investors are 
recommended to consult their personal tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership, sale or redemption of and the income derived from the Securities issued under the 
Programme including, in particular, the effect of tax laws of any other jurisdiction. 
On 3 October 2017, the Swiss Federal Tax Administration has issued updated Circular Letter 
No. 15 in relation to bonds and derivative financial instruments as subject of Swiss direct 
federal tax, Swiss withholding tax and Swiss stamp duties ("Circular Letter No. 15"). The 
Securities issued under the Programme will be taxed in accordance with this Circular Letter 
No. 15 and its appendices, as updated from time to time. Depending on the qualification of the 
relevant Security by the competent Swiss tax authorities the taxation of each Security may be 
different. 
(a) 
Federal, Cantonal and Communal Individual Income Tax and Corporate Income Tax 
Securities held by non-Swiss holder 
Holders of Securities who are not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes, and who during the 
respective taxation year, have not engaged in a trade or business carried out through a 
permanent establishment or a fixed place of business situated in Switzerland to which the

--- Page 475 ---
475 
 
Securities are attributable for tax purposes and who are not subject to income taxation in 
Switzerland for any other reason ("Non-Resident Securityholders") are in respect of the 
Securities not subject to any federal, cantonal and communal income tax, whether on interest 
(and/or discount and/or premium, if any) paid, on the payment of principal or on any gain 
realised on the sale or other disposition of the Securities. 
Securities held as private asset by a Swiss resident holder 
Individuals resident in Switzerland who hold their Securities as private assets ("Resident 
Private Securityholders") are required to include payments on such Securities, which are 
considered, from a Swiss taxation perspective, as investment income (dividends or interests or 
other income), in their personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be 
taxable on any net taxable income for such tax period. 
Gains or losses realised upon a sale or other disposition by Resident Private Securityholders 
qualifying as private capital gains or losses for Swiss tax purposes are generally not subject to 
income taxation or are not deductible from taxable income respectively. Capital gains may, 
however, be subject to income taxation, if a Security or a distinguishable part thereof qualifies 
as a bond where the predominant part of the annual yield is paid in a one-time payment 
(überwiegende Einmalverzinsung) or the Security is considered as not transparent for Swiss 
tax purposes. Losses arising from predominant one-time interest paying bonds may be 
deducted from gains from similar instruments in the same tax period. Furthermore, for low 
exercise price options (LEPO) with a maturity exceeding one year, the interest component is 
subject to income tax. 
Profits and option premiums from Securities, which are considered as pure derivatives for 
Swiss tax purposes (financial futures, options) are not subject to the income tax as such profits 
are in general considered as private capital gains provided the investor is holding the Securities 
as private assets. Possible losses are not tax-deductible. 
Income derived from a Security which is neither a private capital gain nor a repayment of 
paid-in capital (or face value in case of shares) is generally subject to income tax. This applies, 
inter alia, to any issuance discount, repayment premium, other guaranteed payments (besides 
repayment of capital) or any combination thereof. Payments received by an investor because 
of dividends, interest etc. of the underlying may be subject to income tax for such investor. 
This may apply likewise to payments or credits derived from underlying funds. 
Securities held as business asset by a Swiss resident holder 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold their Securities as part of a trade or business in 
Switzerland, which in the case of residents abroad, is carried out through a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland ("Domestic Commercial 
Securityholders"), are required to recognise the payments of interest and any gain realised on 
the sale, redemption or exercise of such Securities (including a gain relating to interest 
accrued) and any loss on such Securities in their income statement for the respective tax period 
and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such period. The same taxation treatment 
also applies to Swiss resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
"professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and leveraged 
investments in securities.

--- Page 476 ---
476
(b) 
Cantonal and Communal Wealth Tax and Capital Tax, Gift, Estate and Inheritance 
Tax  
Holders of Securities who are Non-Resident Securityholders are not subject to cantonal and 
communal wealth tax or capital tax. 
Holders of Securities who are Resident Private Securityholders or individuals that are 
Domestic Commercial Securityholders are required to report the Securities as part of their 
private wealth or as part of their Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and are subject to 
annual cantonal and/or communal wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the 
Securities); however, in the case of individuals that are Domestic Commercial Securityholders, 
only to the extent aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland. Corporate Domestic 
Commercial Securityholders are required to report the Securities as part of their assets in their 
financial statements and are subject to cantonal and communal capital tax on net taxable 
equity; however, in the case of a non-Swiss resident corporate Domestic Commercial 
Securityholders holding Securities as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, only to the 
extent aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No wealth tax and no capital tax 
are levied at federal level. 
The transfer of Securities may be subject to cantonal and/or communal gift, estate or 
inheritance taxes if the donor is, or the deceased was, resident for tax purposes in a Swiss 
canton levying such taxes. 
(c) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Securities by the non-Swiss issuer are currently not subject to 
withholding tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and effectively managed 
outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. If there was a deduction or withholding of 
withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of the Securities, the holders of the 
Securities would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction 
or withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
(d)  
Securities Transfer Tax 
Securities transfer tax (Umsatzabgabe) is levied on the transfer of ownership against 
consideration of certain taxable securities (which may include the Securities) if a securities 
dealer in Switzerland or Liechtenstein, as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act 
(Bundesgesetz über die Stempelabgaben), is a party or acts as an intermediary to the 
transaction and no exemption applies. Hence, secondary market transactions in the Securities 
may be subject to securities transfer tax at a rate of up to 0.3%, calculated on the purchase 
price or sales proceeds. Also, the physical delivery of the underlying upon settlement (future) 
or exercise (option) is generally subject to securities transfer tax, if the underlying itself 
qualifies as taxable security for Swiss stamp duty purposes.  
However, those Securities which classify as pure derivatives for Swiss stamp duty purposes do 
generally not qualify as taxable securities and are thus not subject to securities transfer tax. 
This excludes those Securities which, due to specific features, are considered debt financing 
instruments (bonds or money market securities), share-like or fund-like products, as well as 
Low Exercise Price Options (LEPO) on shares (with a maturity exceeding one year) for Swiss 
stamp duty purposes.  
(e)  
Automatic Exchange of Information  
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement

--- Page 477 ---
477 
 
(the "MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe 
administrative assistance convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of 
Automatic Exchange of Information (the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the "AEOI Act") entered into force on 
1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard 
in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral 
agreements. The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed 
reciprocity, compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may 
only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data 
protection. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and 
becoming effective, including the dates of commencement of data collection and data 
exchange, can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for International Financial 
Matters SIF <www.sif.admin.ch>. 
Based on such bilateral or multilateral agreements, as the case may be, and the implementation 
of Swiss law, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including 
the Securities, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a 
paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in a European Union 
member state or in a treaty state.

--- Page 478 ---
478
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
The Securities will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Manager at the time of the relevant Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the 
remuneration applicable to the Securities and prevailing market conditions at that time. 
Securities to be offered pursuant to an Offer in the primary market or in the secondary market 
will be subscribed or purchased by the investors at the Offer Price. 
In case of an Offer in the primary market, the Offer Price of the Securities will be the Issue 
Price or such other price as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In case of an Offer in the secondary market, the Offer Price will be equal to the market price of 
the Securities applicable from time to time, in addition to any costs and commissions payable 
to the relevant Authorised Offeror (if applicable) and the purchase and settlement of the 
Securities will be made in accordance with the rules of the relevant trading venue. 
Restrictions on Offers of Securities in Relevant Member States where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  
Certain Tranches of Securities may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is 
referred to as a Non-exempt Offer. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that 
permits Non-exempt Offer of Securities. However, any person making or intending to make a 
Non-exempt Offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area where 
the Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each, a "Relevant Member State") may only do so if 
this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that, in case of a subsequent resale of the Securities, the 
Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as 
provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Retail Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person 
making the offer of such Securities.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such Offer.  
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities, the Issuer has requested or may request 
the Central Bank of Ireland to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the passporting of the Base 
Prospectus to the competent authorities of Austria, Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, 
Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia and Slovenia (the "Host Member States"). 
Even though the Issuer has elected (or will elect) to passport this Base Prospectus into the Host 
Member States, it does not mean that it will choose to make any Non-exempt Offer in the Host 
Member States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Securities to see 
whether the Issuer has elected to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities either in Ireland or in 
a Host Member State (each a " Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction"). 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail 
Cascades)

--- Page 479 ---
479 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given 
consent referred to herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") to whom an offer of any Securities is made by any financial intermediary to whom 
the Issuer has given its consent to use this Base Prospectus (such financial intermediary, an 
"Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is 
given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, the Issuer does not have any responsibility for 
any of the actions of an Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below.  
None of the Issuer or any Manager makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable 
regulatory or Securities law requirements in relation to any Offer and none of the Issuer or any 
Manager has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer and any Manager has authorised the making 
of any Offer by any offeror nor have they consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
any other person in connection with any Offer of Securities. Any Offer made without the 
consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer or any Manager accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised 
offer. If, in the context of an Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not 
an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is 
responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in the context of the Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any 
doubt about whether they can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents they should take legal advice.  
Consent  
The consent referred to relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of 
approval of this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below 
under "Common Conditions to Consent":  
(1) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with an Offer of such Securities during the 
relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable Final Terms by the relevant Manager and 
by:  
(a) any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b)  any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and whose name is published on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.intesasanpaolo.com/) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Offer; and  
(2) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Issuer consents to 
the use of the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries, the Issuer hereby offers to 
grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with an Offer of Securities during the relevant Offer 
Period stated in the applicable Final Terms by any financial intermediary which

--- Page 480 ---
480
satisfies the "Specific Conditions to Consent" set out below.  
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the 
relevant Offer are (in addition to the conditions described under "Specific Conditions to 
Consent" below if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable") that such consent:  
(i) 
is only valid with reference to Offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus;  
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities in one or more of Ireland, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, 
Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia and Slovenia, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.  
Each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of an Offer in the 
Relevant Member State(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such Offer.  
Specific Conditions to Consent  
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are that:  
(i)  
the financial intermediary must be authorised to make such offers under the applicable 
legislation implementing the MiFID II in the Relevant Member State;  
(ii)  
the financial intermediary accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this 
Base Prospectus by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the "Securities") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the 
"Final Terms") published by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the "Issuer"). We hereby 
accept the offer by the Issuer of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Securities (the 
"Offer") in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as defined and specified 
in the Base Prospectus) and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as 
specified in the Base Prospectus, we confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II 
to make, and we are using the Base Prospectus in connection with the Offer 
accordingly".  
The Authorised Offeror Terms, being the terms to which the relevant financial 
intermediary agrees in connection with using the Base Prospectus, are that the financial 
intermediary:  
(1) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and 
the relevant Manager that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Offer:  
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each

--- Page 481 ---
481 
 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in 
the Securities by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor, and will 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Manager if at any time such 
financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation 
of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply 
with such Rules in all respects;  
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Offering and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Manager;  
(c) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received 
or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the 
Securities does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is 
fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors;  
(d) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Securities under the 
applicable laws and regulations of the Relevant Member State;  
(e) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
"know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, 
in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each 
potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Securities by the Investor), 
and will not permit any application for Securities in circumstances where the 
financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies;  
(f) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to 
the Issuer and the relevant Manager or directly to the appropriate authority with 
jurisdiction over any Manager in order to enable the Issuer or any Manager to 
comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules applying to the Issuer or any Manager;  
(g) 
ensure that no holder of Securities or potential Investor in the Securities shall 
become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Manager for the 
purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any 
client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising;  
(h) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Manager in providing such 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records maintained 
pursuant to paragraph (f) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager as is available to such financial intermediary or which is within 
its power and control from time to time, together with such further assistance as 
is reasonably requested by the Issuer or the relevant Manager:  
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation 
to the Securities, the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and/or  
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Manager relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Manager or 
another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as 
defined in rules published by any regulator of competent jurisdiction from

--- Page 482 ---
482
time to time; and/or  
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Manager may reasonably require from 
time to time in relation to the Securities and/or as to allow the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements,  
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any 
time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process;  
(i) 
(i) not sell the Securities at any price other than the Offer Price; (ii) in case of 
Offers in the primary market, not sell the Securities otherwise than for settlement 
on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-
distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Manager); (iv) not pay 
any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in 
relation to the offering or sale of the Securities (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Manager); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be 
reasonably required and specified by the relevant Manager; 
(j) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Securities, or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) 
makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory 
clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to 
making any order for the Securities on their behalf, and in each case maintain the 
same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules;  
(k) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Manager to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Manager to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction;  
(l) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common conditions 
to consent" above and any further requirements relevant to the Offer as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(m) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Securities the Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such 
purpose and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or 
entirely consistent with the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; and  
(n) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or 
any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the 
Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Offer) in connection with the relevant 
Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not 
misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial 
intermediary has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that 
such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and 
that none of the Issuer and the relevant Manager accept any responsibility for 
such communication and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the 
Issuer or the relevant Manager (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of 
the Issuer or the relevant Manager or any other name, brand or logo registered by 
an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the 
relevant Securities on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 483 ---
483 
 
(2) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Manager (in 
each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, 
agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and 
any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any 
such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made 
against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of 
any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such 
financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such 
financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the 
above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any 
unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not 
been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Manager; and  
(3)  
agrees and accepts that:  
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law;  
(b) 
subject to (d) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
"Dispute") and the Issuer and financial intermediary submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts;  
(c) 
for the purposes of (b) above and (d) below, the financial intermediary waives 
any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute;  
(d) 
to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer and the Manager may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and  
(e) 
each relevant Manager will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror 
Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for its benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the 
financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms.  
Any financial intermediary who meets all of the conditions set out in "Specific Conditions 
to Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" above who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with an Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) specified at paragraph 
(ii) under "Specific Conditions to Consent" above.  
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS  
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN 
AN OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED

--- Page 484 ---
484
OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION 
TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL 
NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL 
NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL 
BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH 
OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER AND ANY MANAGER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH 
MANAGER 
IS 
THE 
RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) 
HAS 
ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 485 ---
485 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland, in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation, to approve this document as a base prospectus. The Central 
Bank of Ireland assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial opportuneness of the 
transactions set out under this Programme or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application 
has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued under the Programme (i) to be listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin; and (ii) to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market and the GEM. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. The GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Securities may be issued under the Programme which are not listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on the Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or market or trading venue, or 
Securities may be issued which are listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other stock exchange or markets or trading venues as the Issuer may specify in the applicable 
Final Terms. After the Issue Date, application may be made to list the Securities on other stock 
exchanges or regulated markets or to admit to trading on other trading venues as the Issuer 
may decide. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 16 June 2020. For the issue of any Series of Securities under the 
Programme no separate resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is necessary. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amounts of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and any Manager(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under "Description of the Issuer – Legal 
Proceedings", none of the Issuer or any member of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 
months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Intesa Sanpaolo Group's financial 
position or profitability and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such litigation, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Independent Auditors 
On 30 April 2019, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Intesa Sanpaolo appointed EY S.p.A. 
as independent auditors for the financial years 2021-2029. EY S.p.A. is an independent public 
accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro 
Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 
2012. EY S.p.A. is also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori 
Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via 
Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. EY S.p.A. audited, in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), the consolidated financial statements of the Intesa

--- Page 486 ---
486
Sanpaolo Group, as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, as stated in the 
English translation of their audit reports incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Further, EY S.p.A. reviewed, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation No.10867 of 31 July 
1997, the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, as stated in the 
English translation of their review reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Trend information / No Material Change / No Significant Change 
Since (i) 31 December 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer, (ii) 30 September 2024, there has been no significant change in the financial performance 
of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group and (iii) 30 September 2024, there has been no significant change 
in the financial position of the Issuer and of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
Material contracts 
None of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Intesa Sanpaolo's other subsidiaries has entered into any 
contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may 
reasonably be expected to be material to the Issuer' ability to meet its obligations to 
Securityholders. 
Documents available for inspection 
In addition to the availability of the Base Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference 
therein in electronic form as set out below, for so long as the Programme remains valid with 
Euronext Dublin or any Securities shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, the 
following documents (translated into English, where applicable) may be obtained by the public 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Irish Listing Agent and at the 
registered offices of the Issuer, namely: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements to this Base Prospectus (together with any 
prospectuses published in connection with any future updates in respect of the Base 
Prospectus) and any other information incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(b) 
a certified copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Securities which are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Securityholders and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Listing Agent as to its holding of Securities and identity);  
(e) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme; 
and 
(f) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on each 
such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or 
on behalf of Intesa Sanpaolo in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of 
Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time

--- Page 487 ---
487 
 
published by Intesa Sanpaolo, will be available in the investor relations section on the 
website of Intesa Sanpaolo. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party opinion or public reporting are 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final 
Terms relating to the Securities which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Euronext Dublin's 
website 
(https://www.euronext.com), 
and 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to 
the 
Securities 
will 
remain 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(www.prodottiequotazioni.intesasanpaolo.com) for at least 10 years after their publication.   
Copy of the constitutive documents of Intesa Sanpaolo are available on the following website: 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/en/governance/company-documents/2022.   
The information on the abovementioned websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless information contained therein is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financial statements available 
In addition to the availability of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus in electronic form as set out above, for so long as the Programme remains in effect 
or any Securities shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of 
the following documents may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office 
of the Irish Listing Agent and at the registered offices of the Issuer: 
a) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group as 
at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022; 
b) the unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial statements of the Intesa 
Sanpaolo Group as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023; 
c) the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2024; 
d) the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of 
Intesa Sanpaolo published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), 
commencing with its unaudited condensed consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024; and 
e) the most recent annual or unaudited interim consolidated financial information of 
Intesa Sanpaolo published from time to time (whether audited or unaudited), 
commencing with its unaudited consolidated interim financial statements as at and for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2024, 
in each case, together with the accompanying notes and any auditors' report. 
Post-issuance information

--- Page 488 ---
488
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information except to the extent 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Clearing Systems 
Securities to be represented by a Global Security have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The common code or any other security 
identification code, and ISIN for each issue of Securities allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities will be accepted for clearance in Monte Titoli. Italian 
Dematerialised Securities will be in bearer form (al portatore) and held in dematerialised form 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli 
(with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, 
Italy). 
If the Securities of any series are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
LEI Code 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI") 
Code 
of 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
is 
2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08. 
Declaration of the officer responsible for preparing Intesa Sanpaolo's financial reports  
The officer responsible for preparing the company's financial reports, Elisabetta Stegher, 
declares, pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance 
(Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time) that the accounting information contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to Intesa 
Sanpaolo's documentary results, books and accounting records. 
Use of the Base Prospectus - Consent 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer’s consent, to the extent 
and under the conditions specified in this Base Prospectus and any additional condition 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus as long as the Base 
Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation and accept 
responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale of 
the Securities by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (specific consent) 
specified financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period (within the period of 
validity of the Base Prospectus), as stated in the Final Terms, in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, 
France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia and Slovenia (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) as member states in which the Base Prospectus has been passported 
and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each financial intermediary complying with the terms 
and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this

--- Page 489 ---
489 
 
Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each financial intermediary and/or each person into whose possession this Base Prospectus, 
any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the 
right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain and/or 
each financial intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made, such financial intermediary will provide information to 
investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all 
financial intermediaries (general consent), any financial intermediary using the Base 
Prospectus is required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more 
specified financial intermediaries (specific consent), any new information with respect to 
financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the filing of the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Issuer (www.intesasanpaolo.com).

--- Page 490 ---
490
THE ISSUER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
PRINCIPAL SECURITY AGENT, REGISTRAR AND IRISH LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo, 156  
10121 Turin  
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English law and Italian law 
DLA Piper Studio Legale Tributario Associato 
Via Po 14/A 
00198 Rome 
Italy