--- Page 1 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- i- 
70-40754199 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
INVESTEC BANK LIMITED 
(incorporated with limited liability in South Africa with registration number 1969/004763/06) 
 
U.S.$1,500,000,000 
 
Note Issuance Programme 
Under this U.S.$1,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme (the "Programme"), Investec Bank Limited (the 
"Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below), including Notes that are linked to the performance or movement of 
one or more underlying assets (each an "Underlying"), being (i) a single share (which may be a share in an 
exchange traded fund (an "ETF" share)) or a basket of shares (which may be a basket of ETF shares) (such Notes 
being "Equity Linked Notes"), (ii) a single index or a basket of indices (such Notes being "Index Linked Notes"), 
(iii) a single fund interest or a basket of fund interests (such Notes being the "Fund Linked Notes"), (iv) multiple 
underlyings, being any combination of single shares, single indices, single fund interests, baskets of indices, 
baskets of shares and baskets of fund interests (such Notes being the "Multi Underlying Linked Notes"), (v) a 
specified inflation-linked index (such Notes being "Inflation Linked Notes"), (vi) two separate underlyings, a 
specified inflation-linked index and any one of a single share, a single index, a single fund interest, a basket of 
indices, a basket of shares or a basket of fund interests (such Notes being "Combined Underlying Linked Notes") 
and/or (vii) credit of one or more financial institutions, corporations and/or sovereign entities ("Credit Linked 
Notes"). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed U.S.$1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description 
of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
(each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Notes issued under this Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (the "Senior Notes"), or (ii) Notes 
which are subordinated to the Senior Notes (the "Subordinated Notes"), or (iii) Notes which are subordinated 
Notes with terms capable of qualifying the proceeds of such Notes as Regulatory Capital (as defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and comprise either additional tier 1 capital of the Issuer ("Additional Tier 1 
Notes") or tier 2 capital of the Issuer ("Tier 2 Notes" and together with the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the 
"Subordinated Capital Notes").   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the prior written approval of (i) the Financial Surveillance Department of 
the South African Reserve Bank (the "FSD") and (ii) in respect of Notes the proceeds of which are intended to 
qualify as Regulatory Capital, the South African Prudential Authority (the "Prudential Authority"), is required 
for the issuance of each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. The prior approval of the Prudential 
Authority is not required for the issuance of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (other than Subordinated Capital 
Notes). 
Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to retail clients in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom ("UK"), as defined in the rules set out in the Product 
Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, other than in circumstances that do not and will not give rise to a contravention of 
those rules by any person. Prospective investors are referred to "Restrictions on Marketing and Sales to Retail 
Investors" on pages 3-4 of this Base Prospectus for further information.

--- Page 2 ---
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within 
twelve months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or other 
regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list 
(the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not application has been made for such Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin  and 
to be admitted to trading on its regulated market or other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base 
Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer 
shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.   
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other information which completes the terms and conditions which are applicable to each Tranche 
(as defined under "General Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the final terms (the 
"Final Terms") for each Tranche of Notes. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee (as defined herein) that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus, in which event a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
NO NOTE MAY BE (A) SUBSCRIBED FOR, OR PURCHASED, BY A RESIDENT (AS DEFINED IN 
"SOUTH AFRICAN EXCHANGE CONTROL REGULATIONS"), OR (B) SOLD TO A RESIDENT, OR (C) 
BENEFICIALLY HELD, OR OWNED, BY A RESIDENT; OTHER THAN IN STRICT COMPLIANCE 
WITH THE SOUTH AFRICAN EXCHANGE CONTROL REGULATIONS IN EFFECT FROM TIME 
TO TIME.  See "South African Exchange Control Regulations" for further details. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Investec Bank Limited 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 December 2020

--- Page 3 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 1- 
70-40754199 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee have independently verified the information contained herein.  
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Dealers (other than Investec Bank Limited) or the Trustee as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer (other than Investec 
Bank Limited) or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers 
and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.  
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S.  See "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain

--- Page 4 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 2- 
70-40754199 
 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom), Japan, Australia and the Republic of South 
Africa, see "Subscription and Sale". 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" refer to United States dollars, 
references to "R", "ZAR" and "Rand" refer to South African rand (or such other lawful currency of South 
Africa from time to time), references to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, references to 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998, as 
amended and references to "AUD" are to Australian dollars.  
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), or (2) issued 
by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK but will be endorsed by a CRA 
which is established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to ratings issued by "Moody's" are to credit ratings issued by Moody's 
Investors Service Cyprus Ltd, references to ratings issued by "S&P" are to credit ratings issued by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, references to ratings issued by "Fitch" are to credit ratings issued by Fitch 
Ratings Limited.  Each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies may be accessed at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. As at the date of this Base Prospectus 
the Issuer's long term senior unsecured foreign currency ratings are: Fitch BB; Moodys' Ba1 and S&P BB-. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission or any other regulatory authority in Australia and is not a 'prospectus' or other 'disclosure 
document' for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia (the "Corporations Act").

--- Page 5 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 3- 
70-40754199 
 
BANKING EXEMPTION NO. 1 OF 2018 
The Issuer is not a bank nor an authorised deposit-taking institution which is authorised under the Banking 
Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the "Australian Banking Act") nor is it authorised to carry on banking 
business under the Australian Banking Act. The Notes are not obligations of any government and, in 
particular, are not guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia. The Issuer is not supervised by the 
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Notes that are offered for issue or sale or transferred in, or into, 
Australia are offered only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 
or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act and issued and transferred in compliance with the terms of the exemption 
from compliance with section 66 of the Australian Banking Act that is available to the Issuer. Such Notes 
are issued or transferred in, or into, Australia in parcels of not less than AUD 500,000 in aggregate principal 
amount. An investment in any Notes issued by the Issuer will not be covered by the depositor protection 
provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act and will not entitle Notes to claim under the 
financial claims scheme under Division 2AA of the Australian Banking Act. 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" within the 
meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor 
or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations 
Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled to receive 
this Base Prospectus and anyone who receives this Base Prospectus must not distribute it to any person who 
is not entitled to receive it. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes discussed in this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and 
are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory 
authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale 
of securities such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes to retail investors. 
In particular, in June 2015, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") published the 
Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 
2015 (the "PI Instrument"). In addition: (i) on 1 January 2018, the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged and retail and insurance-based investment 
products (as amended) (the "PRIIPs Regulation") became directly applicable in all European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") member states (including, for these purposes, the United Kingdom 
("UK")); and (ii) the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II") was required to be implemented in EEA member states (including, for these purposes, the UK) 
by 3 January 2018. Together, the PI Instrument, the PRIIPs Regulation and MiFID II are referred 
to as the "Regulations". 
The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to: (i) the manufacture and distribution of 
financial instruments; and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-
based investment products and certain contingent write down or convertible securities, such as the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Potential investors in any Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, 
regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of such Notes (or any beneficial interests 
therein) including the Regulations. 
Certain of the Dealers may be required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. By purchasing, 
or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or a beneficial interest in 
such Additional Tier 1 Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers each prospective investor 
represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
1. 
it is not a retail client in the EEA or in the UK (as defined in MiFID II); 
2. 
whether or not it is subject to the Regulations, it will not 
a. 
sell or offer the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail 
clients in the EEA or in the UK; or

--- Page 6 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 4- 
70-40754199 
 
b. 
communicate (including the distribution of this Base Prospectus) or approve an 
invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Additional Tier 
1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is 
addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail 
client in the EEA or in the UK (in each case within the meaning of MiFID II), 
and in selling or offering the Additional Tier 1 Notes, or making or approving 
communications relating to the Additional Tier 1 Notes, prospective investors may not rely 
on the limited exemptions set out in the PI Instrument; and 
3. 
it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance 
(whether inside or outside the EEA or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, 
distribution and/or sale of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), 
including (without limitation) any such laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating 
to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Additional Tier 
1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) by investors in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Each prospective investor further acknowledges that:  
1. 
the identified target market for the Additional Tier 1 Notes (for the purposes of the product 
governance obligations in MiFID II) is eligible counterparties and professional clients; and 
2. 
no key information document (KID) under the PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Additional Tier 1 Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK.  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more benchmarks. The Final 
Terms for each Series of Notes will indicate whether or not any benchmarks are used, and if so, whether 
the relevant administrator for the benchmark appears or does not appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks  established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the "BMR" 
or "Benchmarks Regulation") (the "Register").

--- Page 7 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 5- 
70-40754199 
 
In relation to any benchmark identified in the Final Terms as being provided by an administrator that does 
not appear on the register, the Final Terms will further specify whether, as far as the Issuer is aware, such 
administrator does or does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation or 
whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the relevant administrator is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
DISCLAIMERS RELATING TO INDICES 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any index to which they are linked or any 
sponsor of such index and such index sponsor has made no representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any index and/or the levels at which such 
index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No index sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in any index and an index sponsor is under 
no obligation to advise any person of any error within an index. No index sponsor has made any 
representations whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming 
any risk in connection with the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall have any liability 
to any person for any act or failure to act by an index sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment 
or maintenance of an index. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Calculation Agent has any affiliation with or control over any index 
or index sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of any index. Without 
prejudice to the Issuer's responsibility statement (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) for third party 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, although the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning an index to which the Notes are linked from publicly available sources they believe 
to be reliable, they will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, an investor in the Notes 
will have no recourse against the sponsor of any index comprising the Underlying (or, in respect of Multi 
Underlying Linked Notes or the Combined Underlying Linked Notes, any of the Underlyings), the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Calculation Agent in relation to any event or facts relating to the index resulting in a 
decrease in the value of such index and/or the value of the Notes and/or a loss in the investment. 
Information risk 
The share(s) constituting the Underlying (i.e. where the Underlying is a share or basket of shares) or a 
component of the Underlying (i.e. where the Underlying is an index or basket of indices) are listed on a 
regulated exchange. Accordingly, information is available in the public domain regarding the company(ies) 
whose shares comprise the Underlying. In addition, where the Underlying is an index or basket of indices, 
information is available in the public domain regarding the Underlying itself. The Final Terms for each 
issue of Notes will also provide an indication of where information about the past and the ongoing 
performance of the Underlying (or components thereof) can be obtained. However the Issuer has made no 
investigation regarding such company(ies) and this Base Prospectus contains no information regarding such 
company(ies) except for such information which will be included in the Final Terms. 
In addition, no company whose shares constitute or comprise the Underlying, nor any sponsor of any index 
constituting or comprising the Underlying, has participated in the preparation of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that all material events regarding the Underlying 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date of the Notes that would affect the level, price or value (as 
applicable) of such Underlying have been disclosed in this Base Prospectus. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the failure to disclose material events concerning the Underlying could affect the trading 
price and final redemption amount payable on the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should obtain and evaluate information concerning the Underlying or 
the components of the Underlying as they would if they were investing directly in the Underlying and/or 
the components of the Underlying. However, this information is not relevant to enable investors to make 
an informed assessment of the rights attaching to the Notes. 
In addition, prospective investors should understand that the historical performance of the Underlying or 
any component of the Underlying is not predictive of future results.

--- Page 8 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 6- 
70-40754199 
 
Conditions 
In this Base Prospectus, "Conditions" means the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition to these Condition, certain terms (including a set of redemption provisions) relating (as 
applicable) to Equity Linked Notes (as set out in Part A of this Base Prospectus), Index Linked Notes (as 
set out in Part A of this Base Prospectus), Fund Linked Notes (as set out in Part A of this Base Prospectus), 
Multi Underlying Linked Notes (as set out in Part A of this Base Prospectus), Inflation Linked Notes (as 
set out in Part B of this Base Prospectus) and Combined Underlying Linked Notes (as set out in Part C of 
this Base Prospectus), will apply to the Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. In this Base 
Prospectus, "Terms" means the Terms for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked 
Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes, the Terms for Inflation Linked Notes or the Terms for Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes as applicable. 
Further, in addition to the Conditions and any Terms applicable to the Notes, certain further additional 
terms relating to Credit Linked Notes (as set out in Part D of this Base Prospectus) will apply to the Notes 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. In this Base Prospectus, "Additional Terms" means, the 
Additional Terms for Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 7- 
70-40754199 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 55 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 62 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 64 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 67 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................. 124 
PART A – TERMS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES / INDEX LINKED NOTES / FUND LINKED 
NOTES / MULTI UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES ............................................................................. 190 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE EQUITY LINKED NOTES/INDEX LINKED 
NOTES/FUND LINKED NOTES/MULTI UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES ................................. 190 
TERMS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES/INDEX LINKED NOTES/FUND LINKED NOTES/MULTI 
UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES ...................................................................................................... 251 
PART B – INFLATION LINKED NOTES ............................................................................................. 287 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF INFLATION LINKED NOTES ........................... 287 
TERMS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES .................................................................................... 291 
PART C – COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES .................................................................. 298 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 298 
TERMS FOR COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES ......................................................... 305 
PART D – ADDITIONAL TERMS OF THE CREDIT LINKED NOTES ............................................. 308 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 333 
DESCRIPTION OF INVESTEC BANK LIMITED ................................................................................ 334 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 343 
SOUTH AFRICAN EXCHANGE CONTROL REGULATIONS ........................................................... 348 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 349 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 353

--- Page 10 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 8 - 
70-40754199 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer 
is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, including information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, to reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. The information given below is as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to risks arising from general macro-economic conditions in the countries in which 
it operates, including in particular Southern Africa, as well as global economic conditions 
In recent years, economic conditions in the countries in which the Issuer operates have been negatively 
impacted by a number of global macroeconomic trends, including ongoing concerns surrounding the 
significant sovereign debts and fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe, a weakening of the Chinese 
economy, the potential exit of member states from the European Monetary Union and a decline in global 
commodity prices such as crude oil. The effects of these events have been felt in the global economy and 
by financial institutions in particular, and have placed strains on funding markets at times when many 
financial institutions had material funding needs. Any further adverse developments in the global economy 
and in particular the South African economy could have an adverse impact on its business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Revenues from the Specialist Banking1 business are also sensitive to market volatility. Deterioration in the 
financial markets and general economic activity has in the past affected, and will continue to affect, levels 
of private client activity. The Issuer's investment banking and corporate banking income is directly related 
to the number and size of the transactions in which the Issuer participates and general corporate and 
institutional activity. Accordingly, any reduction in the number and/or size of such transactions and a 
slowdown in corporate activity, whether occasioned by market volatility or otherwise, will adversely affect 
its results of operations. Moreover, some of the Specialist Banking income is derived from direct or 
principal investments or from the management of private equity portfolios. This income is dependent upon 
the performance of the underlying investments and the ability to realise value upon exit from the 
investments and, as such, revenues, returns and profitability may fluctuate, impacting the Issuer's results of 
operations. As a result of the foregoing factors, market volatility may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer also maintains trading and investment positions in various financial and other assets, including 
equity, fixed income, currency and related derivative instruments and real estate. At any point in time these 
positions could be either long positions, such that the Issuer will benefit from upward movements in the 
market prices of these assets, or short positions, such that it will benefit from downward movements in the 
market prices of these assets. Fluctuations in the value of equities, fixed income, currency and related 
derivative instruments and real estate, either absolutely or relative to other asset classes, could also 
adversely affect investor sentiment. These financial markets are sometimes subject to significant stress 
conditions where steep falls in perceived or actual asset values are accompanied by severe reductions in 
market liquidity. In dislocated markets, hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as 
effective as they are in normal market conditions. Market instability of this nature could result in the Issuer 
incurring losses. 
 
1 Investec Specialist Bank or Specialist Banking, a division of Investec Bank Limited

--- Page 11 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 9 - 
70-40754199 
 
The Issuer faces risk associated with COVID-19 
Pandemics and widespread public health crises (including the recent Coronavirus Disease 2019 (also known 
as "COVID-19") outbreak, the impact of which will depend on future developments which are highly 
unpredictable and uncertain) may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, disruptions to 
commerce and reduced economic activity which could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's 
results or operations, reputation and financial condition. 
There is currently unprecedented uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the depth 
of the potential downturn in activity, the duration of restrictive measures and the lockdown exit plans within 
the geographies in which the Issuer operates. At the present time it is difficult to predict the full impact that 
the pandemic will have on the group. The board and management will continue to meet regularly, on a 
virtual basis, to ensure that all aspects of the challenges posed by COVID-19 are given full attention. 
An immediate financial impact of the outbreak is an increase in expected credit losses ("ECL") driven by 
a change in the forward-looking economic scenarios used to calculate ECL. The outbreak has led to a 
weakening in gross domestic product and an increase in unemployment, both key inputs for calculating 
ECL. The impact of the outbreak on the long-term prospects of businesses is uncertain and may lead to 
significant ECL charges on certain exposures. There have been enhanced governance and additional 
oversight on areas that have been most exposed to the pandemic to date. 
The South African government and the South African Reserve Bank have put in place significant initiatives 
to support funding and liquidity. The Prudential Authority introduced additional term repo facilities for the 
banks to access and reduced the LCR regulatory minimum until such time as the Prudential Authority is of 
the view that financial markets have normalised. In addition, there has been temporary relaxation of the 
Pillar 2A buffer and permission to utilise the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the Domestically-
Systemic Important Bank (D-SIB) buffer, subject to prior approval from the Prudential Authority. The 
Prudential Authority intends to phase in or reinstate the Pillar 2A buffer post the COVID-19 stress period. 
Should the COVID-19 outbreak continue to cause disruption to economic activity, there could be further 
adverse impacts on the Issuer's income due to lower lending and transaction volumes. In addition, lower 
interest rates would adversely impact net interest income.  
Moreover, the Issuer has financial instruments which are carried at fair value, and such fair values may be 
impacted by the market volatility resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. This would in turn affect the 
market value of such instruments and result in markdowns on such instruments and an increase in the size 
of fair value adjustments. 
There remain significant uncertainties in assessing the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and its impact. 
Any and all such events mentioned above (including, without limitation, a prolonged period of significantly 
reduced economic activity as a result of the impact of the outbreak) could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, liquidity, capital position and 
credit ratings, as well as on the Issuer's employees, clients and communities.   
The Issuer faces risks associated with interest rate levels and volatility 
Interest rates, which are impacted by factors outside of the Issuer's control, including the fiscal and 
monetary policies of the South African government and central bank, as well as South African and 
international political and economic conditions, affect the Issuer's results of operations, profitability and 
return on capital in three principal areas: margins and income, cost and availability of funding, and 
impairment levels.  
Recently, South Africa has experienced a reduction in interest rates to the lowest levels in recent history on 
the back of the COVID-19 pandemic. Sustained low interest rates may result in relatively low spreads being 
realised by the Issuer between the rate it pays on customer deposits and the rate received on loans, reducing 
the Issuer's net interest income and net interest margin. In addition, low interest rates may also reduce 
incentives for consumers to save and, therefore, could reduce the Issuer's customer deposits, its principal 
source of funding. The Issuer's business and financial performance and net interest income and margin may 
be adversely affected should the low interest rate environment continue. 
Increases in interest rates could also adversely affect the Issuer. In an increasing interest rate environment, 
the Issuer may be more exposed to re-pricing of its liabilities than competitors with higher levels of term

--- Page 12 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 10 - 
70-40754199 
 
deposits. In the event of sudden large or frequent increases in interest rates, the Issuer also may not be able 
to re-price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short 
term, which, in turn, could negatively affect its net interest margin and income. 
Changes in interest rates could also impact the Issuer's impairment loss levels and customer affordability. 
A rise in interest rates, without sufficient improvement in customer earnings or employment levels, could, 
for example, lead to an increase in default rates among customers with variable rate loans who can no longer 
afford their repayments, in turn leading to increased impairment charges and lower profitability for the 
Issuer. A high interest rate environment also reduces demand for loan products generally, as individuals are 
less likely or less able to borrow when interest rates are high. In addition, there is a risk that a sudden rise 
in interest rates, or an expectation thereof, could encourage significant demand for fixed rate products. High 
levels of movement between products in a concentrated time period could put considerable strain on the 
Issuer's business and operational capability, and it may not be willing or able to price its fixed rate products 
as competitively as others in the market. This could lead to high levels of customer attrition and, 
consequently, a negative impact on the Issuer's profitability. 
If the Issuer is unable to manage its exposure to interest rate volatility, whether through hedging, product 
pricing or by other means, its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be 
materially adversely affected. 
Operational risks may disrupt the Issuer's business or result in regulatory action 
Operational losses can result, for example, from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document 
transactions properly or to obtain proper authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of systems and controls, 
including those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. Although the Issuer has implemented risk 
controls and loss mitigation actions, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient 
procedures and reporting systems and to staff training, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have 
been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Issuer. Notwithstanding 
anything contained in this risk factor, it should not be taken as implying that the Issuer will be unable to 
comply with its regulatory obligations.  
Any operational failure may cause serious reputational or financial harm and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's results of operations, reputation and financial condition.  
The Issuer is subject to risks concerning customer and counterparty credit quality 
Credit and counterparty risk is defined as the risk arising from an obligor's (typically a client's or 
counterparty's) failure to meet the terms of any agreement. Credit and counterparty risk arises when funds 
are extended, committed, invested, or otherwise exposed through contractual agreements, whether reflected 
on- or off-balance sheet. 
Credit and counterparty risk arises primarily from three types of transactions: 
• 
lending transactions through loans and advances to clients and counterparties creates the risk that 
an obligor will be unable to or unwilling to repay capital and/or interest on loans and advances 
granted to them. This category includes bank placements, where the Issuer has placed funds with 
other financial institutions; 
• 
Issuer risk on financial instruments (for example, corporate bonds) where payments due from the 
issuer of a financial instrument may not be received; and 
• 
trading transactions, giving rise to settlement and replacement risk, which is collectively referred 
to as counterparty risk. Settlement risk is the risk that the settlement of a transaction does not take 
place as expected. Replacement risk is the financial cost of having to enter into a replacement 
contract with an alternative market counterparty following default by the original counterparty. 
The Issuer's credit risk arises primarily in relation to its Specialist Banking business, through which it offers 
products such as private client mortgages and specialised lending to high income professionals and high 
net worth individuals and a range of lending products to corporate clients, including corporate loans, asset 
based lending, fund finance, asset finance, acquisition finance, power and infrastructure finance, resource 
finance and corporate debt securities.

--- Page 13 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 11 - 
70-40754199 
 
Credit and counterparty risks can be impacted by country risk where cross-border transactions are 
undertaken. This can include geopolitical risks, transfer and convertibility risks and the impact on the 
borrower's credit profile due to local and economic political conditions. 
In accordance with policies overseen by its Central Credit Management department, the Issuer makes 
provision for specific impairments and calculates the appropriate level of portfolio impairments in relation 
to the credit and counterparty risk to which it is subject. This process requires complex judgements, 
including forecasts of how changing macro-economic conditions might impair the ability of customers to 
repay their loans. The Issuer may fail to adequately identify the relevant factors or accurately estimate the 
impact and/or magnitude of identified factors. Further, despite the Issuer having conducted an accurate 
assessment of customer credit quality, customers may be unable to meet their commitments as they fall due 
as a result of customer-specific circumstances, macro-economic disruptions or other external factors. The 
failure of customers to meet their commitments as they fall due may result in higher impairment losses. 
Increased credit and counterparty risk could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Concentration of credit risk could increase the Issuer's potential for significant losses 
The Issuer is subject to concentration risk, which arises when large exposures exist to a single client or 
counterparty, group of connected counterparties or to a particular geography, asset class or industry. 
Concentration risk can also exist where a portfolio of loan maturities is clustered within a single period of 
time. While the Issuer's loan book remains well diversified, geographical concentration in its loan book 
may pose risks. In the event of a disruption to the credit markets in the geographies in which the Issuer 
operates or the emergence of adverse economic conditions in any of those geographies, including in relation 
to interest rates and unemployment levels, this concentration of credit risk could cause the Issuer to 
experience greater losses than its competitors. While the Issuer regularly monitors its loan book to assess 
potential concentration risk, efforts to divest, diversify or manage its loan book against concentration risks 
may not be successful and could result in an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk, which may impair its ability to fund its operations 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer has insufficient capacity to fund increases in its assets, or that it is 
unable to meet its payment obligations as they fall due, without incurring unacceptable losses. This includes 
repaying depositors and repayments of wholesale debt. This risk is inherent in all banking operations and 
can be impacted by a range of institution-specific and market-wide events. Liquidity risk can be further 
broken down into: 
Funding liquidity, which relates to the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet current and/or future cash 
flow or collateral requirements in the normal course of its business, without adversely affecting its financial 
position or reputation; and 
Market liquidity, which relates to the risk that the Issuer may be unable to trade in specific markets or that 
it may only be able to do so with difficulty due to market disruptions or a lack of market liquidity. 
Sources of liquidity risk include: 
• 
unforeseen withdrawals of deposits; 
• 
restricted access to new funding with appropriate maturity and interest rate characteristics; 
• 
inability to liquidate a marketable asset in a timely manner with minimal risk of capital loss; 
• 
unpredicted customer non-payment of loan obligations; and 
• 
a sudden increased demand for loans in the absence of corresponding funding inflows of 
appropriate maturity. 
The Issuer utilised deposits from its private client base to provide a stable source of funding. The Issuer's 
primary source of funding is customer deposits. Growth in the Issuer's lending activities will therefore 
depend in part on the availability of customer deposit funding on acceptable terms, for which there may be 
increased competition, which is dependent on a variety of factors outside the Issuer's control. These factors

--- Page 14 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 12 - 
70-40754199 
 
include general macroeconomic conditions and market volatility and confidence of retail depositors in the 
economy. Increases in the cost of customer deposit funding will adversely affect the Issuer's net interest 
margin and a lack of availability of customer deposit funding could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's growth. 
While the Issuer does not currently rely heavily on borrowing from other banks, it may need to access 
interbank markets where there is a residual funding requirement over and above funds held from customer 
deposits. If the interbank funding markets were to be fully or partially closed, it is likely that interbank 
funding would prove more difficult to obtain on commercial terms. Significant curtailments of central bank 
liquidity to the financial markets in connection with other market stresses might also have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's financial position depending on the Issuer's liquidity position at that time.  
The Issuer is exposed to depositor concentration risk 
Due to exchange controls in South Africa, individuals and corporates are limited from making deposits 
outside South Africa. This has led to large deposits in banks in South Africa being made by corporates and 
in particular by the local South African fund managers. The principal South African fund managers are the 
largest depositors in the South African banking market, making deposits on behalf of their customers to 
benefit from high interest rates available to wholesale depositors. The Issuer, in line with other South 
African banks, obtains a large percentage of its deposits from such fund managers and thus has a high 
reliance on wholesale funding. Legislation in South Africa restricts the exposure that the fund managers 
can have to an individual bank and the fund managers are required to spread their deposits amongst banks. 
However, given the impact of exchange controls, Rand liquidity is contained within the Rand system thus 
significantly reducing the potential liquidity risks in South Africa compared to other more open financial 
systems. Notwithstanding, the Issuer believes that its level of access to domestic and international inter-
bank and capital markets and its liquidity risk management policy allow and will continue to allow the 
Issuer to meet is short-term and long-term liquidity needs. 
The Issuer's risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to risks which have not been 
identified by such policies or procedures 
The Issuer has devoted significant resources to developing its risk management policies and procedures, 
particularly in connection with credit, market and other banking risks and expects to continue to do so in 
the future. Nonetheless, its risk management techniques may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk 
exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Some of the Issuer's methods of managing 
risk are based upon its use of observed historical market behaviour. As a result, these methods may not 
predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. Other 
risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding the markets in which the Issuer 
operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible by the Issuer. This 
information may not be accurate in all cases, complete, up to date or properly evaluated. Any failure by the 
Issuer's risk management techniques may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The financial services industry in which the Issuer operates is intensely competitive 
The financial services industry in which the Issuer's businesses operate is highly competitive. The Issuer 
competes on the basis of a number of factors, including customer services and quality, transaction 
execution, its products and services, innovation, reputation and price. New competitors, including 
companies other than banks, may disintermediate the market and as a result they may acquire significant 
market share. Some of the Issuer's competitors also offer a wider range of services and products than the 
Issuer offers and have greater name recognition, greater financial resources and more extensive customer 
bases. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or evolving opportunities, 
technologies and customer requirements than the Issuer and may be able to undertake more extensive 
promotional activities. If the Issuer is unable to compete successfully, its future revenue and profit growth 
could be materially adversely affected. 
Failing infrastructure systems may negatively impact the economy generally and the business and results 
of operations of the Issuer 
Events such as electricity supply failures, the shutdown of transport systems due to inclement weather (such 
as snow or extreme heat) or postal, transport or other strikes have a negative impact on the ability of most

--- Page 15 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 13 - 
70-40754199 
 
firms, including the Issuer, to do business. The regular occurrence of such events or timing of the occurrence 
of such events could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's operations. 
The Issuer may be unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel 
The Issuer's performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of key personnel, many of whom 
have been employed by the Issuer for a substantial period of time and have developed with the business. In 
addition, while the Issuer is covered by a general director's and officer's insurance policy, it does not 
maintain any "key man" insurance in respect of any management employees. Competition in the financial 
services industry for qualified employees is intense. Further, the Issuer's ability to implement its strategy 
depends on the ability and experience of its senior management and other key employees. The loss of the 
services of certain key employees, particularly to competitors, could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
business. The Issuer's continued ability to compete effectively and further develop its businesses depends 
on its ability to retain, remunerate and motivate its existing employees and to attract new employees and 
qualified personnel competitively with its peers. In relation to the development and training of new staff, 
the Issuer is reliant on the continued development of the educational sector within South Africa, including 
access to facilities and educational programmes by its future employees. In addition, the South African 
operations of the Issuer have been and may continue to be affected by the general skill shortages occurring 
in the labour pool in the industry in which the Issuer operates. 
The Issuer may be vulnerable to the failure of its information and operating systems and breaches of its 
security systems 
The Issuer relies on the proper functioning of its information and operating systems which may fail as a 
result of hardware or software failure or power or telecommunications failure. The occurrence of such a 
failure may not be adequately covered by its business continuity planning. Any significant degradation, 
failure or lack of capacity of the Issuer's information systems or any other systems in the trading process 
could therefore cause it to fail to complete transactions on a timely basis, could have an adverse effect on 
its business, results of operations and financial condition and prospects or could give rise to adverse 
regulatory and reputational consequences for the Issuer's business. 
The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of the Issuer's operations. The 
Issuer's networks and systems may be vulnerable to unauthorised access and other security problems. In 
particular, as a financial institution, the Issuer is subject to a heightened risk that it will be the target of 
criminal activity, including fraud, theft or cybercrime. For example, the Issuer is exposed to potential losses 
due to breaches of its terms of business by its customers (e.g., through the use of a false identity to open an 
account) or by customers engaging in fraudulent activities, including the improper use of legitimate 
customer accounts. There also can be no assurance that the Issuer's systems will not be subject to attack by 
cybercriminals, including through denial of service attacks, which could significantly disrupt the Issuer's 
operations. The Issuer cannot be certain that its existing security measures will prevent security breaches 
including break-ins, viruses or disruptions. Persons that circumvent the security measures could use the 
Issuer's or its client's confidential information wrongfully which could expose it to a risk of loss, adverse 
regulatory consequences or litigation. 
The Issuer's future success will depend in part on its ability to respond to changing technologies and 
demands of the market place. The Issuer's failure to upgrade its information and communications system 
on a timely or cost-effective basis could damage its relationships with its clients and counterparties and 
could have a materially adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to conduct risk, including the risk that it treats its customers unfairly and delivers 
inappropriate outcomes and the risk of conducting itself negatively in the market 
The Issuer is exposed to conduct risk, including retail conduct risk and wholesale conduct risk. Retail 
conduct risk is the risk that the Issuer treats its customers unfairly and delivers inappropriate outcomes. 
Wholesale conduct risk is the risk of conducting itself negatively in the market. Certain aspects of the 
Issuer's business may be determined by regulators in various jurisdictions or by courts not to have been 
conducted in accordance with applicable local or, potentially, overseas laws and regulations, or in a fair 
and reasonable manner. If the Issuer fails to comply with any relevant laws or regulations, it may suffer 
reputational damage and may become subject to challenges by customers or competitors, or sanctions, fines 
or other actions imposed by regulatory authorities. Changes in laws or regulations may also vastly change

--- Page 16 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 14 - 
70-40754199 
 
the requirements applicable to the Issuer in a short period of time and/or without transitional arrangements. 
If the Issuer is unable to manage any related emerging risks, its business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
The Issuer may be adversely affected if its reputation is harmed 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of loss due to customer or staff misconduct. The Issuer's ability to attract 
and retain customers and employees and raise appropriate financing or capital may be adversely affected 
to the extent its reputation is damaged. If it fails to deal with various issues that may give rise to reputational 
risk, its reputation and in turn its business prospects may be harmed. These issues include, but are not 
limited to, appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, 
customer management and communication, discrimination issues, money-laundering, privacy, record-
keeping, sales and trading practices, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity 
and market risks inherent in its business. Failure to address these issues appropriately could give rise to 
litigation and regulatory risk to the Issuer. 
There have been a number of highly publicised cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees of 
financial services firms in recent years. The Issuer's reputation could be damaged by an allegation or 
finding, even where the associated fine or penalty is not material. Misconduct could include hiding 
unauthorised activities from the Issuer, improper or unauthorised activities on behalf of customers, 
improper use of confidential information or use of improper marketing materials. The Issuer has systems 
and controls in place to prevent and detect misconduct; however, the risks posed by misconduct may not 
be entirely eliminated through controls. 
The Issuer's business performance could be affected if its capital resources and liquidity are not 
managed effectively 
The Issuer's capital and liquidity are critical to its ability to operate its businesses, to grow organically and 
to take advantage of strategic opportunities. The Issuer mitigates capital and liquidity risk by careful 
management of its balance sheet, through, for example, capital and other fund-raising activities, disciplined 
capital allocation, maintaining surplus liquidity buffers and diversifying its funding sources. The Issuer is 
required by regulators, in the jurisdictions in which it undertakes regulated activities, to maintain adequate 
capital and liquidity. The maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity is also necessary for the Issuer's 
financial flexibility in the face of any turbulence and uncertainty in the global economy.  
Extreme and unanticipated market circumstances may cause exceptional changes in the Issuer's markets, 
products and other businesses. Any exceptional changes, including, for example, substantial reductions in 
profits and retained earnings as a result of write-downs or otherwise, delays in the disposal of certain assets 
or the ability to access sources of liability, including customer deposits and wholesale funding, as a result 
of these circumstances, or otherwise, that limit the Issuer's ability effectively to manage its capital resources 
could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's profitability and results. If such exceptional changes 
persist, the Issuer may not have sufficient financing available to it on a timely basis or on terms that are 
favourable to it to develop or enhance its businesses or services, take advantage of business opportunities 
or respond to competitive pressures. 
The Issuer is subject to government regulation in South Africa. Regulatory agencies have broad jurisdiction 
over many aspects of the Issuer's business, which may range from capital adequacy, funding and liquidity 
risk management and credit risk management to practices relating to marketing and selling, advertising, 
licensing agents, policy forms, terms of business and permitted investments. 
The Issuer is subject to capital adequacy guidelines adopted by the South African Reserve Bank (the 
“SARB”), which provide for a minimum target ratio of capital to risk-adjusted assets. Any failure by the 
Issuer to maintain its ratios may result in sanctions against the Issuer which may in turn impact on its ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Social, political and economic risk outside of the Issuer's control may adversely affect its business and 
results of operations 
Unfavourable economic, political, military and diplomatic developments producing social instability or 
legal uncertainty may affect both the performance and demand for the Issuer's products and services. The 
Issuer's businesses, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by

--- Page 17 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 15 - 
70-40754199 
 
changes in government or the economic, regulatory or other policies of the governments of the jurisdictions 
in which the Issuer operates. Among others, the actions of such governments in relation to employee 
relations, salaries, the setting of interest rates, or in relation to exerting controls on prices, exchange rates 
or local and foreign investment, may adversely affect the Issuer's business and results of operations. 
The Issuer's operations are concentrated in South Africa and Mauritius, with the majority of its revenues 
deriving from operations in South Africa. Operations in these markets are subject to various risks which 
need to be assessed in comparison to jurisdictions elsewhere. These include political, social and economic 
risks particularly relating to South Africa, such as general economic volatility, recession, inflationary 
pressure, exchange rate risks, exchange controls, crime and diseases (including e.g. HIV/AIDS), which 
could affect an investment in the Notes. The existence of such factors may have a negative impact on South 
African and international economic conditions generally, and more specifically on the business and results 
of the Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted. 
Regulatory risks 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation by governmental and other regulatory organisations in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates, including, in particular, the SARB. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to extensive and increasing legislation, regulation, accounting standards 
and changing interpretations thereof in the various countries in which it operates. The requirements imposed 
by the Issuer's regulators, including capital adequacy, are designed to ensure the integrity of financial 
markets and to protect customers and other third parties who deal with the Issuer. 
In addition, new laws are introduced, and existing laws are amended from time to time, including Tax, 
consumer protection, privacy and other legislation, which affect the environment in which the Issuer 
operates. Governmental policies and regulatory changes in the other areas which could affect the Issuer, 
include:  
• 
the monetary, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities; 
• 
general changes in government or regulatory policy or changes in regulatory regimes that may 
significantly influence investor decisions in particular markets in which the Issuer operates or may 
increase the costs of doing business in those markets; 
• 
other general changes in the regulatory requirements, such as prudential rules relating to the capital 
adequacy and liquidity framework; 
• 
changes in competition and pricing environments; 
• 
further developments in the financial reporting environment; 
• 
further developments in the corporate governance, conduct of business and employee 
compensation environments; 
• 
expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation relating to foreign 
ownership; and 
• 
other unfavourable political or diplomatic developments or legal uncertainty which, in turn, may 
affect demand for the Issuer's products and services.  
Consequently, changes in these governmental policies and regulation may limit the Issuer's activities, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's results. 
It is widely expected that as a result of recent interventions by governments in response to global economic 
conditions, there will be a substantial increase in government regulation and supervision of the financial 
services industry, including the imposition of higher capital requirements, heightened disclosure standards 
and restrictions on certain types of transaction structures. If enacted, such new regulations could 
significantly impact the profitability and results of firms operating within the financial services industry, or 
could require those affected to enter into business transactions that are not otherwise part of their preferred 
strategies, prevent the continuation of current lines of operations, restrict the type or volume of transactions 
which may be entered into or set limits on, or require the modification of, rates or fees that may be charged

--- Page 18 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 16 - 
70-40754199 
 
on certain loan or other products. Such new regulations may also result in increased compliance costs and 
limitations on the ability of the Issuer or others within the financial services industry to pursue business 
opportunities. 
Further changes to the regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer, whether resulting from recent 
events in the credit markets or otherwise, could materially affect its business, the products and services it 
offers and the value of its assets. 
The response of governments and regulators to instability in the global financial markets may not be 
effective 
In times of economic instability, governments and regulators are faced with pressure from a variety of 
sources, including market participants, the media, investor organisations and others, to reform the existing 
financial and regulatory system. There can be no guarantee that the response of governments and regulators 
in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates, and the reforms proposed thereby, will be effective or that 
the timing of responses (which might otherwise have been effective) will be appropriate. In addition, any 
such measures taken may negatively impact the Issuer's business even when they achieve their policy goals. 
In the past, governments and regulators in some jurisdictions have responded to pressure of the kind referred 
to above by greatly increasing regulation. Reforms which increase the compliance and reporting burdens 
of companies can have unintended effects on the environment within which companies operate. There can 
be no guarantee that the governments and regulators in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates will 
not make policy decisions to implement reforms which increase the burdens faced by the Issuer in relation 
to compliance and reporting. This could increase the costs the Issuer has to devote to compliance and 
reporting and, in turn, could have a negative effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of 
operations.  
The Issuer's borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit 
rating 
Rating agencies, which determine the Issuer's own credit ratings and thereby influence the Issuer's cost of 
funds, take into consideration management effectiveness and the success of the Issuer's risk management 
processes. Rating agencies have, in the past, altered their ratings of all or a majority of the participants in a 
given industry as a result of the risks affecting that industry or have altered the credit ratings of the Issuer 
or instruments issued by the Issuer specifically. Changes to the sovereign rating in the countries in which 
the Issuer primarily operates could also impact the Issuer's credit rating. 
A reduction in the Issuer's long- or short-term credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs, limit its 
access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts and other 
secured funding arrangements. Any further changes in the credit ratings of the Issuer could negatively 
impact the volume and pricing of the Issuer's funding, which could in turn have a materially adverse effect 
on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value under relevant accounting rules. To determine 
fair value, the Issuer uses financial models which require it to make certain assumptions and judgements 
and estimates which may change over time  
Under IFRS, the Issuer is required to carry certain financial instruments on its balance sheet at fair value, 
including, among others, trading assets (which include certain retained interests in loans that have been 
securitised), available-for-sale securities and derivatives. Generally, in order to establish the fair value of 
these instruments, the Issuer relies on quoted market prices or internal valuation models that utilise 
observable market data. In certain circumstances and over the past year in particular, however, the ability 
of the Issuer and other financial institutions to establish fair values has been influenced by the lack of readily 
available observable market prices and data and the fact that the availability or reliability of such 
information has diminished due to market conditions. Furthermore, in common with other financial 
institutions, the Issuer's processes and procedures governing internal valuation models are complex, and 
require the Issuer to make assumptions, judgements and estimates in relation to matters that are inherently 
uncertain, such as expected cash flows from a particular asset class, the ability of borrowers to service debt, 
house price appreciation and depreciation, and relative levels of defaults and deficiencies. Such 
assumptions, judgements and estimates may need to be updated to reflect changing trends in relation to 
such matters. To the extent the Issuer's assumptions, judgements or estimates change over time in response

--- Page 19 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 17 - 
70-40754199 
 
to market conditions or otherwise, the resulting change in the fair value of the financial instruments reported 
on the Issuer's balance sheet could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's earnings. 
Financial instruments are valued differently under relevant applicable accounting rules depending upon 
how they are classified. For example, assets classified as held-to-maturity are carried at cost (less provisions 
for permanent impairment) while trading assets are carried at fair value. Similar financial instruments can 
be classified differently by a financial institution depending upon the purpose for which they are held and 
different financial institutions may classify the same instrument differently. In addition, financial 
institutions may use different valuation methodologies which may result in different fair values for the same 
instruments. Accordingly, the Issuer's carrying value for an instrument may be materially different from 
another financial institution's valuation of that instrument or class of similar instruments.  
Furthermore, a fair value determination does not necessarily reflect the value that can be realised for a 
financial instrument on a given date. As a result, assets and liabilities carried at fair value may not actually 
be able to be sold or settled for that value. If such assets are ultimately sold or settled for a lower or greater 
value, the difference would be reflected in a write-down or gain. The difference between the fair value 
determined at a particular point in time and the ultimate sale or settlement value can be more pronounced 
in volatile market conditions or during periods when there is only limited trading of a particular asset class 
from which to establish fair value. This can result in a significant negative impact on the Issuer's financial 
condition and results of operations due to an obligation arising to revalue assets at a fair value significantly 
below the value at which the Issuer believes it could ultimately be realised. 
The Issuer faces significant legal risks 
The Issuer faces significant legal risks, and the volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation against 
financial intermediaries generally is increasing. These risks include potential liability under securities or 
other laws for materially false or misleading statements made in connection with the sale of securities and 
other transactions, potential liability for advice the Issuer provides to participants in corporate transactions 
and disputes over the terms and conditions of complex trading arrangements. The Issuer also faces the 
possibility that counterparties in complex or risky trading transactions will claim that the Issuer failed to 
properly inform them of the risks or that they were not authorised or permitted to enter into these 
transactions with the Issuer and that their obligations to the Issuer are not enforceable. 
The Issuer may also be subject to claims arising from disputes with employees for, among other things, 
alleged discrimination or harassment. These risks may often be difficult to assess or quantify and their 
existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Liability resulting from any 
of the foregoing or other claims could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations 
and financial condition. 
These issues require the Issuer to deal appropriately with, inter alia, potential conflicts of interest; legal and 
regulatory requirements; ethical issues; anti-money laundering laws or regulations; privacy laws; 
information security policies; sales and trading practices; and conduct by companies with which it is 
associated. Failure to address these issues appropriately may give rise to additional legal and compliance 
risk to the Issuer, with an increase in the number of litigation claims and the amount of damages asserted 
against the Issuer, or subject the Issuer to regulatory enforcement actions, fines, penalties or reputational 
damage. 
The Issuer is subject to the substance and interpretation of tax laws in all countries in which it operates. 
A number of double taxation agreements entered into between countries also affect the taxation of the 
Issuer. 
Tax risk is the risk associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law. It also includes the 
risk of changes in tax rates and the risk of consequences arising from failure to comply with procedures 
required by tax authorities. Failure to manage tax risks could lead to increased tax charges, including 
financial or operating penalties, for not complying as required with tax laws. Action by governments to 
increase tax rates or to impose additional taxes would reduce the profitability of the Issuer. Revisions to tax 
legislation or to its interpretation might also affect the Issuer's results in the future.

--- Page 20 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 18 - 
70-40754199 
 
Risks related to Notes issued under this Programme 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future - including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021. 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the LIBOR and EURIBOR, which 
are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments, have been the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "BMR" or "Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 became applicable from 1 January 2018. The BMR applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the BMR is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, could 
also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange 
rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in certain 
financial instruments (including securities or OTC derivatives traded on an EU regulated market, EU 
multilateral trading facility (MTF), EU organised trading facility (OTF) or via a "systematic internaliser"), 
certain financial contracts and investment funds. Different types and categories of "benchmark" are subject 
to more or less stringent requirements, and in particular a lighter touch regime may apply where a 
"benchmark" is not based on interest rates or commodities and the value of financial instruments, financial 
contracts or investment funds referring to a benchmark is less than €50bn, subject to further conditions. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark" index, 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not 
obtain authorisation/registration or is not able to rely on one of the regimes available to non-EU 
benchmarks. In such event, depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of 
the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level and, depending 
on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes, could lead to adjustments to 
the terms of the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or 
(iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
benchmark after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a 
regulated benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation 
of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.  In addition, on 29 
November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group

--- Page 21 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 19 - 
70-40754199 
 
on Sterling risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative 
markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.   
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(for example, as further described in Condition 7.5 (Benchmark Replacement) or Condition 7.2(b)(iv) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any 
Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The "General Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to 
or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates in the capital 
markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and 
SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). The nascent development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well 
as continued development of SONIA- and SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 20 - 
70-40754199 
 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR. In 
particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR 
linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in 
future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with the Notes.  In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR 
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption 
of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. Noteholders should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, 
whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave 
materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes.   Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
LIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or 
other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. The future 
performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
the historical level of SONIA or SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables 
and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA or 
SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, 
including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Modification and waivers and Substitution 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders

--- Page 23 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 21 - 
70-40754199 
 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree 
to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of Notes (other than any modifications, waivers or authorisations relating to any matters 
described in clauses 26 to 28 of the Trust Deed or paragraph 19(f) of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed) or (ii) 
determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default 
shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes 
in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Notices) of the conditions of the 
Notes. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes, are governed by English law (save for Conditions 3.2 – 3.5 and Clause 7 of the Trust Deed, which 
are governed by South African law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, South African law or 
administrative practice in either such jurisdiction after the date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in 
South African law may include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution 
and loss-absorption tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including 
the Subordinated Capital Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write off sums otherwise payable on 
such securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered viable by its regulator or upon the 
occurrence of another trigger event. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a minimum Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Risks related to the Underlying 
Certain Notes issued under the programme are linked to the value of one or more underlying assets 
("Underlying Linked Notes"). The price at which a holder may be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the initial investment, based upon one or more of 
the factors described below. 
The factors that will affect the trading value and return at maturity of the Notes interrelate in complex ways 
(for example, one factor may offset an increase in the trading value of the Notes caused by another factor). 
Factors that may impact the value of the Notes, assuming other conditions remain constant, include: 
(a) 
Risk factors affecting the value of and return on the Notes 
(i) 
Value of the Underlying 
The redemption amount of and return of: 
(A) 
an Equity Linked Note, and accordingly its value will depend on the performance 
of a single share (which may be a share in an exchange traded fund (an "ETF" 
share)) or a basket of such shares;

--- Page 24 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 22 - 
70-40754199 
 
(B) 
an Index Linked Note, and accordingly its value, will depend on the performance 
of a single index or basket of indices; 
(C) 
a Fund Linked Note, and accordingly its value, will depend on the performance of 
a single fund interest or basket of fund interests; 
(D) 
an Inflation Linked Note, and accordingly its value, will depend on the performance 
of a rate of inflation or other rate-dependent variable,  
such share, basket of shares, index, basket of indices, fund interest or baskets of fund interests 
or inflation based underlying asset being the "Underlying" to which the Note is linked.   
The redemption amount of, and return of, a Multi Underlying Linked Note, and accordingly 
its value, will depend on the performance of two or more underlying assets (being any 
combination of shares, baskets of shares, indices, baskets of indices, fund interests or baskets 
of fund interests), being the "Underlyings" to which the Note is Linked.  
The redemption amount of and return of Combined Underlying Linked Notes will depend 
on the performance of two separate underlyings, a specified inflation-linked index and any 
one of a single share, a single index, a single fund interest, a basket of indices, a basket of 
shares or a basket of fund interests, one of which will be specified as the "Return 
Underlying" and the other will be specified as the "Risk Underlying", the Return 
Underlying and the Risk Underlying together being the Underlyings to which the Note is 
linked. 
Therefore, any change (positive or negative, depending on the particular set of redemption 
provisions specified to apply to the Notes) in the "level" (in respect of an index, basket of 
indices or inflation-linked variable), "price" (in respect of a share) or "value" (in respect of 
a basket of shares, a fund interest or a basket of fund interests) of the Underlying (or, in 
respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the 
relevant Underlying(s) or the average performance of the Underlyings, as applicable) will 
affect the redemption amount and trading value of the Note. Accordingly, and since the Notes 
may not be capital protected, it is possible that the return on a Note and value at any time 
may be considerably less than the amount paid by the investor for such Note and may 
even be zero. 
(ii) 
Fluctuations in the Underlying 
The level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying (or, in respect of Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, one or more of the Underlyings) may 
change during the term of the Notes. The frequency and amount of any changes in the level, 
price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) cannot be predicted and may be caused 
by various factors including political or economic developments. Therefore, the value of the 
Notes during the term of the Notes and may be subject to fluctuation as a result of the 
fluctuation (or expectations of fluctuation) in the level, price or value (as applicable) of the 
Underlying(s). 
Accordingly, the value of a Note prior to maturity and the return on a Note may be 
lower and less predictable than would be received or expected when investing in a 
conventional debt instrument. 
Investors who require a certain or a predefined return should consider carefully before 
investing in any Notes. 
(iii) 
Volatility of the Underlying(s) 
If the size or frequency of market fluctuations in the level, price or value (as applicable) of 
the Underlying (or, in respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes or Combined Underlying 
Linked Notes, one or more of the Underlyings) increases or decreases, the value of the Notes 
may be affected. Where an Underlying is an index, the volatility of such index will affect the 
value of the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 23 - 
70-40754199 
 
Inflation rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility 
of significant changes in inflation rates resulting in a decrease in the value of interest 
payments and/or the principal payable on the Notes at maturity. As a consequence the market 
value of the Notes may also fall. 
Accordingly, the value of and return on the Notes may be less predictable than the 
return on a product which is unaffected by market fluctuations. 
(iv) 
Past performance 
Prospective investors should understand that the historical performance of the 
Underlying(s) or any component of the Underlying(s) is not predictive of future results. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material 
future events concerning any company whose shares comprise an Underlying could affect 
the trading price of the Notes. 
(v) 
Interest rates 
The value of the Notes may, in addition to being affected by the level, price or value (as 
applicable) of the Underlying(s), be indirectly affected by changes in interest rates. 
Depending on the Underlying(s) and the formula for calculating the redemption price of the 
Notes, changes in interest rates may increase or decrease the value of the Notes (but not 
necessarily in the same or proportionate amount). Changes in interest rates may also affect 
the economy of a country in which the components of an Underlying are traded and thus 
indirectly affect the value of the Notes. Accordingly, investors in the Notes may suffer a 
loss on their investment or forgo substantial returns as a result of interest rate 
fluctuations. Therefore, an investment in the Notes may entail greater risks than an 
investment in a product where the return is only affected by the value of an underlying. 
The market value of any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. Accordingly, investors in any Notes issued 
at a discount or premium are exposed to interest rate volatility and may suffer a greater 
loss on their investment than investors in interest-bearing debt securities. 
(vi) 
Time remaining to maturity 
The Notes may trade at a value above that which would be expected based on interest rates 
and the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s). Any such difference will 
reflect a "time premium" resulting from expectations concerning the Underlying(s) during 
the period prior to the stated maturity of the Notes. As the time remaining to the stated 
maturity of the Notes decreases, this time premium may decrease, which in turn may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. Accordingly, investors selling any Notes at a date 
close to maturity may suffer a loss on their investment depending on expectations 
concerning the Underlying(s) prevailing at the time. 
(vii) 
Non-linear relationship of Notes to Underlying 
A change in the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) may not result in a 
comparable or proportionate change in the value of the Notes due to fluctuating supply and 
demand for the Notes or the use of leverage factors, caps, floors, thresholds and barriers (or 
any combination of these features) in provisions governing the calculation of the return on 
the Notes. If leverage factors, caps, floors, barrier amounts or thresholds are used in the 
formula for calculating the return on the Notes, investors may forgo returns or suffer 
losses that are relatively large or relatively small compared to a movement in the level, 
price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s). 
Investors should not invest in any Notes before fully understanding how the value of the 
Notes is linked to the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s).

--- Page 26 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 24 - 
70-40754199 
 
(viii) 
Currency fluctuations 
Currency fluctuations may affect the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) 
in complex ways. If the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) (or, in 
respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, one or 
more of the Underlyings) is denominated in a currency that is different from the currency of 
the Notes, investors in the Notes may be subject to increased foreign exchange risk. If such 
currency fluctuations cause the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) to 
decrease, the value of the Notes may fall. Accordingly, an investor in the Notes may suffer 
a greater loss on his/her investment than an investor in a product which is linked to an 
underlying that is denominated in the same currency. 
Foreign exchange rates are unpredictable and may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including relative rates of inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of 
payments between countries, the extent of any governmental surplus or deficit and the 
monetary, fiscal and/or trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant currencies. 
Previous foreign exchange rates are not necessarily indicative of future foreign exchange 
rates. Accordingly, investors may be unable to predict and adequately hedge against the 
risk posted by currency fluctuations, causing an investment in the Notes to result in an 
overall loss to the investor. 
(b) 
Hedging risk 
As a result of the non-linear relationship of the Notes to the Underlying(s) (as described above) the 
Notes may not be suitable for hedging against the market risk associated with investing in any 
securities or indices. 
Prospective investors intending to acquire Notes to hedge against such risk should recognise the 
complexities of using Notes in this manner. 
(c) 
No Ownership Rights 
An investment in the Notes is not the same as an investment in the Underlying(s) (or any component 
of the Underlying(s)) and does not confer any legal or beneficial interest in any Underlying (or any 
component of the Underlying) (or, in relation to Credit Linked Notes (as defined below), any 
Reference Entity(ies)) or any voting rights, rights to receive dividends or other rights that an owner 
or a holder of any Underlying (or any component of the Underlying) (or, in relation to Credit Linked 
Notes (as defined below), any Reference Entity(ies)) would have. Accordingly, an investor in the 
Notes may not benefit from the same rights as a person investing directly in the Underlying(s) 
(or, in relation to Credit Linked Notes (as defined below), any Reference Entity(ies)) (i.e. a 
purchaser of shares or securities forming part of an underlying share, basket of shares or component 
of an index or any financial institution(s), corporation(s) and/or sovereign entity(ies) or any 
successor(s) thereto named as a Reference Entity)). 
The Notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and no security has been taken 
in respect of the Underlying. Accordingly, investors in the Notes have less protection in the event 
of the insolvency of the Issuer than investors in a product which is secured on certain assets or 
other security. 
(d) 
Risks relating to shares in exchange traded funds ("ETFs") - Notes with one or more underlyings 
which is a single ETF Share or a Basket of ETF Shares 
An investment in Equity Linked Notes that are linked to ETF shares will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. Whilst interests in ETFs are traded on 
an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a share traded on an exchange, certain 
provisions related to Equity Linked Notes that are linked to ETF shares are similar to the provisions 
related to funds.

--- Page 27 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 25 - 
70-40754199 
 
(i) 
Where the Underlying is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such exchange traded 
fund will not accurately track its underlying share or index 
Where the Notes are linked to an ETF share and the investment objective of such ETF is to 
track the performance of a share or an index, the investors of such Notes are exposed to the 
performance of such ETF share rather than the underlying share or index such ETF share 
tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain tax and regulatory constraints, 
an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share 
or index, which could give rise to a difference between the performance of the underlying 
share or index and such ETF share. Accordingly, investors who purchase Notes that are 
linked to an ETF share may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested in the 
share or the index underlying such ETF share directly. 
(ii) 
Action or non-performance by the management company, ETF administrator, ETF service 
provider or sponsor of an exchange traded fund may adversely affect the Notes 
The management company, ETF Administrator, ETF Service Provider or sponsor of an ETF 
will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Notes and will have no obligation to 
any purchaser of such Notes. The management company, ETF Administrator, ETF Service 
Provider or sponsor of an ETF may take any actions in respect of such ETF without regard 
to the interests of the purchasers of the Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an 
ETF will rely on the ETF Adviser, the investment adviser, the management company and/or 
on third parties providing services such as safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to 
derivatives or other instruments used by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The 
insolvency or non-performance of services of any such persons or institutions may expose 
an ETF to financial loss. Failure of procedures or systems, as well as human error or external 
events associated with an ETF's management and/or administration may cause losses to an 
ETF and affect the market value of the Notes. 
(iii) 
ETFs may not be actively managed 
An ETF may not be actively managed and may be affected by general movements in market 
segments related to the index or other asset it is tracking. An ETF invests in instruments 
included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is tracking regardless of 
their investment merits. 
(iv) 
ETFs may engage in securities lending 
Securities lending involves the risk that the ETF may lose money because the borrower of 
the ETF's loaned securities fails to return the securities in a timely manner or at all. 
(v) 
ETFs are subject to market trading risks 
An ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack 
of an active market for its shares, losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high 
volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the creation or redemption process of such ETF 
share. If any of these risks materialises, this may lead to the ETF shares trading at a premium 
or discount to the net asset value. 
Risks related to certain features of the Notes 
(a) 
Unsecured Notes 
Investors investing in unsecured Notes (including unsecured Notes which are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Notes "without Capital at Risk") are advised to carefully evaluate the 
Issuer's credit risk when considering an investment in such Notes. If the Issuer became unable to pay 
amounts owed to the investor under the unsecured Notes, such investor does not have recourse to 
the Underlying(s) or any other security/collateral and, in a worst case scenario, investors may not 
receive any payments under the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 26 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
Measuring the performance of the Underlying 
(i) 
Type of performance valuation specified 
The return of the Notes will depend on the movements in (and the calculation of) the level, 
price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying (or in the case of Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the relevant Underlying(s) or the average 
performance of such Underlyings (as applicable)) over the term of the Notes. Such return 
may be affected by how the performance of the Underlying(s) is calculated, namely the times, 
dates and methods used for determining the level, price or value (as applicable) of the 
Underlying(s). 
The determination of the performance of the Underlying(s) for any relevant purpose may be 
determined at a specific point in time (for example, where one or more of the relevant 
Underlying(s) is an index, at the scheduled closing time of such index) or on an ongoing 
basis (for example, at any time during a specified period or as an average). This could lead 
to greatly divergent valuations of the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) and 
accordingly the return on the Notes. 
Averaging 
The Notes may have a return that is linked in whole or in part to the average level, price or 
value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) over the entire term of the Notes or over another 
specified period. Alternatively, the return on the Notes may be dependent on whether the 
level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying (or in the case of Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the relevant Underlying(s) or the 
average performance of such Underlyings (as applicable)) has exceeded or fallen below a 
specified threshold (i.e. breached a specified barrier) on or prior to a specified date. 
Accordingly, if the relevant Underlying(s) experience a prolonged period of poor or positive 
performance (as applicable), the return on the Notes may be affected by such poor or positive 
performance (as applicable) and investors may be unable to benefit from any single instance 
of improved or negative performance and may therefore receive a lower return than 
investors in a product where the return is calculated only by reference to the 
performance of the Underlying(s) on a specific date. 
Determination over a period of time 
If the final level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) is calculated over a 
period of time, rather than on a single date, investors will be exposed to the performance of 
the Underlying(s) on days other than the maturity date. Accordingly, the return on the 
Notes may be lower if the Underlying is (or, in respect of Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, one or more of the Underlyings are) 
experiencing a temporary period of poor performance or positive performance (as 
applicable). 
Determination on a single date 
If the level, price or value (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) is calculated as of a specific 
date (rather than as an average of several dates), investors will have greater exposure to the 
volatility of the Underlying(s) in respect of the calculation of such level or value. 
Accordingly, the return on the Notes may be lower if the Underlying (or, in respect of 
Multi Underlying Linked Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, one or more 
of the Underlyings) experiences a single atypical instance of poor performance or 
positive performance (as applicable) on such specific date than it would be if the 
performance of the Underlying was measured over several days. 
(ii) 
Value of baskets 
Where the Underlying (or, in respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes or Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes, one or more of the Underlyings) is a basket of shares, an equity 
index, a basket of equity indices or a basket of fund interests, the level of such Underlying 
may be affected by the number of companies and/or funds represented in such basket or

--- Page 29 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 27 - 
70-40754199 
 
index. Generally, the value of a basket of shares, an equity index or a basket of fund interests 
that includes shares from a number of companies and/or fund interests from a number of 
funds (as applicable) which gives relatively equal weight to the shares of each of such 
companies and/or funds will be less affected by changes in the value of any particular shares 
and/or fund interests included therein than a basket of shares or an index that includes the 
shares of fewer companies and/or the fund interests of fewer funds (as applicable) or that 
gives greater weight to the shares of some of the companies and/or fund interests of such 
funds (as applicable) included therein. In addition, if the shares or fund interests included in 
a basket or index are of companies in a particular industry sector or funds focussed on 
investment in a particular industry sector (as applicable), the value of such a basket or an 
index will be more affected by the economic, financial and other factors affecting that 
industry sector than if the basket comprised shares of companies and/or funds (as applicable) 
focussed in various industry sectors that are affected by different economic, financial or other 
factors or are affected by such factors in different ways. Accordingly, the composition of a 
particular basket of shares, index or basket of fund interests may result in investors 
receiving a lower return on the Notes than would have been payable on a single share, 
fund interest or a basket or index composed of different shares or fund interests or 
having different weightings. 
(iii) 
Capital Downside 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify "Capital Downside" to be applicable, at maturity 
the performance of the relevant Underlying (or in the case of Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the relevant Underlying(s) or the average 
performance of such Underlyings (as applicable)) will be calculated in accordance with 
"upside" provisions and with the "downside" provisions, which may provide for different 
types of performance valuation and produce different results. Investors in Notes to which 
Capital Downside is applicable should read the risk factor set out in paragraph "–Possibility 
of Loss of Investment – Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk - Notes to which 
Capital Downside is applicable" below to ascertain how this may affect the return on the 
Notes. 
(iv) 
"Best of"/"Worst of" features in respect of baskets 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Underlying (or, in respect of Multi 
Underlying Linked Notes or Combined Underlying Linked Notes, one or more of the 
Underlyings) is a basket and that the "Best of" feature is applicable in relation to any 
determination of the performance of the Underlying, for the purposes of such determination, 
the value of the basket will depend on the level or price (as applicable) of the index, share or 
fund interest that has shown the best performance (i.e. the greatest increase or smallest 
decrease in level or price from its initial level or price) in comparison to the other indices, 
shares or fund interests comprising the basket over a specified period of time. Conversely, 
where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Worst of" feature is applicable, in relation 
to any determination of the performance of the Underlying, for the purposes of such 
determination, the value of the basket will depend the level or price of the index, share or 
fund interest that has shown the worst performance (i.e. the smallest increase or greatest 
decrease in level or price from its initial level or price) in comparison to the other indices, 
shares or fund interests comprising the basket over a specified period of time. As the best-
performing index, share or fund interest, or the worst-performing index, share or fund 
interest, as applicable, of a basket are not representative of the performance of the basket as 
a whole, any calculations or determinations of value that involve the "Best of" or "Worst of" 
feature may produce results that are very different to those that take into account the 
performance of the basket as a whole. 
Where the "Worst of" feature is applicable in respect of the determination of final 
performance of the Underlying in relation to Equity Linked Notes which are physically 
settled (as further discussed in paragraph entitled "–Settlement by way of physical delivery 
of the relevant Underlying (Equity Linked Notes only)" below), investors will receive a 
number of the worst performing shares in the basket (plus a cash amount in place of any 
fractional amount of shares) only, rather than receiving a number of each of the shares

--- Page 30 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 28 - 
70-40754199 
 
contained in the basket (plus a cash amount in place of any fractional amount of shares), in 
proportion to the weighting of such share in the basket. 
(v) 
"Best Performing"/"Worst Performing"/"Average Performance" feature in respect of Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk and Multi Underlying Upside Notes without 
Capital at Risk 
Each Underlying specified in respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes and Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes will be valued seperately in accordance with the provisions 
specified in the Final Terms, and subject to the risks set out above. 
In respect of Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk and Multi Underlying 
Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the applicable Final Terms will specify how the 
individual performance of each Underlying will contribute to the determination of the overall 
performance of the Underlyings for the purposes of calculating the return on the relevant 
Notes. The Final Terms will specify one of the following options in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk and Multi Underlying Upside Notes without 
Capital at Risk: 
(A) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to 
the Notes, return on the Notes will be calculated by reference to the Underlying that 
has shown the worst performance (i.e. the smallest increase or greatest decrease in 
level or price from its initial level or price) in comparison to the other Underlyings 
over a specified period of time; 
(B) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to the 
Notes, return on the Notes will be calculated by reference to the Underlying that 
has shown the best performance (i.e. the greatest increase or smallest decrease in 
level or price from its initial level, price or value) in comparison to the other 
Underlyings over a specified period of time; and 
(C) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, return on the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the average change in performance of each Underlyings 
as against its initial level, price or value. 
(c) 
Risks in relation to Interest 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes 
An investment in Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes exposes investors to the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
(ii) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect 
such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Accordingly, an investor in the Notes may 
receive a lower return that investors in similar notes which do not allow the relevant 
issuer to convert between the type of interest payable.

--- Page 31 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 29 - 
70-40754199 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Deferral 
The Final Terms may specify that "Coupon Deferral" is applicable in relation to the Notes. 
For such Notes if a coupon deferral event occurs (the suspension, deferral, cessation of 
interest payment, or adjustment in the frequency of interest payments) in relation to a 
specified coupon reference obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
defer or reduce the interest payments due under the Notes to the same extent of the deferral 
or reduction in the interest payments on the specified coupon reference obligation, for so 
long as the coupon deferral event is continuing. 
In such circumstances Investors in such Notes may not receive the full coupon when 
due on the Notes, will not receive any compensation for any delayed receipt of the 
coupon (or any part thereof), and may never receive the coupon where the coupon 
continues to be deferred up to the maturity of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Interest Linked to the Underlying 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes and N-Barrier (Income) Notes 
In respect of Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk and N-Barrier (Income) Notes 
with Capital at Risk, interest will become due in respect of a specified period or date only 
where the level, price or value of the Underlying at the end of such period or on such date is 
greater than a specified threshold for such period or date. In these circumstances, although 
investors will not experience a loss on their investment, the amount of any interest will 
depend upon the amount of the interest and the amount threshold(s) required to be 
reached in order for the interest to be payable, and thus investors may receive no upside 
return or a lower upside return than they could have received had they invested the 
initial investment in a similar product with a higher interest and/or lower interest 
amount threshold and/or shorter interest calculation periods or more interest 
calculation dates. 
Range Accrual Notes 
In respect of Range Accrual Notes, interest will become due in respect of a specified period 
only where level, price or value of the Underlying is within a range specified for such period 
for one or more days during such period. Interest will be calculated based on the number of 
days in each period that the index level is within the specified range. In these circumstances, 
although investors will not experience a loss on their investment, the amount of any 
interest return will depend upon the specified interest amount for the relevant period 
and the range within which the Underlying must fall in order for the interest to be 
payable, and thus investors may receive no upside return or a lower upside return than 
they could have received had they invested in a similar product with a higher interest 
and/or wider interest calculation range. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Inflation Linked Notes may be scheduled to provide either (a) a fixed rate adjusted to take 
account of inflation; or (b) inflation linked interest payments at regular intervals throughout 
the life of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of (a) above (i.e. 
a fixed rate of interest adjusted to take account of inflation) the rate of interest payable on 
the Inflation Linked Notes will be linked to the change in the levels of the underlying 
inflation index between an initial reference month and a specified reference month in respect 
of the relevant interest payment date, such reference months to be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of (b) above the rate of interest payable on the Inflation Linked 
Notes will be linked to the change in the levels of the underlying inflation index from one 
reference month to the next reference month, such reference months to be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(v) 
Capped Return 
Interest on Inflation (Interest only) Linked Notes without Capital at Risk, Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes and/or Floating Rate Notes may be capped. In these circumstances,

--- Page 32 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 30 - 
70-40754199 
 
the exposure to the upside performance of the Underlying or the floating rate of interest will 
be limited. Accordingly, investors could forgo interest that could have been made had 
they invested in a product without a similar cap. 
(d) 
Risks in relation to redemption 
(i) 
Notes subject to optional early redemption 
An optional early redemption feature in favour of the Issuer of Notes (an "Issuer Call 
Option") is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. Noteholders should note that a call option creates uncertainty for investors, as to 
whether the Notes will remain outstanding until maturity. 
Accordingly, the return an investor in the Notes may expect to receive on a transfer of 
a Note during any such period may be lower than the return expected by an investor 
in products which cannot be voluntarily redeemed prior to maturity. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Issuer Call Option or an optional redemption 
feature in favour of the Noteholders ("Noteholder Put Option") is applicable, then, upon 
exercise of such option, the relevant Notes will be redeemed at their Optional Redemption 
Amount which may be at par (plus any accrued interest) or at their fair market value or 
another amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may be expected to exercise its call option and redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
(ii) 
Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
Notes which are not capital protected may be issued under the Programme (such Notes being 
expressed to have "capital at risk"). 
The value of such Notes prior to maturity depends on a number of factors including the 
performance of the applicable Underlying (or in respect of the Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes and Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the Underlyings). A deterioration or 
improvement in the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) (as applicable) may 
result in a total or partial loss of the investor's investment in the Notes. 
As such Notes are not capital protected, there is no guarantee that the return on such a Note 
will be greater than or equal to the amount invested in the Notes initially or that an investor's 
initial investment will be returned. As a result of the performance of the relevant Underlying 
or Underlyings (as applicable), an investor may lose all of their initial investment. 
Unlike an investor investing in a savings account or similar investment, where an investor 
may typically expect to receive a low return but suffer little or no loss of their initial 
investment, an investor investing in Notes which are not capital protected may expect to 
potentially receive a higher return but may also expect to potentially suffer a total or partial 
loss of their initial investment. 
(iii) 
Effect of Barrier Condition – Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
The return on Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes and 
Combined Underlying Linked Notes that have capital at risk may be dependent on whether 
or not a condition is satisfied in relation to the relevant Underlying (the "Barrier 
Condition").

--- Page 33 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 31 - 
70-40754199 
 
If specified as applicable, the Barrier Condition will be a condition that the level, price or 
value of the Underlying (or, in respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes or Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes, the relevant Underlying(s) or the average performance of the 
Underlyings (as applicable)) either (i) on a particular valuation date, (ii) during a specified 
observation period or (iii) on specified observation dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) has not fallen below or exceeded (as applicable) a barrier level specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant Barrier Condition is not satisfied investors may receive a return on the Notes 
reduced by the downside or upside (as applicable) performance of the relevant Underlying 
(as further described below in the paragraph entitled "–Possibility of Loss of Investment – 
Notes with Capital at Risk"), and as a result investors may lose all of their initial investment. 
A Barrier Condition that is determined not to have been satisfied by reference to the level, 
price or value of the Underlying(s) on a particular valuation date, during an observation 
period, or on particular observation dates may have been satisfied had the determination been 
made by reference to the performance on alternative valuation or observation dates or in 
relation to an alternative observation period. Accordingly, investors may lose some or all of 
their initial investment as a result of the Barrier Condition being determined for particular 
dates or periods rather than alternative dates or periods. 
(iv) 
Possibility of Loss of Investment – Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
All Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked/Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk (except for Lock-in Call Notes with Capital at 
Risk) 
In relation to all Equity Linked, Index Linked, Fund Linked, Multi Underlying Linked or 
Combined Underlying Linked Notes which are expressed to have capital at risk (except for 
Lock-in Call Notes with Capital at Risk), if at maturity the level, price or value of the 
Underlying (or in respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes and Combined Underlying 
Linked Notes, the relevant Underlying or the average performance of the Underlying(s)), as 
applicable) is above or below (as applicable) a specified threshold and (if specified as 
applicable) the relevant Barrier Condition is not satisfied, the return on the Notes will be 
either: 
A. where the Final Terms specify that "Downside Return 1" is applicable, be reduced in 
proportion (which proportion may be multiplied by a gearing percentage) with the decline 
or increase (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) (known as the "downside"). In these 
circumstances, the return will be less than the initial investment and investors will 
suffer a reduction of their initial investment in proportion (or a proportion multiplied 
by a gearing percentage) with the decline or increase (as applicable) of the level, price 
or value of the Underlying during a specified period or on a specified date. Accordingly 
investors will be fully exposed to the downside or upside (as applicable) of the relevant 
Underlying and, as a result, may lose all of their initial investment; or 
B. where the Final Terms specify that "Downside Return 2" is applicable, an amount 
reduced by the downside or upside performance (as applicable) of the Underlying(s) between 
certain specified levels, prices or values (as applicable) (such levels, prices or values (as 
applicable) being the upper strike and the lower strike respectively), and may be subject to 
gearing. In these circumstances, the return will be less than the initial investment and 
investors will suffer a reduction of their initial investment in proportion (which 
proportion may be multiplied by a gearing percentage) with the decline or increase (as 
applicable) of the level, price or value of the Underlying between the upper strike and 
the lower strike during a specified period or on a specified date. Accordingly investors 
will be exposed to a proportion of the downside or upside (as applicable) of the relevant 
Underlying and, as a result, may lose all of their initial investment. 
Multi Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk - Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with 
Capital at Risk and Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk only

--- Page 34 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 32 - 
70-40754199 
 
In addition to the risk described above in relation to all Equity Linked, Index Linked, Fund 
Linked, Multi Underlying Linked and Combined Underlying Linked Notes, capital may be 
at risk in relation to Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk and Dual 
Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, if at maturity the Underlying specified as the 
"Return Underlying" is above (or equal to) a specified return threshold but the Underlying 
specified as the "Risk Underlying" is below a specified return threshold and, if specified as 
applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied. In these circumstances investors will 
receive their initial investment reduced by any decline of the Risk Underlying (as described 
above) plus an additional return based on the increase of the Return Underlying. In these 
circumstances, the return may be less than the initial investment, and will be less than 
the return the investor would have received had they not been exposed to any downside 
of the Risk Underlying. 
Combined Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
In addition to the risk described above in relation to all Equity Linked, Index Linked, Fund 
Linked, Multi Underlying Linked and Combined Underlying Linked Notes, capital may be 
at risk in relation to Combined Underlying Linked Notes, if at maturity the Underlying 
specified as the "Return Underlying" is above (or equal to) a specified return threshold but 
the Underlying specified as the "Risk Underlying" is below a specified return threshold and, 
if specified as applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied. In these circumstances 
investors will receive their initial investment reduced by any decline of the Risk Underlying 
(as described above) plus an additional return based on the increase of the Return Underlying. 
In these circumstances, the return may be less than the initial investment, and will be 
less than the return the investor would have received had they not been exposed to any 
downside of the Risk Underlying. 
Notes to which Capital Downside is applicable 
In addition to the risk described above in relation to all Equity Linked, Index Linked, Fund 
Linked, Multi Underlying Linked and Combined Underlying Linked Notes, capital may be 
at risk in relation to Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, 
Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk, Bear Notes with Capital at Risk, Bear Notes 
without Capital at Risk or Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk which specify 
"Capital Downside" to be applicable if, at maturity, the performance of the Underlying (or 
in respect of Multi Underlying Linked Notes, the relevant Underlying or the average 
performance of the Underlying(s)) as calculated in accordance with "upside" provisions is 
above (or below, as applicable) a specified return threshold, but the performance of the index 
as calculated in accordance with the "downside" provisions is below (or above, as applicable) 
a specified return threshold and the Barrier Condition, if specified as applicable, is not 
satisfied. In these circumstances investors will receive their initial investment reduced by 
any decline or increase (as applicable) of the Underlying as calculated in accordance with 
the "downside provisions" plus an additional return based on the increase (or decline, as 
applicable) of the Underlying calculated in accordance with the "upside" provisions. In these 
circumstances, the return may be less than the initial investment, and will be less than 
the return the investor would have received had the return been calculated solely by 
reference to the "upside" provisions. 
Inflation Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
In relation to Inflation Linked Notes which are expressed to have capital at risk, if at maturity 
(or on a particular instalment date, as applicable) the level of the inflation index is less than 
its initial level, the return on the Notes will be reduced in proportion with such decline (the 
"downside"). In these circumstances, the return will be less than the initial investment 
and investors will suffer a reduction of their initial investment in proportion with the 
decline of the index level during a specified period or on a specified date. Accordingly 
investors will be fully exposed to the downside of the relevant index and, as a result, 
may lose all of their initial investment

--- Page 35 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 33 - 
70-40754199 
 
(v) 
Limits on Positive Return at maturity  
The amount of positive return on all Underlying Linked Notes payable in the event that the 
relevant Underlying or Underlying(s) has performed positively (i.e. the performance of such 
Underlying(s) have increased or decreased as required by the terms of the relevant 
redemption provisions) will depend in part on the type of formula used to calculate the upside 
return specified in the Final Terms.  
The return on the Notes may either be based on one or more of the following: 
(A) 
an amount equal to the initial investment multiplied by a specified digital return 
percentage; and/or 
(B) 
an amount equal to the initial investment plus one or more multiples of a specified 
digital return percentage; and/or 
(C) 
an amount equal to the initial investment plus an amount based on the increase or 
decrease (as applicable) in the performance of the Underlying(s) (known as the 
"upside"); and/or 
(D) 
in relation to Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk and Out Performance 
Call Notes without Capital at Risk, as determined by reference to the performance 
of the Primary Underlying as compared to the performance of the Comparator 
Underlying; 
Investors may forgo the returns they could have obtained had they invested in a 
product with a different formula applicable to any upside return. Furthermore, if the 
return is subject to a cap and/or a leverage factor less than 100 per cent. or a digital 
return, the investors' exposure to the positive or negative (as applicable) performance 
of the relevant Underlying(s) may be limited. Any upside return will be limited and 
may be lower than the upside investors could have been exposed to had they invested 
in a different type of product. 
(vi) 
Limits on Positive Return – Notes with a Kick-Out feature 
In relation to Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk, 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Phoenix Kick Out Notes without Capital at 
Risk or Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, if the level of the relevant 
index (or in respect of Dual Underlying Linked Kick Out Notes, the Return Underlying) is 
greater than a specified level on certain specified dates, the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed prior to maturity and the return on the Notes will be an amount equal to the initial 
investment multiplied by a specified percentage (always greater than 100 per cent.). In these 
circumstances, although investors will not experience a loss on their investment, they 
may not benefit from the full upside that could be obtained at the time of maturity if 
they had invested the initial investment in a similar product without an automatic early 
redemption feature. 
(vii) 
Limits on Positive Return - Capped Return – Underlying Linked Notes 
The exposure to the Underlying may be capped. In such circumstances, the exposure to the 
upside or downside performance (as applicable) of the relevant Underlying (in respect of 
Multi Underlying Linked Notes and Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the relevant 
Underlying or the average performance of the Underlyings) or the comparative increase of 
the Primary Underlying as compared to the Comparator Underlying will be limited. 
Accordingly, investors could forgo returns could have been made had they invested in 
a product without a similar cap. 
(viii) 
Limits on Positive Return - Strike Percentage may be more than 100 per cent. – Underlying 
Linked Notes 
Depending on the formulae for calculating the return on the Notes specified in the Final 
Terms, the Notes may have a "Strike Percentage" of more than 100 per cent. This means that

--- Page 36 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 34 - 
70-40754199 
 
investors may not be exposed to the full increase of the relevant Underlying from its initial 
level. Accordingly, investors could forgo returns could have been made had they 
invested in a product without a similar feature. 
(ix) 
Leverage / Gearing – Notes which include leverage in the return – Underlying Linked Notes 
Depending on the formulae for calculating the return on the Notes specified in the Final 
Terms, the Notes may have a leveraged exposure to the Underlying(s) (or the comparative 
performance of the Primary Underlying and the Comparator Underlying), in that the 
exposure of each Note to the Underlying(s) (or the comparative performance of the Primary 
Underlying and the Comparator Underlying) may be greater (or less) than the nominal 
amount of the Note. Positive leveraged exposure results in the effect of small price 
movements being magnified and may lead to proportionally greater losses in the value 
of and return on the Notes as compared to an unleveraged exposure. 
If market conditions change, the value of the Notes will be more volatile than if there was 
no leverage. 
In cases where the leverage factor employed is less than 100 per cent., investors will have a 
reduced exposure to the performance of the Underlying and may receive lower returns than 
if their exposure to the Underlying was at 100 per cent. or more. 
(x) 
Return Factor – Return of Initial Investment in relation to Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, 
Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk, Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk, Bear 
Notes with Capital at Risk, Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk, Out Performance Notes 
with Capital at Risk and Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
Certain types of Equity Linked, Index Linked, Fund Linked and Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes (namely Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk, 
Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk, Bear Notes with Capital at Risk, Double Bonus 
Notes with Capital at Risk, Out Performance Notes with Capital at Risk and Upside Notes 
without Capital at Risk) provide for a fixed "Return Factor" to be included in relation to any 
repayment of initial capital. Where such percentage is less than 100 per cent., the return of 
initial capital will be reduced. In certain circumstances this may lead to investors 
suffering a reduction of their initial investment, and may lead to circumstances in 
which investors receive a lower payment if the Underlying performs positively rather 
than negatively. 
There is no minimum level at which the Return Factor may be set and consequently the 
Return Factor may be set at zero. Notes in relation to which the Return Factor is set at zero 
will not return any initial capital. In these circumstances investors will only receive an 
upside payment (if any), and may not receive any return on their investment. 
(xi) 
FX Factors – All Notes 
All Interest and Redemption Amounts 
Interest amounts and/or redemption amounts (including any early redemption amounts 
and/or any Credit Event Redemption Amounts or CDS Event Redemption Amounts (as 
defined in Paragraph 9 (Risks in relation to Credit Linked Notes)) payable in relation to the 
Notes may be subject to an "FX Factor", being a multiplication factor based on any change 
in the exchange rate between two specified currencies over the life of the Note. Where such 
multiplication factor is less than 100 per cent., any such interest or redemption amount may 
be reduced. In these circumstances, investors will receive a lower return and this may 
lead to investors suffering a reduction of their initial investment. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts - Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Phoenix Kick 
Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
Automatic early redemption amounts payable on the types of Notes listed above may be 
subject to an "FX Factor", being a multiplication factor based on any change in the exchange 
rate between two specified currencies over the life of the Note. Where such multiplication

--- Page 37 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 35 - 
70-40754199 
 
factor is less than 100 per cent., such automatic early redemption amount will be reduced. 
In certain circumstances this may lead to investors suffering a reduction of their initial 
investment. 
Upside Return – Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk, 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, Upside 
Notes with Capital at Risk, Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk, Lock-In Call Notes 
with Capital at Risk, Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk, Bear Notes without Capital 
at Risk, Bear Notes with Capital at Risk, Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, 
Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk, Out Performance Call Notes without 
Capital at Risk, Upside Notes without Capital at Risk and Upside Notes without Capital at 
Risk 
Any positive return payable on the types of Notes listed above (whether or not such Notes 
are expressed to have Capital at Risk) may be subject to an "FX Factor", being a 
multiplication factor based on any change in the exchange rate between two specified 
currencies over the life of the Note. Where such multiplication factor is less than 100 per 
cent., any such positive return will be reduced. In these circumstances investors will 
receive lower return than if the FX Factor was 100 per cent or more. 
Return of Initial Investment – Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Phoenix Kick Out Notes 
with Capital at Risk, Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, Geared Booster Notes with Capital 
at Risk, Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk, Bear Notes with Capital at Risk, Dual 
Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at 
Risk and Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Any repayment of initial capital on the types of Notes listed above may be subject to an "FX 
Factor", being a multiplication factor based on any change in the exchange rate between two 
specified currencies over the life of the Note. Where such multiplication factor is less than 
100 per cent., the return of initial capital will be reduced. In certain circumstances this 
may lead to investors suffering a reduction of their initial investment. 
Downside Return – Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, Phoenix Kick Out Notes with 
Capital at Risk, Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, Geared Booster Notes with Capital at 
Risk, Bear Notes with Capital at Risk, Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk, Out 
Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk and Multi Underlying Upside Notes with 
Capital at Risk 
Any downside return (as further discussed in the paragraph entitled "–Possibility of Loss of 
Investment – Underlying Linked Notes with Capital at Risk" above) payable on the types of 
Notes listed above may be subject to an "FX Factor", being a multiplication factor based on 
any change in the exchange rate between two specified currencies over the life of the Note. 
Where such multiplication factor is less than 100 per cent., any downside return will be 
further reduced. In these circumstances, investors will suffer a higher reduction of their 
initial investment. 
(xii) 
FX Disruption 
If an FX Factor applies in relation to Notes, investors in such Notes are subject to the risk 
that a "Price Source Disruption" may occur. A Price Source Disruption will occur on any 
date that the Calculation Agent is obliged to determine an exchange rate in accordance with 
the provisions specified in the Final Terms and such exchange rate is not available for any 
reason. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Price Source Disruption has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may postpone the relevant fixing date for up to five FX Business Days, 
after which the Calculation Agent shall instead determine the relevant exchange rate by 
reference to the rate of exchange published by available recognised financial information 
vendors.

--- Page 38 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 36 - 
70-40754199 
 
If the Calculation Agent postpones any fixing date following the occurrence of a Price Source 
Disruption, the due date for any payments or delivery in respect of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any interest payment date, the maturity date or automatic early 
redemption date) may also be postponed. 
Risks related to Equity Linked, Index Linked and Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
(a) 
Disruption 
(i) 
Disrupted Days 
Investors in Equity Linked, Index Linked or Multi Underlying Linked Notes are subject to 
the risk that a "Disrupted Day" may occur in relation to an Underlying. A Disrupted Day 
may occur in respect of the Notes if, as determined by the Calculation Agent, a stock 
exchange or related stock exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, 
an index sponsor fails to publish the level of an index or a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, or if an index sponsor fails to publish the level of an index. 
A "ent" may occur if, as determined by the Calculation Agent, a stock exchange or related 
stock exchange closes early without notice; limitations are imposed on trading; trading is 
suspended; or market participants are prevented from obtaining valuations or effecting 
transactions. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred on a valuation date 
for the Underlying, the Calculation Agent may postpone such valuation date to a later date 
which is not a Disrupted Day (subject to a maximum postponement period). 
(ii) 
Postponement of Payments following a Disrupted Day 
If the Calculation Agent postpones any valuation date following the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the due date for any payments or delivery in respect of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any interest payment date, the maturity date or automatic early 
redemption date) may also be postponed. 
(b) 
Adjustments in respect of Share Underlyings 
If certain events occur in respect of a share underlying (such as a merger, a takeover or tender offer, 
delisting, nationalisation or transfer to a governmental agency or the insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
issuer of such share), the Calculation Agent may take certain actions, such as adjusting certain terms 
and conditions of the Notes or redeeming the Notes at their early redemption amount. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption, investors may suffer a loss of some or all of 
their investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant Underlying(s) that 
may occur following such redemption or termination. 
(c) 
Adjustments in respect of Index Underlyings 
If certain events occur in relation to an index underlying (such as a replacement of the index by a 
successor index, a material modification to the index or a cancellation of the index), the Calculation 
Agent may take certain actions, such as adjusting certain terms and conditions of the Notes or 
redeeming the Notes at their early redemption amount. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption, investors may suffer a loss of some or all of 
their investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant Underlying(s) that 
may occur following such redemption or termination. 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event provisions 
Prospective investors in Equity Linked, Index Linked and Multi Underlying Linked Notes should 
note that if certain "Additional Disruption Events" (such as a change in law, hedging disruption, 
increased cost of hedging, insolvency filing, ETF modification, strategy breach, regulatory action or

--- Page 39 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 37 - 
70-40754199 
 
cross contamination), the Calculation Agent may take certain actions, such as adjusting certain terms 
and conditions of the Notes or redeeming the Notes at their early redemption amount. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption, investors may suffer a loss of some or all of 
their investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant Underlying(s) that 
may occur following such redemption or termination. 
(e) 
Settlement by way of physical delivery of the relevant Underlying (Equity Linked Notes only) 
(i) 
Conditions to settlement 
If the Notes are to be settled by way of physical settlement, the Issuer's obligation to deliver 
the relevant property is subject to conditions to settlement, including, without limitation, an 
obligation on the Noteholder to deliver to the Issuer a transfer notice within the prescribed 
time frame. No delivery will be made in respect of a physically settled Note unless the Issuer 
has received the required instructions, certifications and information and, where applicable, 
the relevant Note has been delivered and surrendered in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Exposure to value of shares and transfer expenses 
Where Notes are physically settled rather than cash settled, Noteholders will be exposed to 
the issuer of such delivered assets. Noteholders may not be able to sell such delivered assets 
for a specific price and the delivered assets may have a very low value or may in fact be 
worthless. Noteholders may also be subject to documentary or stamp taxes and/or other 
charges in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such assets. Settlement is subject to 
satisfaction of all settlement costs by the holder. 
(iii) 
Settlement disruption risk 
Certain settlement disruption events may occur which could restrict the Issuer's ability to 
deliver the Underlying, and the date of delivery of payments and/or entitlements could be 
delayed accordingly. Where the delivery of the relevant entitlement using the method of 
delivery specified in the terms and conditions of the Notes is impossible or impracticable by 
reason of a "settlement disruption event" having occurred, such date will be postponed and 
the Issuer also has the right to either (i) deliver some or all of the entitlement in any 
commercially reasonable manner, or (ii) pay an amount in lieu of delivering the relevant 
entitlement. Such a disruption event and related determinations may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Inflation Linked Notes 
(a) 
Cancellation in respect of Inflation Index 
If there is a cancellation of the Inflation Index, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at their early 
redemption amount. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption, investors may suffer a loss of some or all of 
their investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant Underlying(s) that 
may occur following such redemption or termination. 
(b) 
Additional Disruption Event provisions 
Prospective investors in the Inflation Linked Notes should note that if certain "Additional 
Disruption Events" (such as a change in law, hedging disruption or increased cost of hedging), the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes at their early redemption amount. 
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption, investors may suffer a loss of some or all of 
their investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant Underlying(s) that 
may occur following such redemption or termination.

--- Page 40 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 38 - 
70-40754199 
 
Risks related to Combined Underlying Linked Notes 
Combined Underlying Linked Notes have a combination of inflation-based and equity and/or index based 
Underlyings. Consequently, investors in Combined Underlying Linked Notes should read the sections 
entitled "Risk in relation to Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes" and 
"Risks in relation to Inflation Linked Notes". 
Risks related to Fund Linked Notes 
Investors in Fund-Linked Notes are subject to the risk that an "Extraordinary Fund Event" may occur in 
relation to the relevant fund, including but not limited to the following: 
(i) 
the relevant fund is (or is to be) wound-up or similar, or makes a restructuring arrangement with its 
creditors or certain insolvency proceedings or similar are commenced against the fund; 
(ii) 
breach by the relevant fund of any applicable leverage restriction or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the fund or any of its assets; 
(iii) 
resignation, termination or replacement of the fund adviser; 
(iv) 
any change or modification of the fund documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the 
value of the fund interests or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof from those prevailing on 
the Issue Date; 
(v) 
any breach of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the fund documents that is reasonably 
likely to affect the value of the fund interests or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof; 
(vi) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund Interests or the 
fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the fund interests or the 
fund; 
(viii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the fund or the fund adviser that 
is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the fund interests or on any investor 
therein; 
(ix) 
the relevant fund becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged breach of applicable law for any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the fund; 
(x) 
it becomes impractical or impossible for the Calculation Agent to be able to determine the value of 
the fund interests in the fund and this is likely to continue for the foreseeable future, or if there is 
an information failure which would make it difficult to monitor the fund; and/or 
(xiii) 
the index underlying a fund is cancelled, or there is a material change in the formula or method of 
calculating the underlying index or other material modification of the relevant index, or the index 
sponsor fails to calculate and announce the underlying index. 
Following the occurrence of such event ("Extraordinary Fund Event"), the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustments to or substitutions for the affected fund interests as the Calculation Agent may determine 
or the Calculation Agent may determine that the relevant Notes shall  
Upon the occurrence of such an early redemption, investors may suffer a loss of some or all of their 
investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant Underlying(s) that may occur 
following such redemption or termination.  
Class of Investments 
Prospective purchasers or investors should note that funds may have legal or other discretions in relation 
to their investments and no assurance can be given that the exercise of such discretions will achieve the 
investment objectives of such funds.  Therefore, there is a risk that return on an investment in funds may 
not be achieved.  This would have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and any amounts payable 
thereunder.

--- Page 41 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 39 - 
70-40754199 
 
Investment Risk 
There can be no assurance that any fund will achieve its investment objectives.  The investment income of 
each fund is based on the income earned on the securities it holds, less expenses incurred.  Therefore, the 
funds' investment income may be expected to fluctuate in response to changes in such expenses or income 
and this may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and any amounts payable thereunder. 
High yield 
Some reference funds may invest in high yield securities.  High yield securities are typically medium or 
lower rated securities and are sometimes referred to as "junk bonds".  Such securities are more likely to 
react to developments affecting market and credit risk than are more highly rated securities, which primarily 
react to movements in the general level of interest rates.  The risk of loss due to default by issuers of high 
yield securities is significantly greater because lower rated and unrated securities of comparable quality 
generally are unsecured and frequently are subordinated to the prior payment of senior indebtedness.  In 
addition, funds which invest in such securities may find it more difficult to sell high yield securities or may 
be able to sell the securities only at prices lower than if such securities were widely traded.  Furthermore, 
such funds may experience difficulty in valuing certain securities at certain times.  Prices realised upon the 
sale of such lower rated (or unrated) securities, under these circumstances, may be less than the prices used 
in calculating the value of such funds.  All such risks could adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
funds which invest in high yield securities. 
No input from Fund Service Provider 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Fund Linked Notes and the Issuer has not carried out any investigation or 
enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such issuer of 
fund interests contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was 
extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
that would affect the trading price of the fund interests will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent 
disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning 
such an issuer of fund interests could affect the trading price of the fund interests and therefore the trading 
price of the Notes. 
Risks related to Credit Linked Notes 
In addition to the return on the Notes having the payout features discussed above, the Notes may be linked 
to the credit of one or more entities referred to as a "Reference Entity", being a specified financial 
institution, corporation and/or any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof (such Notes being "Credit Linked Notes"). 
The applicable Final Terms for the Credit Linked Notes will specify the portion of such Notes which are 
subject to credit linkage (the "Credit Linked Portion"). 
Credit Linked Notes may be linked to a single Reference Entity specified in the applicable Final Terms 
("Single Name CLNs"), to two or more Reference Entities specified in the applicable Final Terms ("Basket 
CLNs") or a number of Reference Entities determined by reference to an index ("Index CLNs"). The 
applicable Final Terms for Basket CLNs and Index CLNs will specify the percentage of the Credit Linked 
Portion (the "Relevant Portion") linked to each Reference Entity (such percentage the "Reference Entity 
Weighting"). 
Alternately, the Credit Linked Notes may be "Tranched CLNs". Tranched CLNs may be linked to two or 
more Reference Entities specified in the applicable Final Terms or a number of Reference Entities 
determined by reference to an index. However, unlike Basket CLNs or Index CLNs, no part of the investor's 
initial investment will be at risk unless Reference Entities (each of which will be assigned an initial 
weighting) representing a specified percentage of the Credit Linked Portion are subject to a Credit Event 
or CDS Event (as applicable and as discussed below) (such specified proportion of Reference Entities 
becoming subject to a Credit Event or CDS Event (as applicable) being a "Tranched CLN Trigger 
Event"). 
In relation to Tranched CLNs:

--- Page 42 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 40 - 
70-40754199 
 
(i)  
if "Equal Weighting" is specified to be applicable in relation to the Notes, then on the 
occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event, an equally weighted percentage portion of 
the Credit Linked Portion will be credit linked to each of the Reference Entities in relation 
to which no Credit Event or CDS (as applicable) has occurred as at the date of such 
Tranched CLN Trigger Event (such portion being the "Relevant Portion"); and 
(ii)  
if "Fixed CLN Percentage" is specified to be applicable in relation to the Notes, if any of 
the Reference Entities not subject to a Credit Event or CDS Event (as applicable) as at the 
date of the Tranched CLN Trigger Event becomes subject to a Credit Event or CDS Event 
(as applicable) following such Tranched CLN Trigger Event, a fixed percentage portion 
of the Credit Linked Portion (such portion being the "Relevant Portion") will be deemed 
to have been linked to such Reference Entity at the time such Credit Event or CDS Event 
(as applicable) occurred. 
Credit Linkage may take one of two forms – simplified credit linkage ("Simplified Credit Linkage") (as 
further described in paragraph (c)(i) below) or ISDA credit linkage ("ISDA Credit Linkage") (as further 
described in paragraph (c)(ii) below), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Credit Linked Notes are complex financial instruments. An investment in such Notes will entail significant 
risks not associated with conventional fixed or floating rate debt securities which do not contain such Credit 
Linkage feature. Credit Linked Notes are not capital protected and investors may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their initial investment. 
(a) 
Reference Entities 
Reference Entities will be one or more financial institutions, corporations and/or any state, political 
subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof, about which there is available 
public information. No investigation has been or will be made regarding any of the Reference 
Entities. Prospective investors in Credit Linked Notes should consider the risks relating to Reference 
Entities as if they were investing directly in the debt obligations of the Reference Entities. In 
addition, investors should understand that the historical performance of any specific debt obligation 
or the debt obligations of such Reference Entities generally is not predictive of future performance. 
The Reference Entities have not participated in the preparation of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms. The Final Terms will provide details of where information on the Reference Entity can 
be obtained, however, there is a risk that such information will not contain all material facts 
or information regarding the Reference Entities. 
(b) 
Increased credit exposure 
The redemption amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Notes is determined by reference 
to the credit of the Reference Entity or Reference Entities. In addition to being exposed to the risk 
of insolvency of the Issuer, investors in (i) Credit Linked Notes with simplified credit linkage will 
also be exposed to the risk (as selected in the application Final Terms) that the Reference Entity (a) 
becomes insolvent, (b) defaults on its payment obligations, (c) is the subject of governmental 
intervention or a restructuring of its debt obligations, (d) is subject to acceleration of its debt 
obligations or such debt obligations are capable of being declared due and payable and/or (e) a 
Repudiation/Moratorium (as defined in the Terms) (each as more fully described in the relevant 
Terms, a "Credit Event"), or (ii) Credit Linked Notes with ISDA credit linkage becomes subject to 
a CDS event (broadly speaking, becomes insolvent, fails to pay amounts due on obligations or is 
subject to a restructuring of debt obligations in a manner that is detrimental to creditors) (a "CDS 
Event"). Therefore, investors in Credit Linked Notes, in addition to exposure to the credit of 
the Issuer, will also be exposed to the credit of the specified Reference Entity(ies). Accordingly, 
the redemption amount payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes may be substantially 
reduced.

--- Page 43 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 41 - 
70-40754199 
 
(c) 
Credit Linkage may take one of two forms: Simplified Credit Linkage or ISDA Credit Linkage, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Simplified Credit Linkage 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Simplified Credit Linkage is applicable in relation 
to a Series of Notes, and one (or more) of the specified Reference Entities are the subject of 
a Credit Event, the Calculation Agent may give notice (a "Credit Event Notice") of the 
occurrence of such credit event (a "Credit Event"). 
(A) 
if the Notes are Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs, the Redemption Amount of 
the Relevant Portion of the Note will be determined by multiplying the fair and 
reasonable value of such Relevant Portion by the "Recovery Rate" assigned to the 
Reference Entity(ies), in accordance with the provisions of Additional Terms for 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(B) 
if the Notes are Tranched CLNs, if Credit Event Notices are delivered in relation 
Reference Entities (each of which will be assigned an initial weighting) 
representing a specified percentage of the Credit Linked Portion, a "Tranched 
CLN Trigger Event" will occur. Following the occurrence of such Tranched CLN 
Trigger Event, if a Credit Event Notice is delivered in relation to any Reference 
Entity in relation to which no Credit Event has previously occurred, then the 
Redemption Amount of the Relevant Portion of the Note relating to such Reference 
Entity will be zero. 
If one or more Reference Entities is subject to a Credit Event (or, in relation to Tranched 
CLN, subject to a Credit Event after the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event) an 
investor in such Notes may receive considerably less than the amount paid by such 
investor for the Notes, irrespective of the performance of any Underlying. If (i) in 
relation to a Single Name CLN, the Reference Entity is subject to a Credit Event, (ii) 
in relation to a Basket or Index CLN, all of the Reference Entities are subject to a Credit 
Event, or (iii) in relation to a Tranched CLN, a Tranched CLN Trigger Event and 
subsequently a Credit Event has occurred in relation to (i) where "Equal Weighting" is 
specified, all the remaining Reference Entities, and (ii) where "Fixed Recovery" is 
specified, a number of Reference Entities which depends on the percentage of the Notes 
specified to be lost in relation to each Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, 
investors in such Notes may lose all of their investment in the Credit Linked Portion of 
the Note. 
Recovery Rate in relation to Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs and Parallel Credit Linkage 
The Recovery Rate is either: 
(A) 
if "General Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a rate or 
percentage determined in accordance with a market standard auction process for the 
debt obligations of the relevant Reference Entity (or, if no such auction is held, 
pursuant to market standard fallback valuation provisions); or 
(B) 
if "Zero Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, zero; or 
(C) 
if "Fixed Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed 
recovery percentage specified in such applicable Final Terms. 
If a "General Recovery Rate" is specified and such Recovery Rate in respect of a 
Reference Entity is less than 100 per cent., an investor may get back less than their 
initial investment in relation to the Relevant Portion. 
If a "Zero Recovery Rate" is specified in respect of a Reference Entity, an investor will 
receive zero in relation to the Relevant Portion.

--- Page 44 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 42 - 
70-40754199 
 
If a "Fixed Recovery Rate" is specified and such Recovery Rate in respect of a 
Reference Entity is less than 100 per cent., an investor may get back less than their 
initial investment in relation to the Relevant Portion. 
Investors should note that where "General Recovery Rate" is specified, the Recovery Rate 
in respect of a Reference Entity will be determined by reference to an auction coordinated 
by ISDA in respect of certain obligations of the Reference Entity(ies) or, in certain 
circumstances, including if such an auction is not held, a market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The level of seniority of the obligations of a Reference Entity used to determine the Recovery 
Rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where, following the Issue Date, 
circumstances arise that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent would make it impossible 
or impractical to maintain a credit derivative transaction referencing obligations of the level 
of seniority initially set out in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will select a 
replacement level of seniority which the Calculation Agent acting reasonably and taking into 
account all relevant factors (including any common or established market practice), deems 
to be most appropriate to replace the originally specified level of seniority. 
Accordingly, the redemption amount payable in respect of Relevant Portion of the Note may 
be different from the return that investors would have received had they been holding a 
particular debt instrument issued by the specified Reference Entity. 
Postponement of Payment of Redemption Amount – Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs and 
Parallel Credit Linkage 
If, prior to the Maturity Date of a Series of Credit Linked Notes with simplified Credit 
Linkage, a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity(ies), 
payment of the redemption amount in respect of the Relevant Portion(s) linked to the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) may be delayed by up to 60 calendar days plus five business days. 
Cessation of accrual of Interest – all interest bearing CLNs 
Interest (if any) on the Relevant Portion of the Notes shall cease to accrue from Interest (if 
any) on the Relevant Portion of the Notes shall cease to accrue from (but excluding) the 
Interest Accrual Cessation Date, which will be specified in the Final Terms either as (i) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Notice Date or, in the case 
of a Credit Event Notice Date occurring during the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, (ii) the date on which the Credit Event occurred (as specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice) (in each case, in respect of Tranched CLNs, in relation to a 
Credit Event occurring after the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event only), or (iii) 
the Maturity Date. Cessation of accrual of interest prior to the Maturity Date may impact any 
Notes that pay an interest amount and an investor in these Notes may receive a lower return. 
ISDA Credit Linkage 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that ISDA Credit Linkage is applicable in relation to a 
Series of Notes, and one (or more) of the specified Reference Entities becomes subject to a 
CDS event (broadly speaking, becomes insolvent, fails to pay amounts due on obligations or 
is subject to a restructuring of debt obligations in a manner that is detrimental to creditors) 
(a "CDS Event"), then the Calculation Agent may give notice (a "CDS Event Notice") of 
the occurrence of such CDS Event. 
(A) 
If the Notes are Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs, the Redemption Amount of 
the Relevant Portion of the Note will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner as: 
(1) 
if "Option A" is specified as applicable in relation to CDS Event 
Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the 
"Adjusted Fair Market Value" of the Relevant Portion (or 100 per cent. 
of the Note, as applicable) (being the fair market value of the Notes, or 
proportion of the relevant Notes (as applicable), less any costs, expenses,

--- Page 45 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 43 - 
70-40754199 
 
fees, or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates in respect of 
amending or liquidating any financial instruments or transactions entered 
into in connection with the Notes) and the "Recovery Rate" (being an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Additional Terms for Credit Linked Notes); or 
(2) 
if "Option B" is specified as applicable in relation to CDS Event 
Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the 
outstanding notional amount of the Relevant Portion of the Note and the 
"Recovery Rate" (being an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the Additional Terms for Credit Linked Notes) less any 
costs, expenses, fees, or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
in respect of amending or liquidating any financial instruments or 
transactions entered into in connection with the Notes. 
(B) 
If the Notes are Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs, the Redemption Amount of 
the Relevant Portion of the Note will be determined by multiplying the fair and 
reasonable value of such Relevant Portion by the "Recovery Rate" assigned to the 
Reference Entity(ies), in accordance with the provisions of Additional Terms for 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
If the Notes are Tranched CLNs, if CDS Event Notices are delivered in relation 
Reference Entities (which may not be equally weighted) representing a specified 
percentage of the Credit Linked Portion, a "Tranched CLN Trigger Event" will 
occur. Following the occurrence of such Tranched CLN Trigger Event, if a Credit 
Event Notice is delivered in relation to any Reference Entity in relation to which no 
CDS Event has previously occurred, then the Redemption Amount of the Relevant 
Portion of the Note relating to such Reference Entity will be zero. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Relevant Portion of the Notes will 
redeem (and the Redemption Amount will, subject to further adjustment, be payable) on (i) 
the originally scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes or (ii) the date falling three Business 
Days after the date on which payments would be settled under a notional credit derivative 
transaction referencing the Reference Entity (the "CDS Event Redemption Date"). 
If one or more Reference Entities is subject to a CDS Event (or, in relation to a Tranched 
CLN, subject to a CDS Event after the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event) an 
investor in such Notes may receive considerably less than the amount paid by such 
investor for the Notes, irrespective of the performance of any Underlying. If (i) in 
relation to a Single Name CLN, the Reference Entity is subject to a CDS Event, (ii) in 
relation to a Basket or Index CLN, all of the Reference Entities are subject to a CDS 
Event, or (iii) in relation to a Tranched CLN, a Tranched CLN Trigger Event and 
subsequently a CDS Event has occurred in relation to (i) where "Equal Weighting" is 
specified, all the remaining Reference Entities, and (ii) where "Fixed Recovery" is 
specified, a number of Reference Entities which depends on the percentage of the Notes 
specified to be lost in relation to each CDS Event in the applicable Final Terms,, 
investors in such Notes may lose some or all of their investment in the Credit Linked 
Portion of the Note. 
Parallel Credit Linkage 
If the Parallel Credit Linkage Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable to the Notes, in addition to being linked to the credit of the Reference Entities, 
100 per cent. of the Notes will also be linked to the credit of a parallel credit reference entity 
(the "Parallel Credit Reference Entity"). Following the giving of a CDS Event Notice in 
respect of the Parallel Credit Reference Entity, the Redemption Amount payable in respect 
of the Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(A) 
if "Option A" is specified as applicable in relation to CDS Event Redemption 
Amount in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the "Adjusted Fair Market

--- Page 46 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 44 - 
70-40754199 
 
Value" of the Relevant Portion (or 100 per cent. of the Note, as applicable) (being 
the fair market value of the Notes, or proportion of the relevant Notes (as 
applicable), less any costs, expenses, fees, or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of 
its affiliates in respect of amending or liquidating any financial instruments or 
transactions entered into in connection with the Notes) and the "Recovery Rate" in 
respect of the Parallel Credit Reference Entity (being an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Additional Terms for Credit Linked 
Notes); or 
(B) 
if "Option B" is specified as applicable in relation to CDS Event Redemption 
Amount in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the outstanding notional 
amount of the Relevant Portion of the Note and the "Recovery Rate" in respect of 
the Parallel Credit Reference Entity (being an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Additional Terms for Credit Linked Notes) 
less any costs, expenses, fees, or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
in respect of amending or liquidating any financial instruments or transactions 
entered into in connection with the Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify a CDS Event Redemption Date for Parallel Credit 
Linkage which may differ from the CDS Event Redemption Date specified in respect of the 
Reference Entities. 
If the Parallel Credit Reference Entity is subject to a CDS Event, an investor in such Notes 
may receive considerably less than the amount paid by such investor for the Notes, 
irrespective of the performance of any Underlying and there is a risk that an investor's 
return on the Note may be zero. 
Recovery Rate in relation to Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs and Parallel Credit Linkage 
(A) 
if "General Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a rate or 
percentage determined in accordance with a market standard auction process for the 
debt obligations of the relevant Reference Entity (or, if no such auction is held, 
pursuant to market standard fallback valuation provisions); or 
(B) 
if "Specific Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a rate or 
percentage that represents the market value of a specified debt obligation (the 
"Reference Obligation") (as specified in the Final Terms) of the Reference Entity 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C) 
if "Zero Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, zero; or 
(D) 
if "Fixed Recovery Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed 
recovery percentage specified in such applicable Final Terms. 
If either a "General" or "Specific" Recovery Rate is specified and such Recovery Rate 
in respect of a Reference Entity is less than 100 per cent., an investor may get back less 
than their initial investment in relation to the Relevant Portion. If either a "General" 
or "Specific" Recovery Rate is specified and such Recovery Rate in respect of the 
Parallel Credit Reference Entity is less than 100 per cent., an investor may get back 
less than their initial investment in relation to the entire Note. 
If a "Zero Recovery Rate" is specified in respect of a Reference Entity, an investor will 
receive zero in relation to the Relevant Portion. If a "Zero Recovery Rate" is specified 
in respect of a Parallel Credit Reference Entity, an investor will receive zero in relation 
to the entire Note. 
If a "Fixed Recovery Rate" is specified and such Recovery Rate in respect of a 
Reference Entity is less than 100 per cent., an investor may get back less than their 
initial investment in relation to the Relevant Portion. If a "Fixed Recovery Rate" is 
specified and such Recovery Rate in respect of a Parallel Reference Entity is less than 
100 per cent., an investor may get back less than their initial investment in relation to 
the entire Note.

--- Page 47 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 45 - 
70-40754199 
 
Investors should note that where no particular debt instrument is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for the purposes of determining the Recovery Rate the redemption amount 
payable in respect of the Relevant Portion of each Note with a Credit Linkage feature may 
be different from the return that investors would have received had they been holding a 
particular debt instrument issued by the specified Reference Entity. 
Where no particular debt instrument is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of 
seniority of the obligations of a Reference Entity used to determine the General Recovery 
Rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where, following the Issue Date, 
circumstances arise that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent would make it impossible 
or impractical to maintain a credit derivative transaction referencing obligations of the level 
of seniority initially set out in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will select a 
replacement level of seniority which the Calculation Agent, acting reasonably and taking 
into account all relevant factors (including any common or established market practice), 
deems to be most appropriate to replace the originally specified level of seniority. 
Investors should note that where a particular debt instrument is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for the purposes of determining the Recovery Rate the redemption amount 
payable in respect of the Relevant Portion of each Note with Credit Linkage may be different 
from the return that investors would have received had they been holding that debt instrument 
or another debt instrument issued by the specified Reference Entity. 
Recovery Rate Gearing - Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs and Parallel Credit Linkage 
Additionally, if the Final Terms specify that the Recovery Rate is subject to gearing, the 
Recovery Rate will be reduced by the gearing percentage specified in the Final Terms 
(subject to a floor of zero). As a result an investor will get back less than their initial 
investment in relation to the Relevant Portion (or the Note, as applicable) and there is 
a risk that an investor's return may be substantially reduced or reduced to zero. 
Extension of Maturity - Single Name, Basket or Index CLNs and Parallel Credit Linkage 
At any time prior to the Maturity Date of Credit Linked Notes with ISDA Credit Linkage, 
Noteholders may receive notice (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) that the 
Maturity Date of the Notes is to be extended in line with notice timeframes under market 
standard documents for credit protection in relation to the relevant Reference Entity relating 
to any Relevant Portion of a Note, to determine whether or not a credit event had occurred 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity prior to maturity. Accordingly, investors may 
not receive the redemption payment relating to the Relevant Portion of the Note linked 
to the Reference Entity, until such time as it is determined whether or not a credit event 
occurred prior to the maturity date in relation to the debt obligations of the Reference 
Entity. 
Postponement of Payment of Redemption Amount - All CLNs 
If, prior to the Maturity Date of a Series of Credit Linked Notes with ISDA Credit Linkage, 
a CDS Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity(ies), payment of the 
redemption amount in respect of the Relevant Portion(s) linked to the relevant Reference 
Entity(ies) may be postponed until the relevant redemption amount can be established. 
Reference Obligations may consist of subordinated debt – All CLNs 
Any Reference Obligations specified in the applicable Final Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
or the obligations deemed to be referenced by the relevant Notional CDS in relation to a 
Reference Entity may include debt obligations, which are described as subordinated. Such 
subordinated debt obligations will rank junior to, and the value of such subordinated debt 
obligations may be less than that of, senior obligations in respect of the same issuer, and the 
value of such subordinated debt obligations may even be zero in circumstances where a credit 
event has occurred. The Issuer is under no fiduciary duty to select reference assets of any 
particular value or that maximise value for Noteholders. The applicable Final Terms will

--- Page 48 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 46 - 
70-40754199 
 
specify the relevant criteria in respect of any subordinated debt obligation that is a Reference 
Obligation. 
Cessation of accrual of Interest – All interest bearing CLNs 
Interest (if any) on the Relevant Portion of the Notes (or, in the case of a Note in which the 
Parallel Credit Linkage Provisions are specified to be applicable, 100 per cent. of Notes) 
shall cease to accrue from (but excluding) the Interest Accrual Cessation Date which will be 
specified as either (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Event 
Determination Date or, in the case of an Event Determination Date occurring during the first 
Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date, (ii) the date specified in the CDS Event 
Notice as the date on which the Credit Event triggering the relevant Event Determination 
Date (each term as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) (in each case, in respect of 
Tranched CLNs, in relation to Credit Event occurring after the occurrence of a Tranched 
CLN Trigger Event only) occurred, or (iii) the CDS Event Redemption Date, Cessation of 
accrual of interest prior to the originally scheduled Maturity Date may impact any Notes that 
pay an interest amount and an investor in these Notes may receive a lower return. 
Interest Postponement – All interest bearing CLNs 
At any time, Noteholders of Credit Linked Notes with ISDA Credit Linkage may receive 
notice (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) that a payment of interest scheduled to 
be paid on any date in respect of any Relevant Portion of a Note (or, in the case of a Note in 
which the Parallel Credit Linkage Provisions are specified to be applicable, 100 per cent. of 
Notes) is to be suspended, where the Calculation Agent determines that a CDS Event has or 
may have taken place in relation to the relevant Reference Entity (or, in the case of a Note 
in which the Parallel Credit Linkage Provisions are specified to be applicable, the Parallel 
Credit Reference Entity) whereupon such interest payment shall be suspended in accordance 
with the terms of such notice. No additional interest is payable and no adjustment is to 
be made in connection with such delay or postponement. 
(d) 
Credit Linked FX Factors 
Redemption Amounts payable on the Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or CDS Event 
may be subject to an "FX Factor", being a multiplication factor based on any change in the exchange 
rate between two specified currencies over the life of the Note. Where such multiplication factor is 
less than 100 per cent., any such interest or redemption amount may be reduced. In these 
circumstances, investors will receive a lower return and this may lead to investors suffering a 
reduction of their initial investment. 
Investors in Credit Linked Notes which are subject to an FX Factor should be aware of the risks in 
relation to FX Disruption set out in paragraph 4(e)(xi) (FX Disruption) above. 
(e) 
A Reference Entity may be replaced by a successor 
In circumstances where there has been a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or 
liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event (a "Succession Event") in respect of such 
Reference Entity, a successor (or, in relation to Credit Linked Notes with ISDA Credit Linkage, one 
or more successors) to such Reference Entity (each a "Successor") may be determined. 
This would potentially include a situation where, pursuant to the Financial Services (Banking 
Reform) Act 2013, the retail banking activities of a Reference Entity are moved into a legally distinct, 
operationally separate and economically separate and independent entity (so-called "ring fencing") 
or as a result of the exercise by the relevant authorities of resolution powers under the Banking Act 
2009 of the United Kingdom in circumstances where a Reference Entity is in financial difficulties. 
(i) 
Simplified Credit Linkage 
In relation to Credit Linked Notes with Simplified Credit Linkage, following a Succession 
Event the Calculation Agent may specify a Successor. In doing so, the Calculation Agent is 
obliged to act in a commercially reasonable manner, and is entitled to take into account any

--- Page 49 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 47 - 
70-40754199 
 
hedging position or arrangement that the Issuer or any of its affiliates may have entered into 
in connection with the Notes, but is not required to take into account the interests of the 
holders of any Notes. In circumstances where, prior to a Succession Event, the relevant 
Reference Entity was carrying on business as an authorised deposit-taker, the Calculation 
Agent is required, to the extent possible, to specify as the Successor a successor entity which 
is not carrying on business as an authorised deposit-taker, or in the event that this is not 
possible, the successor entity for which such deposit-taking business is the least significant 
part of its business. 
(ii) 
ISDA Credit Linkage 
In relation to Credit Linked Notes with ISDA Credit Linkage, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that any one or more "Successor" (as such term is defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) would be determined under the relevant Notional CDS, in which 
case such entity or entities will be Successors for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Where more than one Successor is identified in relation to a Reference Entity, the portion of 
the Note linked to such Reference Entity will be split equally between the Successors, which 
may mean investors are exposed to a greater number of Reference Entities than were 
included in the original portfolio. 
It is possible that (in relation to Credit Linked Notes with either Simplified or ISDA Credit 
Linkage) the creditworthiness of a Successor will be less than that of the original Reference 
Entity. In these circumstances there may be a greater risk of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or CDS Event (as applicable) in respect of the Successor than may have existed 
in respect of the original Reference Entity and, accordingly, investors may be exposed 
to a greater risk of a reduced return on their investment or of suffering a loss in these 
circumstances. 
(f) 
Correlation risk 
The likelihood of a Credit Event or a CDS Event occurring in respect of any Reference Entity will 
generally fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition of such Reference Entity, 
general economic conditions, the condition of financial markets, political events, developments and 
trends in a particular industry and prevailing interest rates. With respect to Credit Linked Notes 
which are linked to more than one Reference Entity, such Reference Entities are likely to be entities 
operating in the same industry and/or geographical area (for example, banks or financial institutions 
operating in the UK). Accordingly, a credit deterioration in one Reference Entity may be strongly 
correlated with the credit deterioration of the other Reference Entities. If one Reference Entity is 
negatively affected by certain market conditions, such market conditions are likely to also affect the 
other Reference Entities and/or the Issuer. This may result in substantial decreases in the return 
payable on such Credit Linked Note over a short period of time as more than one Reference 
Entity and possibly also the Issuer is affected by the same market conditions. Furthermore, 
the occurrence of a Credit Event or a CDS Event in relation to one Reference Entity may 
exacerbate market conditions and contribute to the credit deterioration of the other relevant 
Reference Entities and/or the Issuer. 
(g) 
Issuer need not suffer or prove financial loss with respect to any Reference Entity 
With respect to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer may but is not required under the terms of the deed 
relating to such Credit Linked Notes ("Trust Deed") to purchase debt securities of the relevant 
Reference Entities to post as collateral. Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer may post cash, 
government debt obligations and/or debt obligations of the relevant Reference Entities and 
accordingly the Collateral Pool for such Credit Linked Notes may not in fact include debt instruments 
of one or more of the relevant Reference Entities. Following the delivery of a Credit Event Notice 
or a CDS Event Notice with respect to any Reference Entity, the return payable to an investor 
in the Credit Linked Notes will be reduced and may be reduced substantially but there is no 
need for the Issuer to suffer any loss or provide evidence of financial loss in such instances.

--- Page 50 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 48 - 
70-40754199 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Subordinated Notes (including Subordinated Capital Notes) 
will rank behind Senior Notes and in particular the payment obligations of the Issuer under (a) Additional 
Tier 1 Notes will rank behind Senior Notes and Tier 2 Notes and (b) Tier 2 Notes will rank behind Senior 
Notes. Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, 
subject to the Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to the relevant Subordinated Capital Notes, rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and (save for certain debts accorded preferential rights 
by law) at least pari passu with all other Subordinated Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 3.8).   
See Condition 3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes for a full description of subordination 
and the payment obligations of the Issuer under Subordinated Notes. 
With regard to any Subordinated Notes, in the event of the dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is placed 
into liquidation, administration, wound-up or placed under curatorship, the Issuer will be required to pay 
or discharge the claims of the holders of Senior Notes and other unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors) in full before it can make any payments in respect of such Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, 
the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under such 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 49 - 
70-40754199 
 
Subordinated Capital Notes 
In order for the proceeds of the issuance of Notes to qualify as Regulatory Capital, Subordinated Notes 
must comply with the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements and such Additional Conditions (if any) 
as are prescribed by the Prudential Authority in South Africa in respect of any Tranche of Subordinated 
Notes.  
Early Redemption of Subordinated Capital Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Regulatory 
Event, a Hedging Event or an Illegality Event  
Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event, a Hedging Event or an Illegality 
Event (each as defined below), but subject to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, 
cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes), the Issuer may, at its 
option, redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Capital Notes at the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or determined in the manner specified in the General 
Terms and Conditions, as applicable. There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Capital Notes 
will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of 
return as their investments in such Subordinated Capital Notes. 
Substitution or variation 
If, (i) as a result of a change in applicable tax laws the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts to 
compensate holders of Subordinated Capital Notes for a withholding in respect of tax levied by South Africa 
or is no longer able to claim deductions to the same extent in respect of computing its taxation liabilities or 
(ii) the Issuer's treatment of the interest payable by it on Subordinated Capital Notes as a tax deductible 
expense for South African income tax purposes is not accepted by the South African Revenue Service (a 
"Tax Event"); or (iii) as a result of a change in or amendment to the applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements (or any change in the application of, or the official or generally published guidance or 
interpretation regarding, the same) or a change in the accounting treatment of or application of or official 
or generally published guidance or interpretation of the accounting principles as they relate to Regulatory 
Capital, the whole or any part of the aggregate nominal amount of a Tranche of Subordinated Capital Notes 
is excluded from qualifying as Regulatory Capital of the Issuer (a "Regulatory Event"); or (iv) due to any 
reason it becomes impossible or impracticable for the Issuer or its counterparty of any hedging transaction 
to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge its obligations with respect a Tranche of Subordinated Capital Notes (a 
"Hedging Transaction") or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedging Transaction, or the 
Issuer or the counterparty under such Hedging Transaction would be subject to an increased cost (as 
compared to the circumstances existing on the Issue Date in respect of such Subordinated Capital Notes) in 
entering into or maintaining any Hedging Transaction (a "Hedging Event"); or (v) in relation to a Series 
of Subordinated Capital Notes the performance of the Issuer's obligations become unlawful or 
impracticable, in whole or in part, or the Issuer would be subject to an increased cost (as compared to the 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date in respect of such such Subordinated Capital Notes) in entering 
into or maintaining such Subordinated Capital Notes in particular as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or 
request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power (an "Illegality 
Event"), as the case may be, then the Issuer may, without the consent of holders, elect to substitute all (but 
not some only), of the relevant Subordinated Capital Notes, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
the relevant Subordinated Capital Notes so that they (i) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, continue to qualify as 
or become Qualifying Tier 2 Securities or (ii) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, continue to qualify or 
become Qualifying Additional Tier Securities or Qualifying Tier 2 Securities, as applicable, in accordance 
with the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
Save to the extent necessary to ensure that substituted or varied Subordinated Capital Notes continue to 
comply with the then current requirements of the Regulatory Capital Requirements in relation to Additional 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, any such substituted or varied Subordinated Capital Notes must be issued 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer and have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the Subordinated Capital Notes which they replace.

--- Page 52 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 50 - 
70-40754199 
 
As set out in Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution 
or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes), any such substitution or variation will be subject to satisfaction 
of, inter alia, the following conditions: 
(i) 
the Issuer having notified the Prudential Authority of its intention to substitute or vary that Series 
of Tier 2 Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes and having received written approval from the 
Prudential Authority; and 
(ii) 
both at the time when the notice of substitution or variation of that Series of Tier 2 Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes is given and immediately following the substitution or variation of that 
Series of Tier 2 Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer is or will be (as the case may be) in 
compliance with its capital adequacy requirements as provided in the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements (except to the extent that the Prudential Authority no longer so requires) as 
confirmed by the Prudential Authority. 
Waiver of set-off  
In the event the Issuer is placed into liquidation or wound-up (or is subject to analogous proceedings), the 
General Terms and Conditions provide that a holder of Subordinated Notes may not exercise or claim any 
right of set-off in relation to unpaid principal and/or interest in respect of any Subordinated Notes before, 
in the case of Tier 2 Notes, the claims of all Depositors and Senior Creditors of the Issuer have been paid 
or discharged in full and in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, the claims of all Depositors, Senior Creditors 
and holders of Subordinated Debt of the Issuer have been paid or discharged in full, as further described in 
Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordination). However, holders of Subordinated Notes 
should note that their right to exercise set-off during any liquidation, curatorship or winding-up (or 
analogous proceedings) of the Issuer, even after the claims of such Depositors, Senior Creditors and (if 
applicable) holders of Subordinated Debt have been paid or discharged in full, may be limited under South 
African law. 
No limitation on issuing securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or indebtedness which the Issuer may issue or incur 
which rank senior to or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes (including Subordinated Capital Notes) in 
the event that the Issuer is wound up or placed into liquidation. The issue of any such securities or 
indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by holders of Subordinated Notes (including 
Subordinated Capital Notes) on either a winding-up or liquidation or curatorship of the Issuer. 
Limitation on remedies 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Tier 2 Notes and such default 
continues for a period of seven days or more after the date on which payment of such principal is due or 
fourteen days or more after the date on which payment of such interest is due (as the case may be), the 
Trustee at its discretion and without further notice may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter 
in nominal amount of the Tier 2 Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of holders of the Tier 2 Notes (the "Tier 2 
Noteholders") shall, institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, but may not take any other 
action in respect of that default. 
Payments of principal and/or interest on the Tier 2 Notes may not be accelerated except in the case of 
bankruptcy and/or liquidation of the Issuer. 
If any step (including an application, a proposal or a convening of a meeting) is taken by any person with 
a view to having the Issuer liquidated and an order is thereafter passed for the liquidation of the Issuer, all 
of the Tier 2 Notes shall be deemed, on the date on which such step is taken, to have been declared forthwith 
due and payable (whether or not due for payment and without further action or formality), at their principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, on and with effect from 
the day preceding the date on which such order for the liquidation of the Issuer is passed. 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Additional Tier 1 Notes and such 
default continues for a period of seven days or more after the date on which payment of such principal is 
due or fourteen days or more after the date on which payment of such interest is due (as the case may be), 
the Trustee at its discretion and without further notice may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-

--- Page 53 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 51 - 
70-40754199 
 
quarter in nominal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of holders of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes (the "Additional Tier 1 Noteholders") shall, institute proceedings for the winding-up of the 
Issuer, but may not take any other action in respect of that default. 
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer and write-off of Subordinated Capital Notes 
Basel III requires the implementation of certain non-viability requirements as set out in the press release 
dated 13 January 2011 of the Basel Committee entitled "Minimum requirements to ensure loss absorbency 
at the point of non-viability" (the "Basel III Non-Viability Requirements"). The Basel III Non-Viability 
Requirements represent part of the broader package of guidance issued by the Basel Committee on 16 
December 2010 and 13 January 2011 in relation to Basel III. 
Under the Basel III Non-Viability Requirements, the terms and conditions of all instruments issued by an 
internationally active bank, the proceeds of which rank (or are intended to rank) as Tier 2 Capital or 
Additional Tier 1 Capital must have a provision that requires such instruments, at the option of the relevant 
authority, to either be written off and cancelled ("Write-off", and "Written Off" shall be construed 
accordingly) or converted into common equity (that is, ordinary shares) ("Conversion", and "Converted" 
shall be construed accordingly) upon the occurrence of a trigger event (described below) unless: 
(a) 
the governing jurisdiction of the bank has in place laws that (i) require such instruments to be 
written off upon such event, or (ii) otherwise require such instruments to fully absorb losses before 
tax payers are exposed to loss (a "Statutory Loss Absorption Regime"); 
(b) 
a peer group review confirms that the jurisdiction conforms with paragraph (a) above; and 
(c) 
it is disclosed by the relevant regulator and by the issuing bank, in issuance documents going 
forward that such instruments are subject to loss under paragraph (a) above. 
The "trigger event" for Additional Tier 1 Notes which are accounted as equity (if any) and Tier 2 Notes 
("Trigger Event") will be the occurrence of the "trigger event" specified in writing by the Registrar of 
Banks; provided that, as a minimum, the aforesaid "trigger event" must be the earlier of: 
 
a decision that a Write-off, without which the Issuer (on a consolidated basis or as otherwise required 
by the Regulatory Capital Requirements) would become non-viable, is necessary as determined by the 
Prudential Authority; and 
 
a decision to make a public sector injection of capital, or equivalent support, without which the Issuer 
(on a consolidated basis or as otherwise required by the Regulatory Capital Requirements) would have 
become non-viable as determined by the Prudential Authority. 
The "trigger event" for Additional Tier 1 Notes which are accounted as liabilities ("Trigger Event") will 
be the first to occur of the following events: 
 
the occurrence of the "trigger event" specified in writing by the Prudential Authority (as described 
above); and 
 
the "common equity tier 1 capital" ratio of the Issuer ("CET 1 Ratio") is equal to or falls below the 
value of risk-weighted exposures set out in Guidance Note 6 (or such other amount of risk-weighted 
exposures as may from time to time be prescribed in the Regulatory Capital Requirements). 
Regulations 38(12) and 38(11)(b) of the Regulations Relating to Banks refer to the need for the Basel III 
Non-Viability Requirements to be reflected in the terms and conditions of instruments, the proceeds of 
which rank (or are intended to rank) as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital respectively, unless a 
duly enforceable Statutory Loss Absorption Regime is in place. 
The SARB has provided some clarity on the loss absorbency requirements contemplated in the Regulations 
Relating to Banks in ,among others, Guidance Note 6 of 2017 (Loss absorbency requirements for Additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments) ("Guidance Note 6") paragraph 1.3 of which provides that the SARB 
will continue to monitor international developments around loss absorbency requirements, and if necessary, 
will issue further guidance.

--- Page 54 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 52 - 
70-40754199 
 
The phased approach the SARB has previously articulated it intends taking in relation to the development 
of bank resolution plans and a Statutory Loss Absorption Regime has taken a step forward with the approval 
by the South African Cabinet in June 2020 for tabling of the Financial Sector Laws Amendment Bill in the 
South African Parliament. The bill proposes the necessary amendments to various acts including the 
Insolvency Act, the South African Reserve Bank Act, the Banks Act, the Mutual Banks Act, the 
Competition Act, the Financial Markets Act and the Insurance Act with a view to strengthening the ability 
of the South African Reserve Bank to manage the orderly resolution or winding down of a failing 
systemically important financial institution with minimum disruption to the broader economy. The bill will 
still need to follow the parliamentary process and may be revised before being implemented. It is not 
possible at this stage to accurately determine when the bill and the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime it 
contemplates will be implemented. The relevant regulators are continuously engaging with industry to 
continue working on the resolution framework. 
Guidance Note 6 requires banks to indicate, in the contractual terms and conditions of instruments the 
proceeds of which rank (or are intended to rank) as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital, whether 
such instruments would be either Written Off or Converted at the occurrence of a Trigger Event determined 
at the Prudential Authority's discretion, as envisaged in Regulations 38(12)(a)(i) and 38(11)(b)(i)of the 
Regulations Relating to Banks respectively. To the extent that any instruments are issued prior to the 
commencement of the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime, such instruments will have to contractually 
provide for Write-off or Conversion at the discretion of the Prudential Authority at the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event. Accordingly, the Conditions for Tier 2 Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes provide for the 
Write-off of such Notes in accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements upon the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event, subject to Condition 3.7 (Disapplication of Non-Viability Loss Absorption Condition). 
Notwithstanding the above, paragraph 6.3 of Guidance Note 6 provides that banks have the option to elect 
to have the contractual terms and conditions of any such instruments issued prior to the implementation of 
the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime dealing with Write-off and/or Conversion replaced with the 
Statutory Loss Absorption Regime upon its commencement. Accordingly, Condition 3.7 (Disapplication 
of Non-Viability Loss Absorption) provides that the Issuer may elect to apply such Statutory Loss 
Absorption Regime to Subordinated Capital Notes, subject to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, 
purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes). 
Whether in terms of the contractual Write-off provisions in the Conditions or the Write-off/Conversion 
provisions in the legislation and/or regulations which implement(s) the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime, 
the possibility of Write-off means that holders of Subordinated Capital Notes may lose some or all of their 
investment. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the price or value of a Noteholder's investment in Subordinated Capital Notes and/or the ability of 
the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Subordinated Capital Notes. 
Whether regulated by the contractual terms and conditions or the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime, clause 
2.6 of Guidance Note 7 provides that Write-off or Conversion of instruments ranking (or intended to rank) 
as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital will only occur to the extent deemed by the Prudential 
Authority as necessary to ensure that the relevant bank is viable, as specified in writing by the Prudential 
Authority. Accordingly, any Write-off or Conversion of the Subordinated Capital Notes will generally be 
effected to ensure compliance with these minimum requirements only.  
Additional risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
Election not to pay interest on Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The Issuer may elect not to pay any interest payment (or any portion thereof) on the Additional Tier 1 
Notes, on the relevant interest payment date. The Issuer shall also be obliged to elect not to pay any interest 
payment, on the relevant interest payment date if the Issuer is in breach of the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements on the business day prior to the relevant interest payment date or would be in breach of the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements if the relevant interest payment (or any portion thereof) were paid on the 
relevant interest payment date. 
Any obligation that the Issuer would have had in the absence of an election (or an obligation to elect) not 
to pay the interest on any such interest payment date shall be extinguished in its entirety. Any failure to pay 
such interest will not constitute a default by the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the

--- Page 55 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 53 - 
70-40754199 
 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. An Additional Tier 1 Noteholder will have no claim in respect of any such non-
payment. 
Any actual or anticipated election (or obligation to elect) not to pay interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, as a result 
of the interest election provisions of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the market price of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that is 
not subject to such an election (or obligation to elect) not to pay and may be more sensitive generally to 
adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition. 
Payment out of distributable reserves only 
Should the Issuer pay any distribution or coupon in respect of an instrument or shares of which the proceeds 
rank as Additional Tier 1 Capital, such distribution or coupon shall be paid out of the distributable reserves 
only, as envisaged by regulation 38(11)(b)(vi)(D) of the Regulations Relating to Banks. 
Holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes should note that if the Issuer does not have sufficient distributable 
reserves then it will not be permitted to make any payments in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
Perpetual securities 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes have no fixed maturity date and will only be redeemed, at the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes plus accrued interest (if any), on a winding-up 
or liquidation of the Issuer (other than a solvent reconstruction). 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may only be redeemed, substituted, varied or purchased prior to a winding-up 
or liquidation of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event, a Hedging Event or an 
Illegality Event, or at the option of the Issuer. Holders may therefore be required to bear the risks of an 
investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Holders will bear the risk of fluctuations in the CET 1 Ratio. 
The market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the Issuer's 
CET 1 Ratio. Fluctuations in the CET 1 Ratio may be caused by changes in the amount of the Issuer's 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and/or its risk weighted assets, as well as changes to their respective 
definitions under the capital adequacy standards and guidelines. Any indication that the CET 1 Ratio is 
moving towards the level of a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. The level of the CET 1 Ratio may significantly affect the trading price of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Risks related to the market for the Notes 
Liquidity in the secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency.  These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on

--- Page 56 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 54 - 
70-40754199 
 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  Similarly, the Issuer may be exposed to potential 
losses if the Specified Currency was to depreciate against key currencies in which the Issuer's revenues are 
based, which may have an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Dealings in the Notes and the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes may be subject 
to the South African Exchange Control Regulations. In particular, no Note may be (a) subscribed for, or 
purchased, by a Resident (as defined in "South African Exchange Control Regulations"); or (b) sold to a 
Resident; or (c) beneficially held, or owned, by a Resident, other than in strict compliance with the South 
African Exchange Control Regulations in effect from time to time.  An overview of the South African 
Exchange Control Regulations is set out in that section of this Base Prospectus headed "South African 
Exchange Control Regulations". 
Since 1995, certain exchange controls in South Africa have been relaxed. The extent to which the South 
African government may further relax such exchange controls cannot be predicted with certainty, although 
the South African government has committed itself to a gradual approach of relaxation. Further relaxation, 
or abolition of exchange controls may precipitate a change in the capital flows to and from South Africa. If 
the net result of this were to cause large capital outflows, this could adversely affect the Issuer's business 
and it could have an adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer as a whole. In the event of the 
immediate abolition of exchange control there may be a sudden withdrawal of Rand from the South African 
market by investors. Because South Africa has a fully floating exchange rate and a flexible interest rate 
policy, this may result in a rapid depreciation of the Rand exchange rate which may serve to stem the flight 
and may also result in an increase in interest rates due to the depreciation of the Rand.

--- Page 57 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 55 - 
70-40754199 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", the Conditions, the Terms and the Additional Terms  
shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Investec Bank Limited 
Description: 
Note Issuance Programme 
Arranger: 
Investec Bank Limited 
Dealer: 
Investec Bank Limited and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
South African Exchange Control Regulations 
 
No Note may be (a) subscribed for, or purchased, by a Resident 
(as defined in "South African Exchange Control Regulations"); 
or (b) sold to a Resident; or (c) beneficially held, or owned, by 
a Resident, other than in strict compliance with the South 
African Exchange Control Regulations in effect from time to 
time. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Paying and Transfer 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement.

--- Page 58 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 56 - 
70-40754199 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide for amendments to 
Notes that are redenominated in euro. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant Central Bank or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Subject to the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements (i) 
Additional Tier 1 Notes will be issued without a maturity date 
and; (ii) Tier 2 Notes will have a minimum maturity of five 
years and one day. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes (other than Subordinated Capital Notes) will be 
issued in bearer or registered form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". Subordinated Capital Notes may not be issued in 
bearer form and will only be issued in registered form. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and

--- Page 59 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 57 - 
70-40754199 
 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. The 
redemption amount for Zero Coupon Notes will be at least 
equal to their nominal amount. 
Notes linked to Underlying: 
Notes may be offered and sold where the interest and/or the 
redemption amounts are linked to the performance or 
movement of one or more underlying assets, being (i) a single 
share (which may be a share in an exchange traded fund) or a 
basket of shares (which may be a basket of ETF shares), (ii) a 
single index or a basket of indices, (iii) a single fund interest 
or a basket of fund interests, (iv) multiple underlyings, being 
any combination of single shares, single indices, single fund 
interests, baskets of indices, baskets of shares and baskets of 
fund interests, (v) a specified inflation-linked index, (vi) two 
separate underlyings, a specified inflation-linked index and 
any one of a single share, a single index, a single fund interest, 
a basket of indices, a basket of shares or a basket of fund 
interests and/or (vii) credit of one or more financial 
institutions, corporations and/or sovereign entities. 
FX Factor: 
The principal, interest and/or other amounts payable in respect 
of the Notes may be subject to a FX Factor, which is 
determined by the movement in the specified foreign exchange 
rates between the relevant dates. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified instalments, if applicable, or 
for taxation reasons, regulatory reasons or following an Event 
of Default, a Hedging Event or an Illegality Event) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  Subordinated Capital Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity provided that 
such redemption is effected in accordance with the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements (and, if required thereunder, that the 
prior written consent of the Prudential Authority has been 
obtained), and/or in accordance with the conditions (if any) 
approved by the Prudential Authority in writing. 
There is no fixed redemption date for Additional Tier 1 Notes 
and the Issuer may only redeem them in the limited 
circumstances prescribed in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and 
on such dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above.

--- Page 60 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 58 - 
70-40754199 
 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject as described in "Redemption" above, Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) with, in the case of 
Subordinated Capital Notes, the prior written approval of the 
Prudential Authority and, in the case of the Issuer exercising 
its call option pursuant to Condition 9.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
Redemption following Hedging 
Event: 
Subject as described in "Redemption" above and, unless 
specified as Not Applicable in the applicale Final Terms, early 
redemption is permitted if a Hedging Event (as described in 
Condition 9.6 (Redemption following Hedging Event)) has 
occurred and for so long as it is continuing. 
Tax Redemption: 
Subject as described in "Redemption" above, early redemption 
will be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons: 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Capital Notes in whole 
(but not in part) is permitted at the option of the Issuer (subject 
to the prior written approval of the Prudential Authority) if a 
Regulatory Event occurs and while it is continuing as 
described in Condition 9.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons). 
Redemption following Illegality: 
Subject as described in "Redemption" above, early redemption 
will be permitted if an Illegality Event (as described in 
Condition 9.7 (Redemption following Illegality) occurs. 
Trigger Event in respect of 
Subordinated Capital Notes: 
The Subordinated Capital Notes are subject to contractual 
Write-off in accordance with the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, as 
described in Condition 3.6 (Non-Viability Loss Absorption). 
The Issuer may at any time elect to apply any Statutory Loss 
Absorption Regime which is implemented in South Africa to 
the Subordinated Capital Notes in place of contractual Write-
off under Condition 3.6 (Non-Viability Loss Absorption) upon 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event, as described in Condition 
3.7 
(Disapplication 
of 
the 
Non-Viability 
Absorption 
Condition). 
Substitution or Variation of 
Subordinated Capital Notes: 
Where Substitution or Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
Subordinated Capital Notes, and a Tax Event, a Regulatory 
Event, a Hedging Event or an Illegality Event has occurred and 
is continuing, then the Issuer may either substitute all (but not 
some only) such Notes for, or vary the terms of such Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become (i) in the case of 
Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended 
to qualify as Tier 2 Capital, Qualifying Tier 2 Securities and 
(ii) in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of 
which are intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities or Qualifying Tier 2 
Securities, as described in Condition 9.8 (Substitution or 
variation). 
Non-payment of Interest: 
The Issuer may elect not to pay, and in certain circumstances 
is not obliged to pay, interest on Additional Tier 1 Notes as

--- Page 61 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 59 - 
70-40754199 
 
more fully set out in Condition 6 (Interest Payments on 
Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
Central Bank or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of issue of 
the Notes). 
If Notes will be issued in or into Australia, the denominations 
may be any amount provided that the minimum aggregate 
consideration payable by each offeree is at least AUD$500,000 
(or the equivalent in another currency, in either case 
disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or to its associates) or 
the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction, subject to certain exceptions, as provided 
in Condition 10 (Taxation).  In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 10 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted.  Please see "Taxation" for further detail. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge 
(Senior Notes Only)). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 12.1(c). 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and, subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge (Senior Notes Only)), unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes (that 
are not Subordinated Capital Notes): 
Payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes (that are not 
Subordinated Capital Notes) will be subordinated as described 
in Condition 3.2. 
Status of the Tier 2 Notes: 
The Tier 2 Notes constitute direct, unsecured and, in 
accordance with Condition 3.4 (Status of the Tier 2 Notes), 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu

--- Page 62 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 60 - 
70-40754199 
 
without any preference among themselves and (save for those 
that have been accorded by law preferential rights) at least pari 
passu with all other claims of creditors of the Issuer which rank 
or are expressed to rank (and which are entitled to rank) pari 
passu with the Tier 2 Notes. 
Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
Tier Additional 1 Notes constitute direct, unsecured and, in 
accordance with Condition 3.5 (Status of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes), subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (save for 
those that have been accorded by law preferential rights) at 
least pari passu with all other claims of creditors of the Issuer 
which rank or are expressed to rank (and which are entitled to 
rank) pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Subordinated Capital Notes and 
Regulatory Capital Requirements: 
In order for the proceeds of the issue of a Tranche of 
Subordinated Capital Notes to qualify as Regulatory Capital, 
Subordinated Capital Notes must comply with the applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements and such Additional 
Conditions (if any) as are prescribed by the Prudential 
Authority in respect of that Tranche of Subordinated Capital 
Notes. The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms 
whether any issue of Subordinated Capital Notes is an issue of 
Notes the proceeds of which are intended to qualify as 
Regulatory Capital. The Additional Conditions (if any) 
prescribed by the Prudential Authority in respect of 
Subordinated Capital Notes, the proceeds of which are also 
intended to qualify as Regulatory Capital, will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.  
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
EEA or in the UK but will be endorsed by a CRA which is 
established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the EEA or in the UK but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA or in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA or in the UK which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 63 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 61 - 
70-40754199 
 
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application will be made to the Euronext Dublin for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them, will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law save that Conditions 3.2 – 3.5 
and Clause 7 of the Trust Deed will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, South African law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area, the 
United Kingdom, Japan, Australia and South Africa and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be sold and 
should not be sold to retail clients in the EEA or in the UK, 
as defined in the rules set out in the Product Intervention 
(Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society 
Shares) Instrument 2015, as amended or replaced from 
time to time, other than in circumstances that do not and 
will not give rise to a contravention of those rules by any 
person. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the net proceeds 
from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes (including the establishment of 
hedging positions in connection with the relevant Notes).

--- Page 64 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 62 - 
70-40754199 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The Issuer's annual report 2020 (available at: https://www.investec.com/content/dam/investor-
relations/financial-information/group-financial-results/2020/Investec-Limited-Annual-Report-
March-2020.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Independent Auditor's Report  .................................................. 
Pages 144 to 152 
Income Statements .................................................................... 
Page 153 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................................... 
Page 154 
Balance Sheets .......................................................................... 
Page 155 
Statements of Changes in Equity .............................................. 
Pages 156 to 159 
Cash Flow Statements ............................................................... 
Page 160 
Accounting Policies .................................................................. 
Pages 161 to 171 
Notes to the Financial Statements ............................................. 
Pages 172 to 247 
Risk Management ..................................................................... 
Pages 21 to 85 
Corporate Governance .............................................................. 
Pages 90 to 121 
Current Regulatory Framework ................................................ 
Page 78 
Regulatory Consideration.......................................................... 
Pages 78 to 79 
 
(b) 
The Issuer's annual report 2019 (available at https://www.investec.com/content/dam/investor-
relations/financial-information/silo-entities-and-subsidiary-accounts/2019/investec-bank-limited-
annual-report-2019.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Independent Auditor's Report  .................................................. 
Pages 136 to 143 
Income Statements .................................................................... 
Page 144 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................................... 
Page 145 
Balance Sheets .......................................................................... 
Page 146 to 147 
Statements of Changes in Equity .............................................. 
Pages 148 to 151 
Cash Flow Statements ............................................................... 
Page 152 
Accounting Policies .................................................................. 
Pages 153 to 162 
Notes to the Financial Statements ............................................. 
Pages 163 to 252 
Risk Management ..................................................................... 
Pages 20 to 76 
Corporate Governance .............................................................. 
Pages 80 to 111 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement to the Base Prospectus may be prepared by 
the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement to the Base Prospectus (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg 
and are available on the website of the Issuer..  Requests for such documents should be directed to the 
Issuers at their respective offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes,

--- Page 65 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 63 - 
70-40754199 
 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of giving 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish 
a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any such documents are either 
not relevant for investors or the information they contain is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer's audited financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements can be accessed online 
on the website of the Issuer at https://www.investec.com/en_gb/welcome-to-investec/about-us/investor-
relations/financial-information/subsidiary-results.html.

--- Page 66 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 64 - 
70-40754199 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Specific exchange control approval from the FSD may be required prior to the issue of any Bearer Notes. 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global 
Note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Whilst any Bearer Note is 
represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to 
be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons 
who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes that are not in registered form for U.S. federal tax purposes, 
the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes, subject to applicable law. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in accordance with the two preceding paragraphs, such Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts 
of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified 
Denomination).  
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein (subject to applicable law) either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
of the same Series or (b) for definitive notes in Bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") of the same Series 
with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. 
persons will not be able to receive Definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons

--- Page 67 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 65 - 
70-40754199 
 
and talons attached either (a) upon not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) 
to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
subject to applicable law.  Where the applicable Final Terms specify that a Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable on 60 days' notice given at any time the Notes must not have a Specified Denomination which 
includes the concept of higher integral multiples above the minimum denomination. For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences as a result of legislative changes in the domicile of the 
Issuer which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in 
definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts 
that are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the 
relevant Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral multiple of a 
Specified Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes that are not in registered form for US federal tax 
purposes and which have an original maturity of more than 365 days and on all receipts and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE 
UNITED STATES WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Subordinated Capital Notes may not be issued in bearer form and will accordingly only be issued in 
registered form. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(a "Registered Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Definitive Notes in 
registered form. Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable 
to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or 
for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held 
otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Registered Global Note will bear 
a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be,

--- Page 68 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 66 - 
70-40754199 
 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered 
form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of a Registered Global Note will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
8.4) as the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Registered Global Note 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of a Registered Note in definitive form (the 
"Definitive Registered Notes") will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person(s) 
shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8.4) immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached either (a) upon not less 
than 45 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) to the Registrar as described therein) or (b) at any 
time at the request of the Issuer, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
applicable law. 
Legend to appear on Subordinated Capital Notes 
In the case of any Tranche of Subordinated Notes which is issued by the Issuer in compliance with the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to such Subordinated Capital Notes and which the Issuer has 
specified in the Final Terms are issued as Subordinated Capital Notes, the Registered Global Note and each 
Definitive Note will bear such legend as is required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements relating to 
such Subordinated Capital Notes. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "General Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned 
a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable so to do within 60 days’ and the 
failure or inability shall be continuing.

--- Page 69 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 67 - 
70-40754199 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom (the 
"UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution  of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
INVESTEC BANK LIMITED 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$1,500,000,000 
Note Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth (and 
defined) in the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2020 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[•]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation")]3.  This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Notes are unsecured. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] 
available during normal business hours for viewing at and copies may be obtained from, the specified office 
of each of the Paying Agents.  The Base Prospectus [the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and (in the 
case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin")) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
 
2  
Include where Part B item 7(viii) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
3  
Remove references to Prospectus Regualtion for an unlisted exempt offer

--- Page 70 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 68 - 
70-40754199 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
FX Currency: 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
(a) 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [      ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
[If Notes will be issued in or into Australia, 
the denominations may be any amount 
provided that the minimum aggregate 
consideration payable by each offeree is at 
least AUD500,000 (or the equivalent in 
another currency, in either case disregarding 
moneys lent by the offeror or to its 
associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 
Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act 2001 of 
Australia.] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[          ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[          ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[          ]/[Subject to the section titled 
"Provisions relating to Redemption" below, 
this Tranche of Additional Tier 1 Notes shall 
only be redeemed, at the outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of this Tranche 
plus accrued interest (if any), on a winding-
up (other than pursuant to a Solvent 
Reconstruction) or liquidation of the Issuer, 
subject to Condition 3.5 (Status of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes).]4 
9. 
Maturity Period: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]]5 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] +/- [  ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
4  
This is only applicable to Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
5  
Subject to the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, a Tranche of Tier 2 Notes must have 
a minimum Maturity Period of 5 (five) years and 1 (one) day.

--- Page 71 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 69 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[Equity Linked Interest (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Fund Linked Interest (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest (see Annex [1] 
(Inflation Linked Note Provisions) to this 
Final Terms for further details)] 
 
 
[Combined Underlying Linked Interest (see 
Annex [3] (Combined Underlying Linked 
Note Provisions) to this Final Terms for 
further details)] 
11. 
Redemption  Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
[[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Index Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Fund Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)]  
 
 
[Multi Underlying Linked Notes (see Annex 
[1] (Equity/Index/Fund/Multi Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Inflation Linked Note Provisions) to this 
Final Terms for further details)] 
 
 
[Combined Underlying Linked Notes (see 
Annex [3] (Combined Underlying Linked 
Note Provisions) to this Final Terms for 
further details)] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 70 - 
70-40754199 
 
14. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes/Subordinated Notes which are 
not Subordinated Capital Notes/Tier 2 
Notes/Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[In accordance with the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, the [Tier 2 Notes/Additional 
Tier 1 Notes] will be subject to Write-off if 
a Trigger Event occurs in relation to the 
Issuer.] 
 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
 
 
(c) 
Approval(s) of Prudential Authority for 
issuance of Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
15. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]][Such 
Rate of Interest as determined in accordance 
with [Annex [1] (Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying Linked Note Provisions)][Annex 
[1] (Inflation Linked Note Provisions) to this 
Final 
Terms][Annex 
[3] 
(Combined 
Underlying Linked Note Provisions) to this 
Final Terms] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[          ] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360 [30/360] [30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] [in each year]] 
[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 73 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 71 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[      LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR    ]. 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[          ] / [         ] London Banking Days prior 
to the end of the Interest Period] 
 
 
• 
p: 
[          ] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[          ] 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
• 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360 [30/360] [30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 74 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 72 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
19. 
Reset Note Provisions 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
18(r)] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] / 
Not Applicable 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 19(r)] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 19(r)] 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] [and [•]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
19(r)] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate / Not Applicable 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360 [30/360] [30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
 
(p) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year / The provisions in the 
Conditions apply 
 
(q) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•]

--- Page 75 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 73 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(r) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / Floating Rate Convention / No 
Adjustment 
 
(s) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(t) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(u) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ]  
20. 
Interest FX Factor 
[Final FX Rate/Initial FX Rate] [Initial FX 
Rate/Final FX Rate] [Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial FX Rate 
[        ] [An exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Initial FX 
Rate" in Condition [19] (FX Factors and 
Price Source Disruption)] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Page: 
[        ] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Date: 
[Strike Date][        ] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Time: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Final FX Rate 
[        ] [An exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Final FX 
Rate" in Condition [19] (FX Factors and 
Price Source Disruption)] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Page: 
[        ] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Date: 
[        ] [FX Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Time: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
FX Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[        ] [Principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency and the FX Currency] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Consent of the Prudential Authority will be 
necessary where Notes are Subordinated 
Notes that are also Subordinated Capital 
Notes. 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 76 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 74 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount] [(Fair 
Market Value [as defined in Condition 9.10 
(Early Redemption Amounts))] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[ [        ] per Calculation Amount /Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ [        ] per Calculation Amount /Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[          ] 
 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Consent of the Prudential Authority will be 
necessary where Notes are Subordinated 
Notes that are also Subordinated Capital 
Notes. 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[          ] per Note of [             ] Specified 
Denomination][(Fair Market Value [as 
defined 
in 
Condition 
9.10 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts))] 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
23. 
Redemption following Hedging Event 
(Condition [9.6])] 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]/[The 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (plus accrued 
interest, if any, to the Maturity Date).]6/[See 
item 8 above.]7 
 
 
[Equity Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Index Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Fund Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Equity/Index/Fund/Multi 
Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)]  
 
6  
This is only applicable to Tier 2 Notes.  
7  
This is only applicable to Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 75 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[Multi Underlying Linked Notes (see Annex 
[1] (Equity/Index/Fund/Multi Underlying 
Linked Note Provisions) to this Final Terms 
for further details)] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Notes (see Annex [1] 
(Inflation Linked Note Provisions) to this 
Final Terms for further details)] 
 
 
[Combined Underlying Linked Notes (see 
Annex [3] (Combined Underlying Linked 
Note Provisions) to this Final Terms for 
further details)] 
25. 
Final Redemption FX Factor: 
[Final FX Rate/Initial FX Rate] [Initial FX 
Rate/Final FX Rate] [Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial FX Rate 
[        ] [An exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Initial FX 
Rate" in Condition [19] (FX Factors and 
Price Source Disruption)] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Page: 
[        ] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Date: 
[Strike Date][        ] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Time: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Final FX Rate 
[        ] [An exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Final FX 
Rate" in Condition [19] (FX Factors and 
Price Source Disruption)] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Page: 
[        ] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Date: 
[        ] [FX Business Days prior to] [the 
Maturity Date [or if such date is not a FX 
Business Day, the next following FX 
Business Day] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Time: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
FX Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[        ] [Principal financial centre of each of 
the Specified Currency and the FX 
Currency] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable] [[        ] per Calculation 
Amount] [Fair Market Value] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount][Fair Market 
Value] 
 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note payable 
on redemption of Subordinated Capital Notes for 
regulatory reasons: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]]

--- Page 78 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 76 - 
70-40754199 
 
29. 
Early Redemption FX Factor:  
[Final FX Rate/Initial FX Rate] [Initial FX 
Rate/Final FX Rate] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(a) 
Initial FX Rate 
[        ] [An exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Initial FX 
Rate" in Condition [19] (FX Factors and 
Price Source Disruption)] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Page: 
[        ] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Date: 
[Strike Date][        ] 
 
• 
Initial FX Fixing Time: 
[        ] 
 
(b) 
Final FX Rate 
[        ] [An exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Final FX 
Rate" in Condition [19] (FX Factors and 
Price Source Disruption)] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Page: 
[        ] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Date: 
[        ] [FX Business Days prior to the Early 
Redemption Date] 
 
• 
Final FX Fixing Time: 
[        ] 
 
(c) 
FX Business Day Jurisdictions: 
[•][Principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency and the FX Currency] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days' notice given at any time/only 
upon an Exchange Event. Specific exchange 
control approvals from the Financial 
Surveillance Department of the South 
African Reserve Bank may be required for 
the issue of Bearer Notes.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at 
any time at the request of the Issuer]. 
 
 
[Registered Notes: Registered Global Note 
([        ] nominal amount)] 
31. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [ ]] 
 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:

--- Page 79 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 77 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [ ]] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [ ]] 
34. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
35. 
Substitution or Variation for Subordinated 
Capital Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
36. 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
37. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and addresses]  
38. 
Whether TEFRA D or  TEFRA C rules 
applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
CREDIT LINKAGE 
39. 
Credit Linkage 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Credit Linked Portion: 
[[100][•] per cent. of the Notes][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Credit Linked Note type: 
[Single Name CLN][Basket CLN][Index 
CLN][Tranched CLN] 
 
(c) 
[Reference Entity(ies)][Index]: 
[The Reference Entity(ies) set out in the table 
contained in Annex [2][4] to these Final 
Terms.] 
[Equal Weighting] [and] [Equal Initial 
Weighting] [and] [Fixed CLN Percentage] 
[apply(ies)]. 
 
 
Name of 
Referenc
e 
Entity  
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting 
(%) 
Initial 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Removal 
Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•][Equal 
Weightin
g applies] 
[•][Equal 
Initial 
Weighting 
applies][No
t 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[•] 
 
[Annex Date: 
[Specify Series and Version]] 
 
[Fixed CLN Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] 
 
(d) 
Recovery Rate: 
[[General Recovery Rate][Specific Recovery 
Rate][Zero Recovery Rate][Fixed Recovery Rate] 
shall apply.] 
 
(i) 
[Fixed Recovery Rate: 
[[•] per cent.]] 
 
(e) 
Tranched 
CLN 
Trigger 
Percentage 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 78 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(f) 
Interest Accrual Cessation Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the [Credit Event Notice Date][Event Determination 
Date] or, in the case of a [Credit Event Notice 
Date][Event Determination Date occurring during 
the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date][The date on which the Credit Event occurs (as 
specified in the Credit Event Notice)][The date 
specified in the CDS Event Notice as the date on 
which the Credit Event triggering the relevant Event 
Determination Date (each term as defined in the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, 
Inc.) 
occurred.][The 
Maturity Date][The CDS Event Redemption Date] 
 
(g) 
Noteholder Amendment Request: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Credit Linked FX Factor: 
[Final FX Rate/Initial FX Rate] [Initial FX 
Rate/Final FX Rate] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(i) 
Initial FX Rate  
[•][An exchange rate determined in accordance with 
the definition of "Initial FX Rate" Condition [19] 
(FX Factors and Price Source Disruption)]. 
 
(A) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing Page: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing Date: 
[Strike Date][•] 
 
(C) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing Time: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Final FX Rate  
[•][An exchange rate determined in accordance with 
the definition of "Final FX Rate" in Condition 17 
(FX Factors and Price Source Disruption)]. 
 
(A) 
Final FX Fixing 
Page: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Final FX Fixing 
Date: 
[In relation to a [Credit Event][CDS Event] 
Redemption Amount] the [relevant Credit Event 
Notice 
Date][relevant 
Event 
Determination 
Date][date on which the relevant Credit Event 
occurs 
(as 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice)][date specified in the relevant CDS Event 
Notice as the date on which the Credit Event 
triggering the relevant Event Determination Date 
(each term as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.) occurred.][or if such date is not a FX Business 
Day, the next following FX Business Day.][•] 
 
I 
Final FX Fixing 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
FX 
Business 
Day 
Jurisdictions: 
[•][Principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency and the FX Currency] 
 
(i) 
Simplified Credit Linkage: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 79 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(i) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Senior non-Preferred Level][Senior 
Preferred Level] 
 
(j) 
ISDA Credit Linkage: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference 
Entity 
Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Name of Reference 
Entity 
Reference Obligation 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level][Senior 
Preferred Level][Senior non-Preferred Level] 
 
(iii) 
Quotation Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Recovery Rate Gearing: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference 
Entity 
Removal Provisions: 
[Adjustment][Non-Adjustment][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
CDS Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[Option A][Option B] 
 
(vii) 
CDS Event Redemption 
Date: 
[The Maturity Date][Three Business Days following 
the Settlement Date under the relevant Notional 
CDS] 
 
(k) 
Parallel 
Credit 
Linkage 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Entity: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Parallel Reference 
Obligation(s): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Recovery Rate: 
[General Recovery Rate][Specific Recovery 
Rate][Zero Recovery Rate] shall apply. 
 
(iv) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level][Senior 
Preferred Level][Senior non-Preferred Level] 
 
(v) 
Parallel Credit Linkage 
Quotation Amount: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Recovery Rate Gearing: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
CDS Event Redemption 
Amount 
[Option A][Option B] 
 
(viii) 
CDS Event Redemption 
Date: 
[The Maturity Date][Three Business Days following 
the Settlement Date under the relevant Notional 
CDS] 
 
(l) 
Credit Event: 
[[Insolvency] 
[Govenmental 
Intervention] 
[Restructuring] 
[Obligaton 
Acceleration] 
[Obligation 
Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[and] [Failure to Pay]]

--- Page 82 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 80 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(i) 
Obligation Acceleration 
Amount 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Obligation Default 
Amount 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Amount 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Failure to Pay Amount 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Grace Period Extension 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Length of 
Grace Period 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Potential Failure to Pay 
Amount 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Scheduled Redemption 
Date 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Deposit Requirement 
[[•]/As set out in the Conditions] 
 
(xii) 
Obligation(s): 
 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond 
or Loan] 
(select one only) 
 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency: [[specify 
currency]/Standard 
Specified 
Currency] 
[Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: 
Domestic Currency means [specify currency]] [Not 
Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not Domestic Issuance] 
(select all of which apply) 
 
(xiii) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Financial Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] ["Governmental 
Intervention" is applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Relevant third party information has been extracted from [     ].  The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [     ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading/ [Not Applicable].

--- Page 83 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 81 - 
70-40754199 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 82 - 
70-40754199 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [     ].]  [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable/ [ ]] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued will not be rated.] 
[[The Programme has been/The Notes to be issued 
[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated:] 
[S&P: 
 
[     ]] 
[Moody's: 
[     ]] 
[Fitch:  
[     ]] 
[Other:   
[     ]] 
 
 
[[ ] is established in the European Union [or in the 
United Kingdom] and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation").  The list 
of registered and certified credit rating agencies 
may 
be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk.] 
 
 
[[ ] is not established in the European Union [or in 
the United Kingdom] and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[[ ] is not established in the European Union [or in 
the United Kingdom] and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"CRA Regulation") but is endorsed by [ ] which 
is established in the European Union [or in the 
United Kingdom] and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[[ ] is not established in the European Union [or in 
the United Kingdom] and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"CRA Regulation"), but it is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.  The list of 
registered and certified credit rating agencies may 
be 
accessed 
at

--- Page 85 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 83 - 
70-40754199 
 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk.] 
[Include disclosure as to ratings definitions,  which 
can take the ollowing form: "In accordance with 
[rating agency]'s ratings definitions available as 
at the date of these Final Terms on [insert 
hyperlink], a long-term rating of "[•]" indicates 
[insert meaning of the rating as described by the 
relevant rating agency ]."] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business]/ [Not Applicable]/[ ]] 
4. 
 YIELD (Fixed Rate Reset Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ]] 
5. 
 HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND/OR UNDERLYING (Floating Rate Notes and 
Notes relating to an Underlying only) 
 
Details of historic and future performance and its volatility [insert reference to each reference 
rate or relevant underlying] can be obtained from [Reuters/other and specify 
website].[Indicate whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
6. 
 BENCHMARK 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Does 
the 
Administrator 
appear on the Register 
 
 
 
[Appears][Does not appear] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware 
[the 
Administrator 
[does][does not] fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (as amended, the 
"BMR") by virtue of Article 
2 of that regulation][the 
transitional 
provisions 
in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (as amended, the 
"BMR") apply, such that the 
Administrator is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] [•] 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[     ]

--- Page 86 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 84 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
 
[(iii) 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN /Not Applicable / 
Not Available / [     ]]] 
 
[(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN /Not Applicable / 
Not Available / [     ]]] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ]] 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
and UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the offer of the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
8. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 Reasons for the offer: 
[[  ] / See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus] 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ]

--- Page 87 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 85 - 
70-40754199 
 
[ANNEX 1 
EQUITY/INDEX/FUND/MULTI UNDERLYING LINKED NOTE PROVISIONS] 
1. 
 
Type of Note: 
[Index Linked Note][Equity Linked Note][Fund Linked 
Note][Multi 
Underlying 
Linked 
Note][Combined 
Underlying Linked Note] 
2. 
 
Type of Underlying: 
[Single Index] [Basket of Indices] [Single [ETF] Share] 
[Basket of [ETF] Shares] [Single Fund Interest] [Basket 
of Fund Interests] [Multi Underlyings, being [a Single 
Index/a Basket of Indices/a Single [ETF] Share/a Basket 
of [ETF] Shares] and [a Single Index/a Basket of 
Indices/a Single [ETF] Share/a Basket of [ETF] 
Shares][being the [FTSE® 100 Index] [FTSE® All-
World Index] [the S&P 500® Index] [the EuroSTOXX® 
Index] [the MSCI® Index] [the MSCI® Emerging 
Markets Index] [the HSCEI Index] [the DAX Index] [the 
S&P ASX 200 (AS51) Index] [the CAC 40 Index] [the 
Nikkei] [the JSE Top40 Index] [the Finvex Sustainable 
Efficient Europe 30 Price Index] [the Finvex Sustainable 
Efficient World 30 Price Index] [the BNP Paribas SLI 
Enhanced Absolute Return Index] [the Tokyo Stock 
Exchange Price Index] [the SMI Index] [the Russell 
2000® Index] [the EVEN 30™ Index] [the EURO 70™ 
Low Volatility Index]]   
3. 
 
[8Status under Section 871(m) 
of the Code  
[Not Section 871(m) Note][Section 871(m) Note] 
 
[Note: For Equity linked notes BNYM will need 
confirmation if these are 871(m) Notes or not.  The 
below defined terms are required: 
871(m) Note means a Note which are treated as 
“Specified Equity Linked Instruments” or “Specified 
Notional Principal Contracts” under Section 871(m) of 
the Code. 
Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986.] 
 
4. 
 
Physical Settlement 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Equity Linked Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Downside Only Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
5. 
 
Redemption and Interest 
Payment Provisions: 
 
(a)
 
 
Return Factor: 
[•][Not Applicable]] 
 
8 For Equity Linked Notes only

--- Page 88 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 86 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b)
 
 
FX Factors: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable in accordance with the 
below.] 
 
Kick Out FX Factor 
[Final FX Rate/Initial FX Rate] [Initial FX Rate/Final 
FX Rate] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(i) 
Initial FX Rate  
[•][An exchange rate determined in accordance with the 
definition of "Initial FX Rate" Condition 17 (FX Factors 
and Price Source Disruption)]. 
 
(A) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing 
Page: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing 
Date: 
[Strike Date][•] 
 
(C) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Final FX Rate  
[•][An exchange rate determined in accordance with the 
definition of "Final FX Rate" in Condition 17 (FX 
Factors and Price Source Disruption)]. 
 
(A) 
Final 
FX 
Fixing 
Page: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Final 
FX 
Fixing 
Date: 
[•] [FX Business Days prior to] [the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable)][or if 
such date is not a FX Business Day, the next following 
FX Business Day]. 
 
(C) 
Final 
FX 
Fixing 
Time: 
[•] 
 
FX Factor [1][2][3] 
[Final FX Rate/Initial FX Rate] [Initial FX Rate/Final 
FX Rate] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial FX Rate 
[•][An exchange rate determined in accordance with the 
definition of "Initial FX Rate" Condition 17 (FX Factors 
and Price Source Disruption)]. 
 
(A) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing 
Page: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing 
Date: 
[Strike Date][•]

--- Page 89 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 87 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(C) 
Initial 
FX 
Fixing 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Final FX Rate 
[•][An exchange rate determined in accordance with the 
definition of "Final FX Rate" in Condition 17 (FX 
Factors and Price Source Disruption)]. 
 
(A) 
Final 
FX 
Fixing 
Page: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Final 
FX 
Fixing 
Date: 
[•] [FX Business Days prior to the][Maturity Date][the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date] [or if such date is not 
a FX Business Day, the next following FX Business 
Day]  
 
(C) 
Final 
FX 
Fixing 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
FX 
Business 
Day 
Jurisdictions:  
[•][Principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
and the FX Currency] 
(c)
 
 
Kick Out Notes with Capital at 
Risk Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Capital 
Downside: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Digital Return 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms

--- Page 90 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 88 - 
70-40754199 
 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(v) 
Upside Return:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(viii) 
Downside 
Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(xi) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(d)
 
 
Kick Out Notes without Capital at 
Risk Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]]

--- Page 91 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 89 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iv) 
Upside Return:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
(e)
 
 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes with 
Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Amount: 
[In relation to each Calculation Amount and each Interest 
Payment Date, an amount equal to [•] per cent. of such 
Calculation Amount][•] 
 
 
[[In relation to each Calculation Amount and each 
Interest Payment Date, a specified percentage of 
Calculation Amount to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Interest Amount will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)]

--- Page 92 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 90 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
Constant 
Monitoring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Amount 
Condition: 
[Bermudan/American/European] 
[[Worst][Best] 
of 
Provisions apply in relation to the determination of 
whether the Interest Amount Condition is satisfied] 
 
Interest 
Payment Date 
Interest 
[Valuation 
Dates] 
[Observation 
Dates] 
Interest 
Amount 
Threshold 
(as a percentage 
of the [Initial 
Index 
Level][Initial 
Share 
Price][Initial 
Fund Value]) 
Interest 
Observation 
Start Date 
Interest 
Observation 
End Date 
 
[•] 
[•][Interest 
Observation 
Period applies] 
[•] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
 
[[•] 
[•][Interest 
Observation 
Period applies] 
[•] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Amount 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
Interest Payment 
Date 
Interest Amount 
Averaging Dates 
Interest Amount 
Averaging Start 
Date 
Interest Amount 
Averaging End Date 
 
[•] 
[•][Interest Amount 
Averaging Period 
applies] 
[•][Not applicable] 
[•][Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of the [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(vi) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.] [Digital Return to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Memory 
Feature 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 91 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(viii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent. / Not applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
(f)
 
 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes without 
Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Amount: 
[In relation to each Calculation Amount and each Interest 
Payment Date, an amount equal to [•] per cent. of such 
Calculation Amount][•] 
 
 
[[In relation to each Calculation Amount and each 
Interest Payment Date, a specified percentage of 
Calculation Amount to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Interest Amount will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(ii) 
Constant Monitoring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Amount 
Condition: 
[Bermudan/American/European] 
[[Worst][Best] 
of 
Provisions apply in relation to the determination of 
whether the Interest Amount Condition is satisfied] 
 
Interest 
Payment Date 
Interest 
[Valuation 
Dates] 
[Observation 
Dates] 
Interest 
Amount 
Threshold 
(as a percentage 
of the [Initial 
Index 
Level][Initial 
Share Price]) 
Interest 
Observation 
Start Date 
Interest 
Observation 
End Date 
 
[•] 
[•][Interest 
Observation 
Period applies] 
[•] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 94 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 92 - 
70-40754199 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Amount 
Averaging: 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Interest 
Amount 
Averaging Dates 
Interest 
Amount 
Averaging 
Start 
Date 
Interest 
Amount 
Averaging 
End 
Date 
 
[•] 
[•][Interest Amount 
Averaging 
Period 
applies] 
[•][Not applicable] 
[•][Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of the [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(vi) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.] [Digital Return to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Memory 
Feature 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(g)
 
 
Upside Notes with Capital at 
Risk Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Capital 
Downside: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]

--- Page 95 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 93 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(v) 
Upside Return:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Minimum Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Minimum Return will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Downside 
Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms

--- Page 96 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 94 - 
70-40754199 
 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(xii) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(h)
 
 
Upside Notes without Capital at 
Risk Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iv) 
Upside Return:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Minimum 
Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Minimum Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Minimum Price will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 95 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(vii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
(i)
 
 
Geared Booster Notes with 
Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Capital 
Downside: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upside Booster 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value] [Upside Booster 
Threshold to be determined in accordance with Condition 
18 (Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Upside Booster Threshold will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(v) 
Upside Booster 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Upside Booster Strike Percentage to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]]

--- Page 98 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 96 - 
70-40754199 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Upside Booster Strike Percentage will be notified and 
published on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the 
Indicative Terms Notification Date as described in 
Condition 18 (Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(viii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Downside 
Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Gearing 3: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 3 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 3 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(xii) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 97 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(xiii) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(j)
 
 
Lock-In Call Notes with Capital 
at Risk Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return 
Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Lock-In 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] 
 
(iv) 
Lock-In 
Performance: 
[[Worst][Best] of Provisions apply in relation to the 
determination Lock-In Performance] 
 
(A) 
Lock-
In 
Observ
ation 
Period: 
[From and including [•] (the "Lock-In Observation 
Start Date") to and including [•] (the "Lock-In 
Observation End Date")][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Lock-
In 
Observ
ation 
Date[s]
: 
[•][[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [[•] per cent.]] [Gearing 1 
to be determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)]

--- Page 100 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 98 - 
70-40754199 
 
(k)
 
 
N Barrier (Income) Notes with 
Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Amount: 
[In relation to each Calculation Amount and each Interest 
Payment Date, an amount equal to [•] per cent. of such 
Calculation Amount][•] 
[[In relation to each Calculation Amount and each 
Interest Payment Date, a specified percentage of 
Calculation Amount to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[The Interest Amount will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(ii) 
Constant 
Monitoring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Amount 
Condition: 
[Bermudan/American/European] 
[[Worst][Best] 
of 
Provisions apply in relation to the determination of 
whether the Interest Amount Condition is satisfied]  
 
Interest 
Payment Date 
Interest 
[Observation]
[Valuation] 
Date[s] 
Interest 
Amount 
Threshold 
(as 
a 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Initial 
Index 
Level][Initial 
Share 
Price] 
[Initial Value]) 
Interest 
Observation 
Start Date 
Interest 
Observation 
End Date 
 
[•] 
[•][Interest 
Observation 
Period applies] 
[•] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
 
[[•] 
[•][Interest 
Observation 
Period applies] 
[•] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
[•][Not 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date 
Interest Averaging Dates 
 
 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 101 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 99 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date 
Interest Averaging Period 
 
 
[•] 
[Each Scheduled Valuation 
Day in the period from [and 
including][but excluding] [•] 
(the 
"Interest 
Averaging 
Start Date") and to [and 
including][but excluding] [•] 
(the "Interest Averaging End 
Date")] [[•] (the "Interest 
Averaging End Date") and the 
[•] Scheduled Valuation Days 
prior to the Initial Averaging 
End Date] 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(vi) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable][Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Downside Return 
1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Downside Return 
2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing 1 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(x) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 102 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 100 - 
70-40754199 
 
(l)
 
 
Range Accrual (Income) Notes with 
Capital 
at 
Risk 
Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[[Worst][Best] 
of 
Provisions apply in relation to the determination of the 
Accrual Factor] 
 
(i) 
Range Accrual: 
Interest 
Payment Date 
Range Upper 
Level 
Range 
Lower 
Level 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Rate: 
[The Rate of Interest specified in the Fixed Rate 
provisions above][The Reference Rate specified in the 
Floating Rate provisions above plus any specified 
Margin] [•] 
 
(iii) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(iv) 
Digital Return: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(v) 
Downside Return 
1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Downside Return 
2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(viii) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(m)
 
 
Range Accrual Notes (Income) 
without Capital at Risk: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[[Worst][Best] 
of 
Provisions apply in relation to the determination of the 
Accrual Factor] 
 
(i) 
Range Accrual: 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Range 
Upper 
Level 
Range 
Lower 
Level 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Rate: 
[The Rate of Interest specified in the Fixed Rate 
provisions above][The Reference Rate specified in the 
Floating Rate provisions above plus any specified 
Margin] [•] 
 
(iii) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]]

--- Page 103 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 101 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(iv) 
Digital Return: 
[•] per cent. 
(n)
 
 
Reverse Convertible Notes with 
Capital at Risk 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Downside Return 
1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Downside Return 
2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(v) 
Lower Strike:  
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Upper Strike:  
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(o)
 
 
Double Bonus Notes with Capital at 
Risk Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Upper Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(iii)  
Digital Return 
[•] per cent. 
 
(iv) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(v) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms).

--- Page 104 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 102 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Downside Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Downside Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(ix) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(p)
 
 
Bear Notes with Capital at Risk 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Capital Downside: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms).

--- Page 105 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 103 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(ix) 
Downside Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Downside Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(xii) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(q)
 
 
Bear Notes without Capital at Risk 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]

--- Page 106 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 104 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
(r)
 
 
Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes 
with Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Risk Threshold 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(iii) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Digital Return will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iv) 
Upside Return: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vii) 
Downside Return 
1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Downside Return 
2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms).

--- Page 107 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 105 - 
70-40754199 
 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(x) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(s) 
 
Dual Underlying Upside Notes with 
Capital 
at 
Risk 
Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Risk Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Minimum Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Minimum Return will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iv) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Downside Return 
1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Downside Return 
2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 106 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(viii) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(ix) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Upper Strike 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(t) 
 
Out Performance Call Notes with 
Capital 
at 
Risk 
Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iii) 
Downside Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Downside Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Upper Strike 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 107 - 
70-40754199 
 
(u) 
 
Out 
Performance 
Call 
Notes 
without Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Gearing: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
[indicatively [•]] 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
[Gearing will be notified and published on the Issuer's 
website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
(g) 
 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes 
with Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Determination Provisions: 
[Worst Performing Underlying][Best Performing 
Underlying][Average Performance] 
 
(ii) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of Initial Price 
 
(iii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iv) 
Capital Downside: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative

--- Page 110 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 108 - 
70-40754199 
 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Upside Return:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Minimum Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Minimum Return will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(viii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(x) 
Downside Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Downside Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 2 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 2 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(xiii) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 111 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 109 - 
70-40754199 
 
(h) 
 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes 
without Capital at Risk Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Determination Provisions: 
[Worst Performing Underlying][Best Performing 
Underlying][Average Performance] 
 
(ii) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of Initial Price 
 
(iii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] [Strike Percentage to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Strike Percentage will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(iv) 
Digital Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Digital Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Digital Return will be notified and published on 
the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(vi) 
Upside Return:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Return: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Minimum Return to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]  
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[The Minimum Return will be notified and published 
on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative 
Terms Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
 
(viii) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing 1: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] [Gearing 1 to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
 
[indicatively [•]]

--- Page 112 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 110 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
[indicative minimum amount: [•]] 
 
 
[indicative maximum amount: [•]]] 
 
 
[Gearing 1 will be notified and published on the 
Issuer's website at [•] on or about the Indicative Terms 
Notification Date as described in Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms)] 
6. 
 
Additional Provisions: 
 
(a) 
Underlying: 
 
 
(i) 
[Single 
Index 
[([the "[Return] 
[Risk][Primary]
[Comparator] 
Underlying")] 
[•] 
 
(A) 
Index Sponsor: 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Exchange: 
[•][Multi-Exchange Index applies] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket of Indices 
[([the "[Return] 
[Risk][Primary]
[Comparator] 
Underlying")] 
Index 
Index 
Sponsor 
Exchange 
Weighting 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•][Multi-
Exchange 
Index] 
[•][equally 
weighted 
Basket] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
[Single 
[ETF] 
Share 
[([the 
"[Return] 
[Risk][Primary]
[Comparator] 
Underlying")] 
[•] 
 
(A) 
[Share Currency:] 
 
 
(B) 
[Share 
Issuer][Exchange 
Traded Fund]:] 
[•] 
 
(C) 
Exchange: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
[Basket of [ETF] 
Shares 
[([the 
"[Return] 
[Risk][Primary]
[Comparator] 
Underlying")] 
Name 
and 
short 
descrip
tion of 
Share 
(includi
ng ISIN 
Numbe
r) 
[Share 
Issuer] 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund] 
Share 
Curren
cy 
Exchange 
[Weighting] 
[Number of 
Shares] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•][equally 
weighted 
Basket]

--- Page 113 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 111 - 
70-40754199 
 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v)  
[Single 
Fund: 
Fund 
Name:] 
[([the "[Return] 
[Risk][Primary]
[Comparator] 
Underlying")] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
Name and short 
description of the 
Fund 
Interest 
(including where 
NAV 
will 
be 
published) 
[●] 
 
(A) 
Type of Fund 
[Mutual Fund][Hedge Fund][Private Equity Fund] 
 
(vi)  
[Basket of Fund 
Interests] 
[([the 
"[Return] 
[Risk][Primary]
[Comparator] 
Underlying")] 
Fund 
Name 
Name 
and 
short 
description 
of 
Fund 
Interests 
(including 
where NAV 
will 
be 
published) 
Type of Fund 
Weighting 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Mutual 
Fund][Hedge 
Fund][Private 
Equity Fund] 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Averaging Dates Market 
Disruption: 
[[Omission] [Postponement] [Modified Postponement] 
[Preceding] 
applies 
in 
respect 
of 
[Barrier 
Condition/Automatic 
Early 
Redemption/Final/Initial/Interest 
Averaging]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Change of Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging][Insolvency 
Filing][ETF 
Modification][Strategy 
Breach][Regulatory 
Action][Cross-contamination] [As specified in Annex 
[3] (Combined Underlying Linked Provisions)]  
 
(d) 
Business Day: 
[a day on which (i) commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [•] [and (ii) 
which is a TARGET2 Business Day].] [As specified in 
Annex [3] (Combined Underlying Linked Provisions)] 
 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[•] 
 
(f) 
Strike Date: 
[•]

--- Page 114 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 112 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(g) 
[Initial 
Index 
Level][Initial 
Share 
Price][Initial 
Value][Initial 
Fund 
Value]: 
[the Level on the Strike Date][the Price on the Strike 
Date] [the Value on the Strike Date] [the Fund Value 
on the Strike Date] [Initial Averaging applies][Best 
Strike applies][•] 
 
(i) 
[Constant 
Monitoring:] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Strike Start 
Date:] 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[Strike 
End 
Date:] 
[•] 
 
(h) 
Initial Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Initial Averaging 
Dates:] 
[•][Initial Averaging Period applies] 
 
(A) 
[Initial 
Averagin
g 
Period:] 
[Not Applicable] [Each Scheduled Valuation Day in 
the period from [and including][but excluding] [•] (the 
"Initial Averaging Start Date") and to [and 
including][but excluding] [•] (the "Initial Averaging 
End Date")] [[•] (the "Initial Averaging End Date") 
and the [•] Scheduled Valuation Days prior to the 
Initial Averaging End Date.] 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Constant Monitoring 
applies][Worst][Best] of Provisions apply in relation to 
the determination of whether an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred.] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Threshold 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
of 
Issue Price 
[Automati
c 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount 
to 
be 
determine
d 
in 
accordanc
e 
with 
Condition 
18 
(Indicative 
Terms). 
[indicative
ly [•]] 
[indicative 
minimum 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
of 
Initial 
[Share 
Price][Val
ue] [Index 
Level]

--- Page 115 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 113 - 
70-40754199 
 
amount: 
[•]] 
[indicative 
maximum 
amount: 
[•]]] 
 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption Amount will be notified 
and published on the Issuer's website at [•] on or about 
the Indicative Terms Notification Date as described in 
Condition 18 (Indicative Terms)] 
 
(j) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]. 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Averaging Period applies.] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption Date 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging 
Dates 
 
 
[•] 
[•], [•] and [•]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption Date 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging 
Period 
 
 
[•] 
[Each Scheduled Valuation 
Day in the period from and 
including 
[•] 
(the 
"Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Averaging 
Start Date") and to and 
including 
[•] 
(the 
"Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Averaging 
End 
Date")] 
[[•] 
(the 
"Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Averaging 
End Date") and the [•] 
Scheduled Valuation Days 
prior to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging End 
Date.]] 
 
 
 
 
(k) 
Barrier Condition: 
[American][European][Bermudan][Not 
Applicable] 
[Worst][Best] of Provisions apply in relation to any 
determination of whether the Barrier Condition is 
satisfied.] 
 
(i) 
[Barrier 
Threshold:] 
[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share Price] 
[Initial Value][Initial Fund Value] [Barrier Threshold 
to be determined in accordance with Condition 18 
(Indicative Terms). 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
Valuation Date:] 
[•][Not Applicable]

--- Page 116 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 114 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(iii) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Period:] 
[The period from and including [•] (the "Barrier 
Observation Start Date") to and including [•] (the 
"Barrier Observation End Date")][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Dates:] 
[[•][•] and [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Constant 
Monitoring:] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Barrier Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Barrier 
Averaging 
Dates:] 
[[•][•] and [•]] [Barrier Averaging Period applies] 
 
(A) 
[Barrier 
Averagin
g 
Period:] 
[Each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and 
including [•] (the "Barrier Averaging Start Date") 
and to and including [•] (the "Barrier Averaging End 
Date")] [[•] (the "Barrier Averaging End Date") and 
the [•] Scheduled Valuation Days prior to the Barrier 
Averaging End Date.] 
 
(m) 
[Final Index Level][Final 
Share 
Price][Final 
Value][Final Fund Value]: 
[the Level on the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date][the Price on the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date][the Value on the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date][the Fund Value on the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date][Final Averaging applies][Best Final 
applies] [Worst][Best] of Provisions apply in relation 
to the determination of [Final Index Level][Final Share 
Price][Final Value][Final Fund Value] 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[•][Final Redemption Valuation Date] 
 
(ii) 
[Best Final Start 
Date:] 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
[Best Final End 
Date:] 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
[Constant 
Monitoring:] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
(n) 
Final Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Final Averaging 
Dates:] 
[[•] [Final Averaging Period applies] 
 
(ii) 
[Final Averaging 
Period:] 
[Not Applicable] [Each Scheduled Valuation Day in 
the period from and including [•] (the "Final 
Averaging Start Date") and to and including [•] (the 
"Final Averaging End Date")] [[•] (the "Final 
Averaging End Date") and the [•] Scheduled 
Valuation Days prior to the Final Averaging End Date.]

--- Page 117 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 115 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(o) 
Downside [Final Index 
Level][Final 
Share 
Price][Final Value][Final 
Fund Value]: 
[the Level on the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date][the Price on the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date][the Value on the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date] ][the Fund Value on the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date][ [Downside Final Averaging 
applies][Downside Best Final applies] [Worst][Best] 
of Provisions apply in relation to the determination of 
Downside[Final Index Level][Final Share Price][Final 
Value][Final Fund Value]][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Downside Final 
Redemption 
Valuation Date]: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
[Downside Best 
Final Start Date:] 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
[Downside Best 
Final End Date:] 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
[Constant 
Monitoring:] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
(p) 
Downside 
Final 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Downside Final 
Averaging 
Dates:] 
[[•] [Downside Final Averaging Period applies] 
 
(ii) 
[Downside Final 
Averaging 
Period:] 
[Not Applicable] [Each Scheduled Valuation Day in 
the period from and including [•] (the "Downside Final 
Averaging Start Date") and to and including [•] (the 
"Downside Final Averaging End Date")] [[•] (the 
"Downside Final Averaging End Date") and the [•] 
Scheduled Valuation Days prior to the Downside Final 
Averaging End Date.] 
 
(q) 
Fund Documents: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(r)         Fund Business Day: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(s)         Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions][•][Not Applicable] 
 
(t)         NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions][The NAV Trigger Percentage 
shall be, with respect to [a Mutual Fund, [•] per cent.] 
[a Hedge Fund, [•] per cent.,] [a Private Equity Fund, 
[•] per cent.]][•][Not Applicable] 
 
(u)       Number of NAV Publication   
Days: 
[As per Conditions][•][Not Applicable] 
 
(v)      Minimum AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][The Minimum AUM Level shall 
be, with respect to [a Mutual Fund, [•]] [a Hedge Fund, 
[•]] [a Private Equity Fund, [•]], or the equivalent in 
any other currency][•][Not Applicable] 
 
(w) 
Delayed 
redemption 
on 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 116 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(x)  Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions][•]

--- Page 119 ---
Part A – Information Relating to all Notes 
Pro-Forma Final Terms 
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 117 - 
70-40754199 
 
[ANNEX [1][2] 
INFLATION LINKED PROVISIONS] 
1. 
 
Type of Note: 
[Inflation Linked Note][Combined Underlying Linked 
Note] 
2. 
 
Inflation Index: 
[•] 
3. 
 
Redemption 
and 
Interest 
Provisions 
 
(a)
 
 
Inflation Linked Notes without 
Capital at Risk 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Linked Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Initial 
Inflation 
Level: 
[[•] / Reference Month: [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Month 
in 
relation 
to 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Reference Month 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Month 
in relation to the 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Return 
[•][Not Applicable] 
(b)
 
 
Inflation (Interest Only) Linked 
Notes without Capital at Risk 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial 
Inflation 
Level: 
[[•] / Reference Month: [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Month 
in 
relation 
to 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] / [Not applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
Part A – Information Relating to all Notes 
Pro-Forma Final Terms 
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 118 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Reference Month 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Margin: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
(c)
 
 
Inflation Linked Notes with Capital 
at Risk 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Linked Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Initial 
Inflation 
Level: 
[[•] / Reference Month: [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Month 
in 
relation 
to 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Reference Month 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Month: 
in relation to the 
Maturity Date: 
[•]  
 
(vii) 
Inflation 
Linked 
Instalment 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Reference Month 
in 
relation 
to 
Instalment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 121 ---
Part A – Information Relating to all Notes 
Pro-Forma Final Terms 
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 119 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
Instalment Date 
Reference Month 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
4. 
 
Additional Provisions 
(a)
 
 
Fallback Bond: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
(b)
 
 
Related Bond: 
[•] / [Fallback Bond] 
(c)
 
 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 122 ---
Part A – Information Relating to all Notes 
Pro-Forma Final Terms 
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 120 - 
70-40754199 
 
[ANNEX 3 
COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED PROVISIONS] 
1. 
 
Type of Note: 
Combined Underlying Linked Note 
2. 
 
Return Underlying 
[The Inflation Index specified in Annex [2] (Inflation 
Linked Note Provisions)] 
3. 
 
Risk Underlying 
[The [Index][[ETF] Share] [Single Fund Interest] 
[Basket of Fund Interests][Basket of Indices][Basket 
of Shares] specified in Annex [1] (Equity/Index/Multi 
Underlying Linked Note Provisions)] 
4. 
 
Redemption and Interest 
Provisions 
 
(a)
 
 
Underlying Linked Interest  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Inflation 
Level: 
[[•] / Reference Month: [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Month in 
relation to Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] / [Not applicable] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date 
Reference Month 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Adjusted Fixed/ 
Floating 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
[Floating 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[Determined in accordance with Condition 4 
(Interest)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(B) 
[Fixed Rate 
of Interest: 
[•] / [Not applicable]][Not Applicable]  
 
(C) 
[Gearing 1: 
[•] / [Not applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Spread Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
[Spread: 
[•] / [Not applicable]] 
 
(B) 
[Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] / [Not applicable]]

--- Page 123 ---
Part A – Information Relating to all Notes 
Pro-Forma Final Terms 
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 121 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(C) 
[Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] / [Not applicable]] 
 
(D) 
[Gearing 1: 
[•] / [Not applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Reference 
Month: 
in relation to the 
Maturity Date: 
[•]  
(b)
 
 
Combined Underlying Linked Upside 
Notes with Capital at Risk 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Return Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Risk Threshold 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]] 
 
(iv) 
Cap: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Downside Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Downside Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing 3: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
(c)
 
 
Combined 
Underlying 
(Inflation 
Interest 
and 
Equity/Index/Fund 
Downside) Linked Notes with Capital 
at Risk 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Risk Threshold: 
[[•] per cent. of [Initial Index Level][Initial Share 
Price][Initial Value][Initial Fund Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Downside Return 1: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Downside Return 2: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing 2: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Lower Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Upper Strike: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
5. 
 
Additional Provisions 
(a)
 
 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging][Insolvency 
Filing][ETF 
Modification][Strategy 
Breach][Regulatory 
Action][Cross-contamination] 
(b)
 
 
Business Day: 
[a day on which (i) commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign

--- Page 124 ---
Part A – Information Relating to all Notes 
Pro-Forma Final Terms 
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 122 - 
70-40754199 
 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [•] [and (ii) 
which is a TARGET2 Business Day].]

--- Page 125 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 123 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
[ANNEX [2][4] 
REFERENCE ENTITIES] 
[Insert table of Reference Entities determined by reference to a CDS Index (including, where applicable, 
each Reference Entity's name, ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries of the 
Reference Entity and the name of market on which its securities are listed)] 
Reference 
Entity 
ISIN 
Address 
Country 
of 
Incorporation 
Industry 
Market 
of 
Listing9 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
9 Specify regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market

--- Page 126 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 124 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (save for paragraphs in italics) are the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions") which, together with the Terms and the Additional Terms (as defined below) will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note 
will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Conditions, Terms and Additional Terms. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Investec Bank Limited (the "Issuer") 
constituted by an amended and restated trust deed (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time) dated 17 December 2020 (the "Trust Deed"), made between the Issuer and BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as 
Trustee). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any Definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any Definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated agency agreement (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time) dated 17 December 2020 (the "Agency Agreement"), made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The 
Bank of New York Mellon as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal Paying 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agent 
named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and the other 
transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes ("Definitive Bearer Notes") have interest coupons ("Coupons") 
and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.  
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons.  Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts 
("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on 
issue.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for a Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on such Note which complete these General Terms and Conditions.  References to 
the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached 
to or endorsed on such Note. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below), 
the holders of the Receipts (the "Receiptholders") and the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", 
which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 127 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 125 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for collection or inspection during 
normal business hours at the principal London office for the time being of the Trustee being at 40th Floor, 
One Canada Square, London E14 5AL and at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and any other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
any other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents being together referred to as the "Agents") or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following prior written request to the Trustee or the relevant Agent 
therefor and provision of proof of holding and identity (in form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant 
Agent, as the case may be).  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at and copies 
may be obtained from Investec Bank Limited, 100 Grayston Drive, Sandown, Sandton 2196, PO Box 
785700 Sandton 2146, South Africa or at The Bank of New York Mellon, One Canada Square, London 
E14 5AL or at The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building, Polaris – 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, save that, if this Note is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"), the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them, and are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The statements in these General 
Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In addition to these General Terms and Conditions, certain terms and redemption provisions relating (as 
applicable) to Equity Linked Notes (as set out in Part A), Index Linked Notes (as set out in Part A), Fund 
Linked Notes (as set out in Part A), Multi Underlying Linked Notes (as set out in Part A), Inflation Linked 
Notes (as set out in Part B) or Combined Underlying Linked Notes (as set out in Part C ) (together, the 
"Terms") will apply to the Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Further, in addition to the Conditions and any Terms applicable to the Notes, certain further additional 
terms relating to Credit Linked Notes (as set out in Part D) (the "Additional Terms") will apply to the 
Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes are referred to as "Credit Linked Notes". 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail.  
Subject to the provisions of the Terms, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) any of the applicable 
Terms and the Conditions, the applicable Terms will prevail for the purposes of the relevant Note, (ii) any 
of the applicable Terms and the Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s) provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may

--- Page 128 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 126 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be 
exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Subordinated Capital Notes (as defined in Condition 3.8) may not be issued in bearer form and 
will only be issued in registered form. 
The relevant Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Terms and/or the Additional Terms may also apply to the relevant Note, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The relevant Note may be an Instalment Note, depending upon the Redemption Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Note may also be a Senior Note, or a Subordinated Note as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Subordinated Notes may be Subordinated Capital Notes or Subordinated Notes 
which are not Subordinated Capital Notes, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these General Terms and Conditions are 
not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Agents and the Trustee will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and 
the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agents and the Trustee as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.  In determining whether a particular person is entitled 
to a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, 
such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Trustee.

--- Page 129 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 127 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Notes in 
definitive form ("Definitive Registered Notes") or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only 
in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement and subject to applicable law. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth 
in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any 
such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) 
complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or 
such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as 
the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case 
of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 9, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time.

--- Page 130 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 128 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and the 
related Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Subordinated Notes that are not Subordinated Capital Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 3.2 applies only to Subordinated Notes that are not 
Subordinated Capital Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes that are not Subordinated Capital Notes: If the Notes are 
specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes 
and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu amongst themselves and (save 
for certain debts accorded preferential rights by law) and at least pari passu with all other 
Subordinated Indebtedness. 
(c) 
Subordination: Subordinated Notes (and the related Receipts and Coupons, if any) will 
not be subordinated to any categories of share capital of the Issuer. Subject to Applicable 
Laws, in the event of the dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer: 
(i) 
the claims of each holder of Subordinated Notes (and the related Receipts and 
Coupons, if any) entitled to be paid amounts due under the Subordinated Notes 
(and the related Receipts and Coupons, if any) shall be subordinated to, and rank 
in priority of payment below, all Concurrent Claims; 
(ii) 
no holder of Subordinated Notes (and the related Receipts and Coupons, if any) 
entitled to be paid amounts due under the Subordinated Notes (and the related 
Receipts and Coupons, if any) shall be entitled to prove or tender to prove a claim 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes (and the related Receipts and Coupons, if 
any) until all Concurrent Claims have been paid or provided for in full; and 
(iii) 
no amount due under the Subordinated Notes (and the related Receipts and 
Coupons, if any) shall be eligible for set-off or shall be payable to any holder of 
Subordinated Notes (and the related Receipts and Coupons, if any) entitled to be 
paid such amount until all Concurrent Claims have been paid or provided for in 
full. 
3.3 
Regulatory Capital Requirements and Additional Conditions: Subordinated Capital Notes 
In order for the proceeds of the issuance of Subordinated Notes to qualify as Regulatory Capital, 
Subordinated Notes must comply with the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements and 
Additional Conditions (if any) prescribed by the Prudential Authority in respect of a particular 
Tranche of Subordinated Notes. The Issuer will specify in the applicable Final Terms whether any 
issue of Notes is an issue of Tier 2 Notes the proceeds of which are intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Capital or an issue of Additional Tier 1 Notes the proceeds of which are intended to qualify as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital.  
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of Subordinated Notes the proceeds of which are 
intended to qualify as Regulatory Capital shall rank in accordance with the provisions of the 
Regulations Relating to Banks as set out in Conditions 3.4 (Status of the Tier 2 Notes) and 3.5 
(Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes), as applicable, and in the applicable Final Terms relating to 
such Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 129 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
3.4 
Status of the Tier 2 Notes  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 3.4 applies only to Tier 2 Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Tier 2 Notes: The Tier 2 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) 
constitute direct, unsecured and, in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) (Subordination), 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference or 
priority among themselves and (save for those that have been accorded by law preferential 
rights) at least pari passu with all other claims of creditors of the Issuer which rank or are 
expressed to rank (and which are entitled to rank) pari passu with the Tier 2 Notes. 
(c) 
Subordination: The claims of Tier 2 Noteholders entitled to be paid amounts due in respect 
of the Tier 2 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) are subordinated to the 
claims of Depositors and Senior Creditors and, accordingly, if the Issuer is wound up or 
placed under liquidation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily: 
(i) 
no Tier 2 Noteholder shall be entitled to prove or tender to prove a claim in respect 
of the Tier 2 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any); 
(ii) 
no amount due under the Tier 2 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if 
any) shall be eligible for set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which a Tier 2 Noteholder might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction 
in respect of the Tier 2 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) nor 
shall any amount due under the Tier 2 Notes or the related Receipts and Coupons 
(if any) be payable to any Tier 2 Noteholder; and 
(iii) 
subject to Applicable Law, a Tier 2 Noteholder may not exercise or claim any 
right of set-off in respect of any amount arising out of or in connection with the 
Tier 2 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) owed to it by the Issuer 
and each Tier 2 Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding 
of any Tier 2 Notes, be deemed to have waived all such rights of setoff and, to the 
extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
between: (aa) any amount arising out of or in connection with the Tier 2 Notes 
and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) owed by the Issuer to a Tier 2 
Noteholder; and (bb) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Tier 2 Noteholder, 
such Tier 2 Noteholder will immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to 
the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or liquidation (as the case may be), 
the liquidator, or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer, to be held on 
trust for the Depositors and Senior Creditors, 
until the claims of Depositors and Senior Creditors which are admissible in any such 
winding-up or liquidation have been paid or discharged in full. 
3.5 
Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 3.5 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes: The Additional Tier 1 Notes and the related Receipts 
and Coupons (if any) constitute direct, unsecured and, in accordance with Condition 3.5(c) 
(Subordination), subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference or priority among themselves and (save for those that have been accorded by 
law preferential rights) at least pari passu with all other claims of creditors of the Issuer 
which rank or are expressed to rank (and which are entitled to rank) pari passu with the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
(c) 
Payment out of distributable reserves only: Should the Issuer pay any distribution or 
coupon in respect of an instrument or shares of which the proceeds rank as Additional Tier 
1 Capital, such distribution or coupon shall be paid out of the distributable reserves only, 
as envisaged by regulation 38(11)(b)(vi)(D) of the Regulations Relating to Banks.

--- Page 132 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 130 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(d) 
Subordination: The claims of Additional Tier 1 Noteholders entitled to be paid amounts 
due in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) 
are subordinated to the claims of Depositors, Senior Creditors and the holders of 
Subordinated Debt and, accordingly, if the Issuer is wound up or placed under liquidation, 
whether voluntarily or involuntarily: 
(i) 
no Additional Tier 1 Noteholder shall be entitled to prove or tender to prove a 
claim in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons (if any); 
(ii) 
no amount due under the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons (if any) shall be eligible for set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which an Additional Tier 1 Noteholder might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) nor shall any amount due under the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes or the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) be payable 
to any Additional Tier 1 Noteholder; and 
(iii) 
subject to Applicable Law, an Additional Tier 1 Noteholder may not exercise or 
claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount arising out of or in connection 
with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) 
owed to it by the Issuer and each Additional Tier 1 Noteholder shall, by virtue of 
its subscription, purchase or holding of any Additional Tier 1 Notes, be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off and, to the extent that any set-off takes 
place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: (aa) any amount arising 
out of or in connection with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the related Receipts 
and Coupons (if any) owed by the Issuer to an Additional Tier 1 Noteholder; and 
(bb) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Additional Tier 1 Noteholder, such 
Additional Tier 1 Noteholder will immediately transfer such amount which is set-
off to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or liquidation (as the case may 
be), the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer, to be held on 
trust for Depositors, Senior Creditors and the holders of Subordinated Debt, 
until the claims of Depositors, Senior Creditors and the holders of Subordinated Debt 
which are admissible in any such winding-up or liquidation have been paid or discharged 
in full. 
3.6 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 3.6 applies only to Subordinated Capital Notes and is referred 
to in these General Terms and Conditions as the "Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
Condition".  
(b) 
Trigger Event: Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Issuer will notify holders of 
Subordinated Capital Notes (a "Trigger Event Notice") in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) that a Trigger Event has occurred and subsequently Write-off the relevant Tier 
2 Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes (as applicable), in whole or in part, in accordance with 
the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
(c) 
No compensation: For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay 
compensation in any form to the holders of Subordinated Capital Notes in respect of a 
Write-off of such Notes in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. 
(d) 
No default: For the avoidance of doubt, any Write-off of Subordinated Capital Notes upon 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event will not constitute an Event of Default or any other 
breach of the Issuer's obligations under the General Terms and Conditions. 
3.7 
Disapplication of the Non-Viability Loss Absorption Condition 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 3.7 applies only to Subordinated Capital Notes.

--- Page 133 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 131 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(b) 
Statutory Loss Absorption Regime: If a Statutory Loss Absorption Regime is implemented 
in South Africa and such Statutory Loss Absorption Regime: 
(i) 
is not applied mandatorily to the Subordinated Capital Notes; and 
(ii) 
provides that the Issuer may, or otherwise allows the Issuer to, or does not restrict 
the ability of the Issuer to, elect to apply such Statutory Loss Absorption Regime 
to the Subordinated Capital Notes; 
then the Issuer may at any time, subject to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, 
purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital 
Notes) and by giving notice (the "Amendment Notice") to the holders of Subordinated 
Capital Notes (which Amendment Notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), elect to apply that Statutory Loss Absorption Regime to the 
Subordinated Capital Notes from the date specified in the Amendment Notice (the 
"Amendment Date"), being a date no earlier than the date on which the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Regime takes effect, and upon such Statutory Loss Absorption Regime 
applying to the Subordinated Capital Notes on and from the Amendment Date the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption Condition shall cease to apply to the Subordinated Capital 
Notes (such Issuer option to apply the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime to the 
Subordinated Capital Notes, being the "Amendment Option") provided that: 
(i) 
if the Issuer does not exercise the Amendment Option, and, this non-exercise (x) 
results in the Subordinated Capital Notes being fully or partially excluded from 
the Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital (as applicable) of the Issuer on a 
solo and/or consolidated basis and (y) is the sole reason for such exclusion, then 
such exclusion shall not constitute a Regulatory Event (although this limited 
exclusion is without prejudice to any other rights the Issuer may have if a different 
event occurs or has occurred which is deemed to be a Regulatory Event); and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding (b)(i) above, any mandatory application of the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Regime to the Subordinated Capital Notes under applicable law which 
results in the Subordinated Capital Notes being fully or partially excluded from 
the Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital (as applicable) of the Issuer on a 
solo and/or consolidated basis shall constitute a Regulatory Event under these 
General Terms and Conditions unless such mandatory application of the Statutory 
Loss Absorption Regime would not have resulted in the Tier 2 Notes or the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (as applicable) being so excluded from the Tier 2 Capital 
or the Additional Tier 1 Capital, respectively, of the Issuer had the Issuer 
exercised its Amendment Option. 
(c) 
Automatic disapplication of Non-Viability Loss Absorption Condition: If the Statutory 
Loss Absorption Regime is applied mandatorily to the Subordinated Capital Notes under 
applicable law, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption Condition will (only to the extent 
required by the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime) cease to apply and the Notes will be 
subject to such minimum requirements of the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime required 
to ensure that the Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital 
(as applicable) with effect from the date on which the Statutory Loss Absorption Regime 
takes effect. 
(d) 
Notification etc.: For the avoidance of doubt, if a Trigger Event occurs on or after such 
date on which the Non-Viability Loss Absorption Condition ceases to apply, (a) the Issuer 
will notify holders of the Subordinated Capital Notes in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) that a Trigger Event has occurred and (b) the Prudential Authority or the Issuer, 
following instructions from the Prudential Authority, may take such action in respect of 
the Subordinated Capital Notes as is required or permitted by such Statutory Loss 
Absorption Regime. 
3.8 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 134 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 132 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Additional Conditions" means, in relation to any issue of Notes, the proceeds of which are 
intended by the Issuer to qualify as Regulatory Capital, such conditions, in addition to the 
conditions specified in the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, as may be prescribed by 
the Prudential Authority for the proceeds of the issue of such Notes to qualify as Regulatory 
Capital. 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means "additional tier 1 capital" as defined in the Banks Act; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital Regulations" means Regulation 38(11)(b) of the Regulations 
Relating to Banks and/or such other provisions of the Regulatory Capital Requirements with which 
the instruments and/or shares contemplated in that Regulation 38(11)(b) (including the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) must comply in order for the proceeds of the issue of such instruments and/or shares 
to rank as Additional Tier 1 Capital; 
"Additional Tier 1 Noteholder" means a holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note; 
"Additional Tier 1 Notes" means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and 
complying with the Additional Tier 1 Capital Regulations; 
"Applicable Laws" means, in relation to a person, all and any South African (A) statutes and 
subordinate legislation, (B) regulations, ordinances and directives, (C) by-laws, (D) codes of 
practice, circulars, guidance notices, judgments and decisions of any competent authority, and 
(E) other similar provisions, from time to time, applicable to that person and/or compliance with 
which is mandatory for that person; 
"Banks Act" means the South African Banks Act, 1990 (as amended from time to time); 
"CET 1 Ratio" means, in relation to the Issuer at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
ratio of the Issuer at that time, as determined in accordance with the applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements; 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital" means "common equity tier 1 capital" as defined in the Banks 
Act; 
"Concurrent Claims" means all unsecured, non-preferent, unsubordinated claims of creditors of 
the Issuer including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the claims of the holders of 
Senior Notes, proved in the dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer; 
"Deposit" means a "deposit" as defined in the Banks Act; 
"Depositor" means any person having a claim against the Issuer in respect of a Deposit; 
"Guidance Note 6" means Guidance Note 6 of 2017 (Loss absorbency requirements for 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments) issued by the South African Reserve Bank on 14 
August 2017 in terms of section 6(5) of the Banks Act, or such other replacement or successor 
guidance note, directive or circular; 
"Prudential Authority" means the Prudential Authority as appointed under section 32 of the 
South African Financial Sector Regulation Act, 2017; 
"Regulations Relating to Banks" means the Regulations promulgated under section 90 of the 
Banks Act (published on 12 December 2012 as No. R. 12 1029 in Government Gazette No. 35950), 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Regulatory Capital" means, as applicable, Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital; 
"Regulatory Capital Requirements" means, at any time, any capital regulations, any legislation, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in 
South Africa in relation to banks registered under the Banks Act and licensed to conduct the 
business of a bank in South Africa (including, but not limited to, the Regulations Relating to Banks 
and the Additional Conditions (if any)) (or if the Issuer becomes domiciled in a jurisdiction other 
than South Africa, any legislation, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to

--- Page 135 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 133 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
capital adequacy then in effect in such other jurisdiction in relation to banks registered in, and 
licensed to conduct the business of a bank in, such other jurisdiction); 
"SA Companies Act" means the South African Companies Act, 2008 (as amended from time to 
time); 
"Senior Creditors" means: 
(a) 
all creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of Senior Notes) whose claims against the 
Issuer are in respect of unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
all creditors of the Issuer whose claims are, or are expressed to be (or are deemed under 
the Regulatory Capital Requirements to be), subordinated to the claims of other creditors 
of the Issuer other than the claims of (i) all creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank or 
are expressed to rank (or are deemed under the Regulatory Capital Requirements to rank) 
pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of Subordinated Notes that are not 
Subordinated Capital Notes (ii) all creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank or are 
expressed to rank (or are deemed under the Regulatory Capital Requirements to rank) pari 
passu with, or junior to, the claims of the Tier 2 Noteholders, or (iii) all creditors of the 
Issuer whose claims rank or are expressed to rank (or are deemed under the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements to rank) pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of the Additional 
Tier 1 Noteholders; 
"Senior Notes" means Notes issued with the status and characteristics set out in Condition 3.1 
(Status of the Senior Notes) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"South Africa" means the Republic of South Africa; 
"Statutory Loss Absorption Regime" means any legal, statutory or regulatory regime or 
requirement implemented in South Africa which provides the Prudential Authority or another 
dedicated authority with (i) special resolution powers in respect of systemically-important and 
other financial institutions and/or (ii) the power to implement principal loss absorption measures 
in respect of capital instruments (such as Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital) in 
accordance with Basel III (being the set of minimum global standards for banks issued by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 and revised in July 2011, or its 
successor or replacement standard) and which legal, statutory or regulatory regime or requirement 
so implemented: 
(a) 
requires the capital instrument to be written off upon the occurrence of a trigger event 
specified by the Prudential Authority or other dedicated authority in writing; or 
(b) 
requires the capital instrument to be converted to the most subordinated form of equity of 
the Issuer; or 
(c) 
otherwise requires the instrument to absorb loss before tax payers or ordinary depositors 
are exposed to loss; 
"Subordinated Capital Notes" means Subordinated Notes the proceeds of which are intended to 
qualify as Regulatory Capital in accordance with the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements; 
"Subordinated Debt" means in relation to Additional Tier 1 Notes, any subordinated debt issued 
by the Issuer which ranks or is expressed to rank (or is deemed under the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements to rank) senior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes and/or instruments the proceeds of 
which qualify (or are deemed under the Regulatory Capital Requirements to qualify) as Additional 
Tier 1 Capital; 
"Subordinated Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of moneys 
borrowed, including guarantees given by the Issuer in respect of such indebtedness (including 
indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes), under which the right of payment 
of the person(s) entitled thereto is, or is expressed to be, or is required by any present or future

--- Page 136 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 134 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
agreement of the Issuer to be, subordinated to Concurrent Claims in the event of the dissolution, 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer;  
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes (including Subordinated Capital Notes), specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, issued, in the case of Subordinated Notes that are not Subordinated 
Capital Notes, with the status and characteristics set out in Condition 3.2 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes that are not Subordinated Capital Notes), in the case of Subordinated Capital 
Notes the proceeds of which are intended to constitute Tier 2 Capital, with the status and 
characteristics set out in Condition 3.4 (Status of the Tier 2 Notes) and in the case of Subordinated 
Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended to constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital, with the 
status and characteristics set out in Condition 3.5 (Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
"Tier 2 Capital" means "tier 2 capital" as defined in the Banks Act; 
"Tier 2 Capital Regulations" means Regulation 38(12) of the Regulations Relating to Banks 
and/or such other provisions of the Regulatory Capital Requirements with which the instruments 
and/or shares contemplated in that Regulation (including the Tier 2 Notes) must comply in order 
for the proceeds of the issue of such instruments and/or shares to rank as Tier 2 Capital; 
"Tier 2 Noteholder" means a holder of a Tier 2 Note;  
"Tier 2 Notes" means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and complying with the 
Tier 2 Capital Regulations;  
A "Trigger Event": 
(d) 
in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Capital and Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended to 
qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital which are accounted for as equity, shall occur when a 
"trigger event", as specified in a notice in writing by the Prudential Authority to the Issuer 
in accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements, has occurred; provided that, as 
a minimum, the aforesaid "trigger event" shall be the earlier of: 
(i) 
a decision that a Write-off, without which the Issuer (on a consolidated basis or 
as otherwise required by the Regulatory Capital Requirements) would become 
non-viable, is necessary as determined by the Prudential Authority; and 
(ii) 
a decision to make a public sector injection of capital, or equivalent support, 
without which the Issuer (on a consolidated basis or as otherwise required by the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements) would have become non-viable as determined 
by the Prudential Authority; and 
(e) 
in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended to qualify as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital which are accounted for as liabilities, will be the first to occur 
of the following events: 
(i) 
the occurrence of the "trigger event" specified in writing by the Prudential 
Authority; provided that, as a minimum, the aforesaid "trigger event" shall be the 
earlier of: 
(A) 
a decision that a Write-off, without which the Issuer (on a consolidated 
basis or as otherwise required by the Regulatory Capital Requirements) 
would become non-viable, is necessary as determined by the Prudential 
Authority; and 
(B) 
a decision to make a public sector injection of capital, or equivalent 
support, without which the Issuer (on a consolidated basis or as otherwise 
required by the Regulatory Capital Requirements) would have become 
non-viable as determined by the Prudential Authority; and

--- Page 137 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 135 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
the CET 1 Ratio of the Issuer is equal to or falls below the value of risk-weighted 
exposures set out in Guidance Note 6 (or such other amount of risk-weighted 
exposures as may from time to time be prescribed in the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements); and 
"Write-off" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Tier 2 Notes: 
(i) 
the Tier 2 Notes shall be cancelled (in the case of a write off in whole) or written 
down in part on a pro rata basis (in the case of write off in part), in accordance 
with the Regulatory Capital Requirements and as determined by the Prudential 
Authority; and 
(ii) 
all rights of any Tier 2 Noteholders for payment of any amounts under or in 
respect of the Tier 2 Notes, or the written off portion thereof, as the case may be, 
(including, without limitation, any amounts arising as a result of, or due and 
payable upon the occurrence of, an Event of Default) shall, as the case may be, 
be cancelled or written off pro rata among the Tier 2 Noteholders and, in each 
case, not restored under any circumstances, irrespective of whether such amounts 
have become due and payable prior to the date of the Trigger Event Notice and 
even if the Trigger Event has ceased; and 
(b) 
in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
(i) 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be cancelled (in the case of a write off in whole) 
or written down in part on a pro rata basis (in the case of write off in part), in 
accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements and as determined by the 
Prudential Authority; and 
(ii) 
all rights of any Additional Tier 1 Noteholders for payment of any amounts under 
or in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, or the written off portion thereof, as 
the case may be, (including, without limitation, any amounts arising as a result of, 
or due and payable upon the occurrence of, an Event of Default) shall, as the case 
may be, be cancelled or written off pro rata among the Additional Tier 1 
Noteholders and, in each case, not restored under any circumstances, irrespective 
of whether such amounts have become due and payable prior to the date of the 
Trigger Event Notice and even if the Trigger Event has ceased. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE (SENIOR NOTES ONLY) 
This Condition 4 only applies to the Senior Notes. So long as any of the Senior Notes remain 
outstanding the Issuer will ensure that no Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will be secured by any Security Interest upon, or with respect to, 
any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a 
Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all 
action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Senior Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are 
secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness to 
the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not it includes 
the giving of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute 
discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as 
is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
In these General Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 138 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 136 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Central Bank" means the South African Reserve Bank or any other central bank, federal reserve 
or equivalent body in any jurisdiction, or any other entity established and operated by any of the 
aforementioned parties; 
"Covered Bonds" means bonds, notes or other securities (however defined) designated by the 
Issuer as covered bonds and secured on a segregated pool of assets; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities (other than Covered Bonds) which are for the time being 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over the counter or other securities 
market and having a maturity in excess of one year and denominated, payable or optionally payable 
in a currency other than the South African Rand, and (b) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any such indebtedness; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest, but 
excluding any such security interest: 
(A) arising (i) by operation of law or (ii) under the standard or usual business conditions 
of any person or entity with which the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary maintains a 
business relationship in the ordinary course of business; or 
(B) granted by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in respect of or in connection with Relevant 
Indebtedness issued in order to secure the obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary to 
any Central Bank in respect of any liquidity facility or any other funding arrangement 
provided by such Central Bank; and 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any company of which the Issuer is a member and 
(a) in which the Issuer holds a majority of the voting rights or (b) the Issuer has the right to appoint 
or remove directors holding a majority of the voting rights at meetings of the board or (c) the Issuer 
controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
5.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, but after 
prior consultation with the Trustee and in accordance with the South African Exchange Control 
Regulations, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the 
Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of €0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange 
(if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed 
amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (d) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of

--- Page 139 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 137 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest €0.01; 
(c) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of 
€100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent may determine and 
notify to the Noteholders and any remaining amounts less than €100,000 shall be 
redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in accordance with Condition 
8; and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in the denominations of 
€1,000, €10,000, €100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than 
€1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee may 
approve) €0.01 and such other denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall 
determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them.  The 
payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void 
on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer.  New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be 
issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice.  No Exchange Notice may be given 
less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro.  Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to 
a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the full nominal amount outstanding of the Notes, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
and 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention and then multiplying such rounded 
figure by the number of times the relevant Definitive Note can be divided by the 
Calculation Amount; and 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
5.2 
Definitions 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 140 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 138 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.1 above and which falls 
on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union; 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST PAYMENTS ON ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES 
This Condition 6 (Interest Payments on Additional Tier 1 Notes) applies only to Additional Tier 1 
Notes. 
6.1 
If the Issuer elects at any time not to pay, or is obligated to elect not to pay, as the case may be, an 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") on the relevant Interest Payment Date (as defined 
below) in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest Payments on Additional Tier 1 Notes), the 
Issuer shall have full access to the relevant Interest Amount (or the relevant portion thereof) to 
meet any relevant obligation as it falls due. 
6.2 
Subject to Condition 6.4 (which imposes an obligation on the Issuer to elect not to pay the relevant 
Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date under the circumstances described in that 
Condition), the Issuer shall at all times have full discretion as to whether or not to pay the relevant 
Interest Amount (or any portion thereof) on the relevant Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer may 
at any time elect not to pay the relevant Interest Amount (or any portion thereof) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. If the Issuer at any time elects not to pay the relevant Interest Amount (or 
any portion thereof) on the relevant Interest Payment Date, it shall give notice of such election to 
the Additional Tier 1 Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.3 
Interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will not be cumulative. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall elect not to pay the relevant Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
if it is in breach of the Regulatory Capital Requirements on the Business Day prior to such Interest 
Payment Date or would be in breach of the Regulatory Capital Requirements if the relevant Interest 
Amount (or any portion thereof) were paid on such Interest Payment Date. If the Issuer is obligated 
to elect not to pay the relevant Interest Amount (or any portion thereof) on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date pursuant to this Condition 6.4, it shall give notice of such fact to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and to the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, and to the Prudential Authority. 
6.5 
If the Issuer elects (or is obligated to elect) not to pay the relevant Interest Amount (or any portion 
thereof) on the relevant Interest Payment Date in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest 
Payments on Additional Tier 1 Notes), then (i) the obligation that the Issuer would have had in the 
absence of such election to pay the relevant Interest Amount to the Additional Tier 1 Noteholders 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be extinguished in its entirety, (ii) any failure to pay 
such Interest Amount shall not constitute a default by the Issuer or any other breach of obligations 
under the Additional Tier 1 Notes or for any other purposes, and (iii) an Additional Tier 1 
Noteholder will have no claim in respect of any such non-payment.

--- Page 141 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 139 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
7. 
INTEREST 
7.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  For so long as any of the 
Fixed Rate Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on the full nominal amount outstanding of the Fixed 
Rate Notes and will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them 
to entitled accountholders in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures.  In respect 
of each definitive Fixed Rate Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, or if, in the 
case of Notes in definitive form, no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount outstanding of the 
Fixed Rate Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 7.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (A) the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (I)

--- Page 142 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 140 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual – ISDA" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(f)  
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the relevant 
period of time (the "Calculation Period") divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g)  
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾ360 ∗ሺܻଶെܻଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ∗ሺܯଶെܯଵሻሿ൅ሺܦଶെܦଵሻ
360

--- Page 143 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 141 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(h)  
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ሾ360 ∗ሺܻଶെܻଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ∗ሺܯଶെܯଵሻሿ൅ሺܦଶെܦଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(i) 
if "Act/365L" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if the later Period 
End Date of the Interest Period falls in a leap year, divided by 366). 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first

--- Page 144 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 142 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls on the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which expression shall, 
in these General Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date).  For so long as any of the Floating Rate Notes are represented by 
a Global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will 
be calculated on the full nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Notes and will be 
paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled 
accountholders in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures.  In respect 
of each definitive Floating Rate Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal 
amount. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
7.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day save in respect of 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment 
Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during 
the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; or

--- Page 145 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 143 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means (other than in respect of 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms) a 
day which is both: 
I. 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
II. 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET 
System") is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions", including, if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement) and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option 
is based on the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on the Euro-
zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the first day of that Interest 
Period or (II) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 146 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 144 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA 
and/or SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms), 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no offered quotation appears or 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) 
or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR)

--- Page 147 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 145 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
(iii) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(A) 
This Condition 7.2(b)(iii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SONIA". 
(B) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.2(b)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 
ܱܵܰܫܣ݅ x ݊݅
365
൰
݀݋
݅ൌ 1
െ1቏x 
365
݀
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days (which 
shall not be fewer that five London Banking Days) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p

--- Page 148 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 146 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling p  London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference 
Rate shall be: 
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking 
Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
(E) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.2(b)(iii), the Rate of Interest 
shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(F) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 
(Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date 
on which the Notes became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the 
Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate 
determined on such date. 
(iv) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR

--- Page 149 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 147 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(A) 
This Condition 7.2(b)(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR". 
(B) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will 
the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate 
of Interest. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.2(b)(iv): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 7.2(b)(iv).  
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For 
this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific 
formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days 
that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the Observation Period 
will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 7.2(b)(iv)(D) below will 
apply.  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment 
Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on 
any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where 
"p" has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms and which shall not be 
fewer that five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 150 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 148 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(1)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(2)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
 
where:  
"do", for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
(D) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes

--- Page 151 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 149 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Trustee or Noteholders.  At the request of the Issuer, but subject to 
receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7.2(b)(iv)(F) below, the Trustee and 
the Agents shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged use its 
reasonable endeavours to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement), provided that neither the Trustee nor any Agent 
shall be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee or an Agent, 
as applicable, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to it in these Gerneral 
Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement (as 
applicable) in any way and neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof.  
(E) 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(1)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(2) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(3)  
notwithstanding 
anything 
to 
the 
contrary 
in 
the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and 
(y) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(2) 
the sum of: (x) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (y) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(3) 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (y) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 152 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 150 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(1)  
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (x) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(y) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or  
(2)  
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such

--- Page 153 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 151 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(3) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (x) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (y) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(F) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 7.2(b)(iv)  will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents

--- Page 154 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 152 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which 
such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer:  
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
7.2(b)(iv); and  
(2)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Trustee shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for 
so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(c) 
Fallback  
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, and subject to Condition 7.5 (Benchmark 
Replacement) below, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 7.2(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Notes are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being Reset Notes. 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding principal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the

--- Page 155 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 153 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to 
the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 7.1) and on 
the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or 
as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 7.1. 
(iii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination 
Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
In these General Terms and Conditions:    
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date 
until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final 
redemption;      
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 7.2(e)(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the First Margin; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplements (as 
amended and updated as at the date of issue of of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 156 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 154 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject 
to Condition 7.2(e)(iii), either:  
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or  
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,  
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date 
(i) the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond

--- Page 157 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 155 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per 
annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal 
to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as determined 
by the Calculation  Agent, provided that if only one Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond 
Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to the Reference 
Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset 
Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, 
and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues;  
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the 
arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable 
in arrear on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, 
three, six or 12 months or at such other date or intervals as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms);  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as 
the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be 
Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as having the 
nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period 
and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt

--- Page 158 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 156 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period;  
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the 
Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 7.2(e)(iii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest or Interest Amount is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes, or Interest Amount in respect of Reset Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable).  
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note held 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount 
outstanding of the relevant Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7.2: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 159 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 157 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(F) 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(G) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 160 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 158 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(I)  
if "Act/365L" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if 
the later Period End Date of the Interest Period falls in a leap year, divided by 
366), 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Interest Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Interest Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Interest Period; 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified promptly to the Issuer, the Trustee and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) 
are for the time being listed (and in any event no later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period in respect of any Floating Rate Notes.  Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16.  For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.

--- Page 161 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 159 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 7.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or negligence) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
7.3 
Underlying Linked Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that part or all of the interest in relation to the Notes will be 
calculated on an "Inflation Linked Interest", "Equity Linked Interest", "Fund Linked Interest" or 
"Index Linked Interest" basis, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the amount of inflation-
linked, equity-linked, fund-linked or index-linked interest payable on the relevant Notes in 
accordance with the additional terms that apply to such Notes as set out in the relevant section of 
Part A (Equity Linked Notes) or Part B (Inflation Linked Notes), as applicable. 
7.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
7.5 
Benchmark Replacement  
This Condition 7.5 shall not apply to Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of which the provisions of Condition 7B 
(Interest - Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR) and benchmark discontinuation provisions of 
Condition 7B(d) will apply. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7.5));  
(i) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset 
rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, 
or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is 
most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or

--- Page 162 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 160 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of 
an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the 
IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in 
respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines 
that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), and 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and 
the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the 
Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating 
to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate applicable to such Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for a term equivalent to the Relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last 
preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) (though 
substituting, where a different First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Relevant 
Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period, the First Margin, Subsequent Margin or Relevant Margin (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes 
for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7.5); 
(iv) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(v) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser 
(with the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify 
changes to the Day Count Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the 
Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, 
in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread ("Benchmark Amendments"), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest

--- Page 163 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 161 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.5); 
and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and 
Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
(vii) 
No later than notifying the the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, and, (z) 
where applicable, the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7.5; and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Trustee shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so acting 
or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or 
may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(viii) 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7.5(vii) 
above, the Trustee and Agents shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged use its 
reasonable endeavours to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement), provided that neither the 
Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee 
or an Agent, as applicable, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to it in these Gerneral Terms and 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement (as applicable) in any way 
and neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that it 
has ceased publishing, or will cease publishing by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"), such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or

--- Page 164 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 162 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate that, in the view of such supervisor or administrator, 
such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
In these General Terms and Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines should be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), 
as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made, or option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant 
experience in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense;

--- Page 165 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 163 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, 
if available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7.6 
FX Factors 
Where FX Factor is specified to apply in respect of Interest Amounts, any Interest Amount payable 
pursuant to this Condition 7 (Interest), shall be multiplied by the Interest FX Factor (as applicable). 
"Interest FX Factor" means the Interest FX Factor specified in the Final Terms (if any). 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
8.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne 
and Wellington, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
8.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 8.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments 
of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)).

--- Page 166 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 164 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.1 
above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Bearer Note to which it 
appertains.  Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any Definitive Bearer Note 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 10) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 11) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
8.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
Definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent.  A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global 
Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent and such record shall be prima 
facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
8.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Subordinated Notes the proceeds of which are 
intended to qualify as Regulatory Capital, will be subject to Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Notes 
and Subordination) and Condition 6 (Interest Payments on Additional Tier 1 Notes).  Payments of 
principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender

--- Page 167 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 165 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the 
Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn 
on a Designated Bank (as defined below).  For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the 
account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a 
non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than 
euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency) is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a 
Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the "Record Date") at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and 
at his risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three 
business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date 
for any payment of interest or an instalment of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided 
in the preceding paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future 
payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder 
who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the 
contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on 
redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of 
the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
In the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Note which is in global form, the "Record 
Date" shall be the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment, where 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Note is being held is open for business. 
8.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The bearer or registered holder (as the case may be) of a Global Note shall be the only person 
entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the bearer or registered holder of such Global 
Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or

--- Page 168 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 166 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the 
bearer or registered holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
8.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay.  For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 11) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
London; 
(iii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne 
and Wellington, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET System is open. 
In the case of any payment in respect of a Global Note, the place of presentation and London shall 
be disregarded for the purposes of the above definition of "Payment Day". 
8.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
10; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;

--- Page 169 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 167 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
9.5); and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 10 (Taxation) or any other such amount payable pursuant to the Terms. 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption 
(a) 
Subject to the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements and Condition 9.9 (Conditions 
to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of 
Subordinated Capital Notes) in respect of the Tier 2 Notes and subject to any applicable 
Terms or Additional Terms, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 
8 (Payments).  
(b) 
Additional Tier 1 Notes have no Maturity Date and (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 12.4 (Events of Default - Additional Tier 1 Notes)): 
(i) 
shall only be redeemed, at their outstanding nominal amount together with 
accrued interest (if any), on a winding-up (other than pursuant to a Solvent 
Reconstruction) or liquidation of the Issuer subject to Condition 3.5 (Status of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
may only be redeemed, substituted, varied or purchased, prior to a winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this 
Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) (and specifically Condition 9.9 
(Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or 
variation of Subordinated Capital Notes)) and Condition 3.5 (Status of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes), as applicable. 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject, in the case of Subordinated Capital 
Notes, to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, 
substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes)) in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if a Tax Event occurs and is continuing, provided, however, that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would not be entitled (or such entitlement is 
materially reduced) to claim a deduction in respect of computing its taxation liabilities. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and that

--- Page 170 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 168 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
the payment of such additional amounts cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which case it shall be 
binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 9.10 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
9.3 
Redemption for regulatory reasons 
Subject to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, 
substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes), if a Regulatory Event has occurred and 
is continuing, Subordinated Capital Notes may be redeemed, at the option of the Issuer (in whole 
but not in part), at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) by the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.3, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authtorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. Upon the expiry of 
any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9.3, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 9.3. 
9.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject, in the case of 
Subordinated Capital Notes, to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, 
modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes)), having (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar), the competent authority or stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, if any (if 
required by such competent authority or stock exchange) and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Noteholders (which notices shall be irrevocable redeem all or some only (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date(s).  Upon expiry of such notice the Issuer (subject, in the case of 
Subordinated Capital Notes, to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, 
modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes)) shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes accordingly.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount or a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by Definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the "Selection Date").  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 16 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note 
will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the 
date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date.

--- Page 171 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 169 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of the holders of Senior Notes (Investor Put) 
If this Note is a Senior Note and Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then, if 
and to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms upon the holder of this Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in part), such 
Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  It may 
be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need 
to have occurred.  Where relevant, such conditions and/or circumstances will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must deliver such Note, on any Business Day (as defined in Condition 7.2) falling 
within the notice period at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Note 
is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to 
the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or any other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant to this Condition 9.5 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and the Trustee has declared the Senior Notes to be due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 12 in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this Condition 9.5. 
9.6 
Redemption following Hedging Event 
Unless this Condition 9.6 (Redemption following Hedging Event) is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if in relation to a Series of Notes the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Hedging Event (as defined below) has occurred, and for as long as a Hedging 
Event is continuing, the Issuer, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' to the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes, to Condition 
9.9 (Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of 
Subordinated Capital Notes)), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount (as determined in accordance with 
Condition 9.10 (Early Redemption Amounts) below) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 172 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 170 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Hedging Event" means the occurrence of either of the following events or circumstances arising 
due to any reason (including but not limited to the adoption of, application of or change of any 
applicable law or regulation after the Issue Date of a Series of Notes): 
(i) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable for the Issuer or its counterparty of any hedging 
transaction to: 
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge its obligations with respect 
to the relevant Notes (a "Hedging Transaction"); or 
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedging Transaction; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the counterparty under such Hedging Transaction would be subject to an 
increased cost (as compared to the circumstances existing on the Issue Date in respect of 
such Series of Notes) in entering into or maintaining any Hedging Transaction (including, 
but not limited to, any internal cost arising as a result of compliance with any applicable 
law or regulation), 
in each case as determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.6, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, however nothing 
shall oblige the Issuer to disclose any commercially sensitive information to the Trustee.  
9.7 
Redemption following Illegality 
If, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion or the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Illegality Event (as defined below) has occurred, the Issuer, having given 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), may 
(subject, in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes, to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to redemption, 
purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated Capital Notes)), on 
expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount (as determined in accordance with Condition 9.10 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) below) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
"Illegality Event" means that: 
(i) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations shall have become unlawful or impracticable, 
in whole or in part, in particular as a result of compliance with any applicable present or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or 
request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer would be subject to an increased cost (as compared to the circumstances 
existing on the Issue Date in respect of such Series of Notes) in entering into or 
maintaining a Series of Notes in particular as a result of compliance with any applicable 
present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any 
requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.6, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.

--- Page 173 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 171 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
9.8 
Substitution or variation 
(a) 
Where Substitution or Variation for Subordinated Capital Notes is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, and a Tax Event as contemplated in Condition 
9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), a Regulatory Event as contemplated in Condition 9.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons), a Hedging Event as contemplated in Condition 9.6 
(Redemption following Hedging Event) or an Illegality Event as contemplated in 
Condition 9.7 (Redemption following Illegality) has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may, instead of giving notice to redeem, subject to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to 
redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of 
Subordinated Capital Notes) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent (which notices shall be irrevocable), but without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, at any time: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended to 
qualify as Tier 2 Capital, substitute all (but not only some) of the Tier 2 Notes in 
a Series for, or vary the terms of such Tier 2 Notes in that Series such that they 
remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Tier 2 Securities; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes the proceeds of which are intended to 
qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, substitute all (but not only some) of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in a Series for, or vary the terms of such Additional Tier 
1 Notes in that Series such that they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Securities or Qualifying Tier 2 Securities. 
(b) 
Upon the expiry of the notice contemplated in Condition 9.8(a), the Issuer shall either vary 
the terms of or substitute the relevant Subordinated Capital Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation). The Issuer shall, in connection with any 
substitution or variation of a Series of Subordinated Capital Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation), comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which that Series of Subordinated Capital Notes is listed. 
(c) 
The Trustee shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
use its reasonable endeavours (at the expense of the Issuer) to execute any documents 
necessary to effect the substitution of the Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the 
Notes so that they remain, or as the case may be, become, Qualifying Tier 2 Securities or 
Additional Tier 1 Securiites (as applicable), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged 
to execute any such documents if, in the Trustee’s opinion, doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in 
these General Terms and Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party in any 
way against which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
If the Trustee does not execute any necessary documents as provided above, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes as provided elsewhere in this Condition 9. 
9.9 
Conditions to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of 
Subordinated Capital Notes 
(a) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) and 
subject as provided below, for so long as the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements 
so require (i) Tier 2 Notes (which at the time of redemption, purchase, cancellation, 
modification, substitution or variation constitute Tier 2 Capital) may only be redeemed, 
purchased or cancelled (in each case, in whole or in part) prior to the Maturity Date, or 
modified, substituted or varied pursuant to Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation) and 
(ii) Additional Tier 1 Notes (which at the time of redemption purchase, cancellation, 
modification, substitution or variation constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital) may only be 
redeemed, purchased, cancelled (in each case, in whole or in part), modified, substituted 
or varied pursuant to Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation), at the option of the Issuer, 
and only if:

--- Page 174 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 172 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer has notified the Prudential Authority of, and the Prudential Authority 
has consented in writing to, such redemption, purchase, cancellation, 
modification, substitution or variation, as the case may be, subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Prudential Authority may deem appropriate (in any case, 
only if and to the extent that such notification or consent is required in terms of 
the Regulatory Capital Requirements) (subject to any prescribed notice periods 
with which the Issuer may need to comply, if any, in the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements); 
(ii) 
the redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, of the Subordinated Capital Notes is not prohibited by the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements (including any prohibitions on redemption prior 
to the lapsing of a minimum initial period of issue in the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements); 
(iii) 
in the case of redemption, purchase or cancellation, as the case may be, unless the 
Prudential Authority is satisfied that the Issuer is duly capitalised above the 
minimum capital requirements after the redemption, purchase or cancellation, the 
Issuer concurrently replaces the Subordinated Capital Notes being redeemed, 
purchased or cancelled with capital of similar or better quality and the 
replacement of capital is done at conditions that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
both at the time when the notice of redemption, modification, substitution or 
variation is given and immediately following such redemption, modification, 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, the Issuer is or will be, as the case 
may be, in compliance with its capital adequacy requirements as provided in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements (except to the extent that the Prudential 
Authority no longer so requires), as confirmed by the Prudential Authority. 
(b) 
Subject to the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, Tier 2 Notes may be redeemed 
at maturity, provided that, for so long as is required by the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, Tier 2 Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of 5 (five) years and 1 
(one) day and accordingly, the Maturity Date specified pursuant to Condition 9.1 
(Scheduled redemption) shall comply with this requirement. 
9.10 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 9.2 to 9.7 above and Condition 12 (Events of Default), each Note 
will be redeemed (subject, in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes, to Condition 9.9 (Conditions 
to redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated 
Capital Notes)) at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note), 
unless paragraph (b) or (c) below applies to the relevant Series of Notes, at the amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount;  
(b) 
in the case of "Fair Market Value" being specified as the Early Redemption Amount, in 
relation to any Note which is to be redeemed early, its fair market value as of the early 
redemption date less any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates in respect of amending or liquidating any financial instruments or transactions 
entered into in connection with the Notes in respect of the early redemption of the Notes 
(all as determined by the Calculation Agent); or  
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:

--- Page 175 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 173 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
in each case, subject to Condition 9.12 (FX Factors) below. 
9.11 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates.  In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to 
Condition 9.10 (Early Redemption Amounts). 
9.12 
FX Factors 
Where FX Factors is specified to apply in respect of Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount, such Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
shall be multiplied by the Early Redemption FX Factor or Final Redemption FX Factor (as 
applicable). 
"Early Redemption FX Factor" means the Early Redemption FX Factor specified in the Final 
Terms (if any). 
"Final Redemption FX Factor" means the Final Redemption FX Factor specified in the Final 
Terms (if any). 
9.13 
Purchases 
The Issuer (subject, in the case of Subordinated Capital Notes, to Condition 9.9 (Conditions to 
redemption, purchase, cancellation, modification, substitution or variation of Subordinated 
Capital Notes)) or any of its Subsidiaries, any Holding Company of the Issuer or any other 
Subsidiary of any such Holding Company, may (subject as provided above) at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) in any manner or at any price.  If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. 
"Holding Company" means, in relation to the Issuer, any company which is a member of the 
Issuer and (a) which holds a majority of the voting rights in the Issuer or (b) has the right to appoint 
or remove directors holding a majority of the voting rights at meetings of the board of the Issuer 
or (c) controls a majority of the voting rights of the Issuer, and includes any company which is a 
Holding Company of a Holding Company of the Issuer. 
9.14 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All 
Notes so cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.  Notes 
purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, any Holding Company of the Issuer or any other 
Subsidiary of any such Holding Company may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
9.15 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4 or 9.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 12 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 9.10(c)

--- Page 176 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 174 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(Early Redemption Amounts) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
9.16 
Definitions 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Maturity Period" means in relation to a Tranche of Tier 2 Notes, the period from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities" means in relation to a Tranche of Additional Tier 1 
Notes, securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of Additional Tier 1 Notes than the 
terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes being substituted or varied in accordance with 
Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation) (as reasonably determined by the Issuer), and 
provided that a certification to such effect signed by two Authrosied Signatories of the 
Issuer shall have been delivered to the Trustee prior to the issue or, as appropriate, 
variation of the relevant securities and is so stated in the certificate), and which Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Securities (a) contain terms which comply with the then current 
minimum requirements of the Prudential Authority in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital, 
required to ensure that such Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Securities qualify as Additional 
Tier 1 Capital, (b) include terms which provide for the same rate of interest, dividend or 
distribution rate or rate of return from time to time applying to the Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
and preserve the Interest Payment Dates, (c) rank at least pari passu with the ranking of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes, (d) preserve any existing rights under the General Terms and 
Conditions to any accrued interest or other amounts which have not been paid and (e) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) 
of the Issuer as to redemption of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, including, without limitation, 
as to the timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; and 
(b) 
if the Additional Tier 1 Notes being substituted or varied in accordance with Condition 
9.8 (Substitution or variation) are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), (i) continue to be listed on the Euronext Dublin 
or (ii) are listed on such other stock exchange at that time as selected by the Issuer; 
"Qualifying Tier 2 Securities" means in relation to a Tranche of Tier 2 Notes, securities issued 
directly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of Tier 2 Notes than the terms of the 
Tier 2 Notes being substituted or varied in accordance with Condition 9.8 (Substitution or 
variation) (as reasonably determined by the Issuer), and provided that a certification to 
such effect signed by two Authrosied Signatories of the Issuer shall have been delivered 
to the Trustee prior to the issue or, as appropriate, variation of the relevant securities and 
is so stated in the certificate), and which Qualifying Tier 2 Securities (a) contain terms 
which comply with the then current minimum requirements of the Prudential Authority in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital, required to ensure that such Qualifying Tier 2 Securities qualify 
as Tier 2 Capital, (b) include terms which provide for the same rate of interest, dividend 
or distribution rate or rate of return from time to time applying to the Tier 2 Notes, and 
preserve the Interest Payment Dates, (c) rank at least pari passu with the ranking of the 
Tier 2 Notes, (d) preserve any existing rights under the General Terms and Conditions to 
any accrued interest or other amounts which have not been paid and (e) preserve the 
obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer

--- Page 177 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 175 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
as to redemption of the Tier 2 Notes, including, without limitation, as to the timing of, and 
amounts payable upon, such redemption; and 
(b) 
if the Tier 2 Notes being substituted or varied in accordance with Condition 9.8 
(Substitution or variation) are listed on the Euronext Dublin, (i) continue to be listed on 
the Euronext Dublin or (ii) are listed on such other stock exchange at that time as selected 
by the Issuer; 
"Regulatory Capital Change" means (i) a change in, or amendment to, the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, (ii) any change in the application of or official or generally published guidance or 
interpretation of the Regulatory Capital Requirements or (iii) any change in the accounting 
treatment of or application of or official or generally published guidance or interpretation of the 
accounting principles as they relate to Regulatory Capital, which change or amendment becomes, 
or would become, effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant 
Series; 
"Regulatory Event" means an event which is deemed to have occurred if, with respect to the Notes 
of any Series which comprised Subordinated Capital Notes, the whole or any part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of that Series would, as a result of a Regulatory Capital 
Change, no longer be eligible to qualify or no longer qualify (on a solo and/or consolidated basis) 
fully, or to the extent permitted by the Regulatory Capital Requirements, partially, or will in the 
future, but in the case of Tier 2 Notes, prior to the Maturity Date, no longer qualify (on a solo or 
consolidated basis) fully, or to the extent permitted by the Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
partially, as Regulatory Capital (save where such non-qualification arises only as a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital or any amortisation of recognition of Tier 2 
Capital under the Regulatory Capital Requirements in the final 5 (five) years prior to maturity) of 
the Issuer, on a solo and/or consolidated basis.  
"Solvent Reconstruction" means an event where an order is made or an effective resolution is 
passed for the winding-up of the Issuer (i) under or in connection with a scheme of amalgamation 
or reconstruction not involving a bankruptcy or insolvency where the obligations of the Issuer in 
relation to the outstanding Notes are assumed by the successor entity to which all, or substantially 
all, of the property, assets and undertaking of the Issuer are transferred or (ii) where an arrangement 
with similar effect not involving a bankruptcy or insolvency is implemented; 
"Tax Event" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, an event where: 
(c) 
as a result of a Tax Law Change, in respect of the Issuer's obligation to make any payment 
of interest on the next following Interest Payment Date or any subsequent Interest Payment 
Date, the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of computing its 
taxation liabilities in South Africa, or such entitlement is materially reduced, and in each 
case the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in connection with the Notes by taking measures 
reasonably available to it (such reasonable measures to exclude any requirement to 
instigate litigation in respect of any decision or determination of the South African 
Revenue Service that any such interest does not constitute a tax deductible expense); 
(d) 
as a result of a Tax Law Change, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next Interest 
Payment Date be required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 (Taxation), and in each case the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in 
connection with the Notes by taking measures reasonably available to it (such reasonable 
measures to exclude any requirement to instigate litigation in respect of any decision or 
determination of the South African Revenue Service that any such interest does not 
constitute a tax deductible expense); and 
"Tax Law Change" means, in relation to each Note in a Series of Notes, a change or proposed 
change in, or amendment or proposed amendment to, the tax laws or regulations of South Africa, 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to Tax, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such tax laws or regulations (including a holding by 
a court of competent jurisdiction), whether or not having retrospective effect, which actual or 
proposed change or amendment is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such 
Series of Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 176 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
10. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law.  In the event such payments by the Issuer are subject to withholding or deduction required by 
the law of a Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer will (subject to the Issuer's right to redeem Notes pursuant 
to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and, where applicable, Condition 9.8 (Substitution 
or variation)), pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
where a holder (i) could avoid such withholding or deduction by complying, or procuring 
that any third party complies with, any statutory or procedural requirements (including, 
without limitation, the provision of information) or by making or procuring that any third 
party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority; or (ii) is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented (or in respect of which the certificate representing it is presented) for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 8.6) in the place of surrender; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, or held by, a holder who could lawfully avoid 
(but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying with any statutory 
requirements in force at the present time or in the future by making a declaration of non-
residence or other claim or filing for exemption to which it is entitled to the relevant tax 
authority or the Principal Paying Agent; or 
(d) 
if such withholding or deduction arises in terms of the US Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act ("FATCA") or the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor legislation or provisions), any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental approach 
thereto, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with 
FATCA and/or the aforementioned rules. 
In these General Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means South Africa or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent, Trustee or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to principal or interest shall be 
deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
or any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution thereof pursuant to the 
Trust Deed.

--- Page 179 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 177 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 8.2 
(Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be 
void pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
12.1 
Senior Notes 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") in relation to the Senior Notes occurs 
and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give 
notice to the Issuer that the Notes are immediately due and payable, and they shall immediately 
become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with 
Condition 9.10 (Early Redemption Amounts) together with accrued interest (if any): 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal, premium or interest due in respect of 
the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case 
of principal or premium or 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Senior Notes 
or the Trust Deed (except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is described in this Condition 
12.1(b) shall be required) and such failure continues for the period of 45 days or such 
longer period as the Trustee may permit next following the service by the Trustee on the 
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (A) 
is not paid on the due date for payment, as extended by any applicable grace period, or 
(B) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default 
(howsoever described), or (ii) any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any payment in 
respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of any third party given by the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary (other than a guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness for 
borrowed money of a Subsidiary of the Issuer owing to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) 
is not honoured when it becomes due and is called upon (or within any applicable grace 
period) or (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for any 
indebtedness becomes enforceable and the holder thereof takes any steps to enforce it, 
provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness 
or other relative liability either alone or when aggregated with the principal amount of 
other indebtedness for borrowed money or other relative liability shall amount to at least 
5 per cent. of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth and provided further that, for the purposes 
of this Condition 12.1(c), neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall be deemed 
to be in default with respect to any such indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity if it is taking 
action in good faith in appropriate legal proceedings to dispute its liability to make 
payment thereunder and has been advised by independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing that it is reasonable for it to do so; or 
(d) 
if, in relation to the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, any order or presentation is made 
or an effective resolution is passed for the commencement of any business rescue or any 
other analogous proceedings, the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, or the placement of the Issuer under curatorship as contemplated in the Banks 
Act, and any resulting business rescue, winding up, dissolution or curatorship, process 
remains undismissed for 45 days, save for the purposes of reorganisation, reconstruction,

--- Page 180 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 178 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
amalgamation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole 
or substantially the whole of its business or operations, in each case, save for the purposes 
of (i) a reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or consolidation on terms 
approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) a 
disposal on an arm's length basis of any assets or any part of the business of a Material 
Subsidiary, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary stops or suspends payment of its debts 
or admits inability to, pay its debts or is or is deemed unable to pay its debts within the 
meaning of the relevant provisions of the applicable legislation governing insolvency law 
in South Africa, or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); 
or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation, business rescue 
proceedings, curatorship or other similar laws or an administrator, manager, business 
rescue practitioner, curator, administrative receiver or other receiver is appointed in 
relation to the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary including, without limitation, the 
following: 
(i) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes subject to a scheme of arrangement 
or compromise with creditors as envisaged in sections 114 and 155 respectively 
of the SA Companies Act, (other than a scheme of arrangement or compromise 
the terms of which have been previously approved by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); 
(ii) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is wound-up, liquidated, deregistered, 
commences business rescue proceedings or placed under curatorship or any other 
analogous proceedings, in any such event whether provisionally or finally and 
whether voluntarily or compulsorily, or passes a resolution providing for any such 
event; 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary compromises or attempts to compromise 
with or defers or attempts to defer payment of debts owing by it to its creditors 
generally or any significant class of its creditors; 
(iv) 
any procedural step is taken by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (including 
an application, a proposal or a convening of a meeting) with a view to a 
compromise or arrangement with any of its creditors generally or any significant 
class of its creditors; 
(v) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary commits any act which is or, if it were a 
natural person, would be an act of insolvency as defined in the South African 
Insolvency Act, 1936 (the "SA Insolvency Act"); 
(vi) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is deemed to be unable to pay its debts in 
terms of the relevant provisions of the applicable legislation governing insolvency 
law in South Africa; 
(vii) 
the members or creditors of the Issuer (other than the Noteholders) or any Material 
Subsidiary meet in order to pass a resolution providing for the Issuer to be wound-
up, liquidated, deregistered or placed under curatorship or business rescue 
proceedings, or any resolution is passed to this effect, 
or, as the case may be, the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a material part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against the 
whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in any case

--- Page 181 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 179 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged or stayed within 45 
days; or 
(g) 
if anything analogous to any of the events specified in paragraphs (d), (e), (f) above occurs 
under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, 
provided that in the case of any Event of Default other than those described in sub-paragraphs 
12.1(a) or (d) (in the case of a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer) above, the Trustee shall have 
certified to the Issuer that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
12.2 
Subordinated Notes that are not Subordinated Capital Notes 
An Event of Default in relation to Subordinated Notes (that are not Subordinated Capital Notes) 
shall arise if any one or more of the events contemplated in Condition 12.1(a) or 12.1(d) shall have 
occurred and be continuing. Upon the happening of such an Event of Default, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes that are not Subordinated Capital Notes then outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that such Subordinated Notes (that are not Subordinated 
Capital Notes) are immediately due and payable, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with Condition 9.10 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) together with accrued interest (if any). 
12.3 
Tier 2 Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 12.3 (Tier 2 Notes) applies only to Tier 2 Notes. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any of the provisions below in this Condition 12.3 (Tier 2 Notes), the 
remedies available to Tier 2 Noteholders in circumstances where payment of principal or 
interest (as the case may be) has become due and payable, but remains unpaid, are limited 
to the right to institute winding-up proceedings. If the Issuer fails to pay any amount due 
and payable in respect of any Series of Tier 2 Notes and the failure to pay has continued 
for more than seven days in the case of principal or premium or fourteen days in the case 
of interest then, subject to Condition 3.4  (Status of the Tier 2 Notes), the Trustee at its 
discretion and without further notice may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Tier 2 Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of 
the Tier 2 Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer, 
but may not take any other action in respect of that default; provided that no action may 
be taken by the Trustee or a Tier 2 Noteholder if the Issuer withholds or refuses to make 
any such payment in order to comply with any Applicable Law or to comply with any 
order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Where there is doubt as to the validity or 
applicability of any such Applicable Law or order, the Issuer will not be in default if it 
acts on the advice given to it by independent legal advisers of recognised standing during 
the aforementioned grace period. 
(c) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(other than pursuant to a Solvent Reconstruction), the Trustee at its discretion and without 
further notice may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal 
amount of the Tier 2 Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Tier 2 Noteholders 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), by written notice to the Issuer as its specified office, effective upon the date 
of receipt thereof by the Issuer, declare the Tier 2 Notes held by such Tier 2 Noteholder 
to be forthwith due and payable whereupon those Tier 2 Notes shall become forthwith due 
and payable at the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of payment subject to Condition 3.4 (Status of the Tier 2 Notes) (and specifically 
Condition 3.4(c) (Subordination)), provided that no such action may be taken by the

--- Page 182 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 180 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Trustee or a Tier 2 Noteholder if the Issuer withholds or refuses to make any such payment 
in order to comply with any Applicable Law or to comply with any order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction. 
(d) 
Without prejudice to Conditions 12.3(b) and 12.3(c), if the Issuer breaches any of its 
obligations under the Tier 2 Notes (other than any payment obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Tier 2 Notes, including but not limited to in respect of the payment of 
principal or interest on such Tier 2 Notes), then the Trustee at its discretion and without 
further notice may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal 
amount of the Tier 2 Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Tier 2 Noteholders 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), subject to the Regulatory Capital Requirements, bring such proceedings as 
it may think fit to enforce the obligation in question, provided that the Issuer shall not, as 
a result of the bringing of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum representing 
or measured by reference to principal or interest on or satisfy any other payment obligation 
in relation to such Series of Tier 2 Notes earlier than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
(e) 
The rights of the holder of a Tier 2 Notes shall be subject to any terms and conditions 
which require such Tier 2 Notes to either be written off or converted upon the occurrence 
of a Trigger Event in accordance with the applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements in 
respect of the Tier 2 Notes (and subject further to the Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
including such Additional Conditions (if any) as are prescribed by the Prudential Authority 
in respect of a Tranche of Tier 2 Notes). 
12.4 
Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 12.4 (Additional Tier 1 Notes) applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any of the provisions below in this Condition 12.4 (Additional Tier 1 
Notes): 
(i) 
the remedies available to Additional Tier 1 Noteholders in circumstances where 
payment of principal or interest (as the case may be) has become due and payable, 
but remains unpaid, are limited to the right to institute winding-up proceedings; 
and 
(ii) 
payment of any Interest Amount in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes will not be 
due if the Issuer has elected or is obliged to elect not to pay that Interest Amount 
(or any portion thereof) pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest Payments on Additional 
Tier 1 Notes). 
(c) 
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount falling due in respect of any Series of Additional Tier 
1 Notes and the failure to pay has continued for more than seven days in the case of 
principal or premium or fourteen days in the case of interest, except where such Additional 
Tier 1 Notes are subject to a Write-off in accordance with Condition 3.6 (Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption) and subject to Condition 3.5  (Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes), the 
Trustee at its discretion and without further notice may, and if so requested by holders of 
at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes then outstanding (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) of the Additional Tier 1 Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), institute proceedings for 
the winding-up of the Issuer, but may not take any other action in respect of that default; 
provided that no action may be taken by the Trustee or an Additional Tier 1 Noteholder if 
the Issuer withholds or refuses to make any such payment in order to comply with any 
Applicable Law or to comply with any order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Where 
there is doubt as to the validity or applicability of any such Applicable Law or order, the 
Issuer will not be in default if it acts on the advice given to it by independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing during the aforementioned grace period.

--- Page 183 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 181 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(d) 
Without prejudice to Conditions 12.4(b) and 12.4(c), if the Issuer breaches any of its 
obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes (other than any payment obligation arising 
out of or in connection with the Additional Tier 1 Notes, including but not limited to in 
respect of the payment of principal or interest on such Additional Tier 1 Notes), then the 
Trustee at its discretion and without further notice may, and if so requested by holders of 
at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes then outstanding (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) of the Additional Tier 1 Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), but subject to the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, bring such proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the 
obligation in question, provided that the Issuer shall not, as a result of the bringing of any 
such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum representing or measured by reference to 
principal or interest on or satisfy any other payment obligation in relation to such Series 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes earlier than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(e) 
The rights of the holder of Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be subject to any terms and 
conditions which require such Additional Tier 1 Notes to either be written off or converted 
upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event in accordance with the applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (and subject further to the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, including such Additional Conditions (if any) as are 
prescribed by the Prudential Authority in respect of a Tranche of Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
12.5 
Enforcement 
(a) 
Subject to Conditions 12.3 and 12.4, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and 
without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it shall not be 
bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-quarter in nominal amount of Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes that are not 
Subordinated Capital Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, then 
outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
(b) 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to institute proceedings 
directly against the Issuer or prove in the winding-up of the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound to do so, fails or is unable to do so within 60 days and such failure 
or inability is continuing, in which event any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
may, on giving an indemnity and/or security and/or prefunding satisfactory to the Trustee, 
in the name of the Trustee (but not otherwise) himself institute such proceedings and/or 
prove a claim in the winding-up of the Issuer to the same extent and in the same 
jurisdiction (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled to do 
so in respect of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed. 
12.6 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
"Capital Stock" means any shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations 
or other equivalent of or interests (however designated) in equity of the Issuer, including any 
Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible to such equity; 
"Consolidated Tangible Net Worth" means the amount (including any share premium) for the 
time being paid up or credited as paid up on the issued Capital Stock of the Issuer: 
plus the amount standing to the credit, or, as the case may be, minus the amount standing to the 
debit of the capital and revenue reserves of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries but excluding any 
amounts attributable to goodwill and other intangible assets; and

--- Page 184 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 182 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
plus any amount standing to the credit or, as the case may be, minus any amount standing to the 
debit of the consolidated profit and loss account of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries excluding the 
effect of any write-off or amortisation in relation to intangible assets or goodwill on the 
consolidated profit and loss account, 
and in each case as shown in, or otherwise calculated by reference to the latest Statutory 
Consolidated Accounts; 
"Material Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total operating income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has Subsidiaries) represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the 
end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated 
total operating income of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference 
to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) 
of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end 
of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until 
consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then 
latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of 
such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such 
date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, generate total operating 
income equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total operating income of the 
Issuer, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary 
(if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate 
(or, in the case aforesaid, generate total operating income equal to) not less than 5 per cent. 
of the consolidated total operating income of the Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the 
case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant 
to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been 
prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary 
may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated 
accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of

--- Page 185 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 183 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable 
provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
"Preferred Stock" means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is 
preferred as to the payment of dividends or distributions, or as to the distribution of assets upon 
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, over shares of Capital Stock 
of any other class of the Issuer; and 
"Statutory Consolidated Accounts" means the annual audited consolidated accounts published 
by the Issuer from time to time and prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards. 
12.7 
Reports 
A report by two Authrosied Signatories of the Issuer whether or not addressed to the Trustee that 
in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or 
throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without 
further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent, a Transfer Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any 
other relevant authority); and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its specified office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 8.5. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders.  The Agency

--- Page 186 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 184 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted 
or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become 
the successor agent. 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 11. 
16. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a 
leading English language daily national newspaper of general circulation in the United Kingdom 
and (b) if and for so long as the Bearer Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so requires, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Ireland and/or the Euronext 
Dublin's website, www.ise.ie.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers.  If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such 
other manner, and will be deemed to be given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
by or on a competent authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent authority or stock 
exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the places or places required by that competent authority or stock exchange. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be published in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Ireland. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way 
of conference call using a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their

--- Page 187 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 185 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 (ten) per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 (fifty) per cent., of the 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of principal or interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency 
of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
modifying the provisions regarding subordination) the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides for a resolution, with or without notice, in writing signed by or on behalf 
of the holder or holders of not less than 90 (ninety) per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding to be as effective and binding (other than in relation to the 
appointment, replacement or removal of the Trustee which matters must (other than to the extent 
permitted by applicable law) be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution Adopted at a Meeting 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) pursuant to section 43(6)(b) of the SA Companies Act) as if it were 
an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed (other than any modifications, waivers or 
authorisations relating to any matters described in clauses 26 to 28 of the Trust Deed or paragraph 
19(f) of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed), or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that 
any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such 
case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification (other than any 
modifications relating to any matters described in clauses 26 to 28 of the Trust Deed or paragraph 
19(f) of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct 
a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven.  Any such modification 
shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
The Trustee shall, subject to satisfaction of the Modification Conditions (as defined in the Trust 
Deed), agree to any modification which is to correct any inconsistency arising in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes as compared to any term sheet, brochure or other 
written communication in respect of the Notes that has been distributed to Noteholders in respect 
of that Series provided that the Trustee has the right to refuse to agree such changes without liablity 
to any Noteholder, the Issuer or any person in the event that, in its sole opinion, the change would 
expose it to more onerous obligations or additional costs for which, in its sole opinion, it is not or 
will not be pre-funded or indemnified or secured to its satisfaction or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions 
afforded to it. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting (A) 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in Condition 7.2(b)(iv) (B) any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in Condition 7.5 and (C) any substitution or variation of the Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in Condition 9.8, without the requirement for the consent and approval of 
Noteholders.

--- Page 188 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 186 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
except to the extent already provided for in Condition 10 and/or any undertaking or covenant given 
in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 10 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Any modification of the General Terms and Conditions applicable to Subordinated Capital Notes 
in accordance with Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation) or this Condition 17 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) is subject, if and to the extent that such consent is required 
under the Regulatory Capital Requirements, to the Issuer obtaining the consent of the Prudential 
Authority. 
Subject to Condition 9.8 (Substitution or variation), the Trustee may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, agree with the Issuer, to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and the 
Trust Deed of another company, being a Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to (a) the Trustee being 
satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution 
and (b) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
18. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND TRUSTEE'S RETIREMENT AND REMOVAL 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee 
for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any 
of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform 
its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship 
without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other 
amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions allowing the Trustee to retire at any time on giving not less 
than 60 days' prior written notice to the Issuer without giving any reason and without being 
responsible for any Expenses (as defined in the Trust Deed) incurred by such retirement.  The 
Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution Adopted at a Meeting pursuant to section 43(6)(b) 
of the SA Companies Act or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by Extraordinary 
Resolution remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Notes.  The Trust Deed provides 
that the retirement or removal of any such Trustee shall not become effective until a successor 
trustee (being a trust corporation which (a) satisfies the requirements of section 43(5)(a) of the SA 
Companies Act and (b) has previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution Adopted at 
a Meeting pursuant to section 43(6)(b) of the SA Companies Act or, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, by an Extraordinary Resolution) is appointed.  The Trust Deed provides that, in the 
event of the Trustee giving notice of retirement or being removed by Extraordinary Resolution 
Adopted at a Meeting pursuant to section 43(6)(b) of the SA Companies Act or, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, by Extraordinary Resolution under the Trust Deed, the Issuer shall 
use their best endeavours to procure that a new trustee (being a person who (a) satisfies the 
requirements of section 43(5)(a) of the SA Companies Act and (b) has previously been approved

--- Page 189 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 187 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
by an Extraordinary Resolution Adopted at a Meeting pursuant to section 43(6)(b) of the SA 
Companies Act or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by an Extraordinary Resolution) is 
appointed as soon as reasonably practicable.  If no appointment has become effective within 60 
days of such notice or Extraordinary Resolution, the Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall be 
entitled to appoint a trust corporation which (a) satisfies the requirements of section 43(5)(a) of the 
SA Companies Act and (b) has previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution Adopted 
at a Meeting pursuant to section 43(6)(b) of the SA Companies Act or, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, by an Extraordinary Resolution).  No appointment of a trustee shall take effect 
unless previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution Adopted at a Meeting pursuant to 
section 43(6)(b) of the SA Companies Act or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Notice of any such change shall be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
19. 
FX FACTORS AND PRICE SOURCE DISRUPTION 
19.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Price Source Disruption has occurred on any Relevant 
FX Fixing Date, then such Relevant Fixing Date shall be postponed until the first FX Business Day 
on which a Price Source Disruption does not occur or continue, provided that if a Price Source 
Disruption occurs or continues each of the 5 (five) FX Business Days following the originally 
scheduled Relevant FX Fixing Date, then on such fifth FX Business Day the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Relevant FX Rate by reference to the rate of exchange published by available 
recognised financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) (such date of determination the "Postponed Fixing 
Date"). 
19.2 
Definitions: 
"Final FX Fixing Date" means, in relation to an FX Factor, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if such date is not an FX Business Day the immediately following day 
that is an FX Business Day, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 19.1 above. 
"Final FX Fixing Page" means, in relation to an FX Factor, the Reuters or other screen page 
specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Final FX Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in the international exchange market; 
"Final FX Fixing Time" means, in relation to an FX Factor, the time and place specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in 
the case of a successor page to the Final FX Fixing Page specified in the Final Terms; 
"Final FX Rate" means, in relation to an FX Factor: 
(a) 
the rate of exchange specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of exchange between 
the Specified Currency and the FX Currency (expressed as the number of units of FX 
Currency per one unit of Specified Currency) as published on the Final FX Fixing Page at 
the Final FX Fixing Time on the Final FX Fixing Date and as observed by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 
being rounded up; 
"FX Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business and dealings in foreign exchange in the jurisdictions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such jurisdictions are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which commercial banks are open for general business and dealings in foreign exchange in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency and the FX Currency; 
"FX Currency" means the FX Currency specified in the Final Terms (if any).

--- Page 190 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 188 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"FX Factor" means the Final Redemption FX Factor, Early Redemption FX Factor, Interest FX 
Factor and any FX Factor applied under the Terms (including any Kick-Out FX Factor, FX Factor 
1, FX Factor 2 and/or FX Factor 3) or the Additional Terms (including the Credit Linked FX 
Factor); 
"Initial FX Fixing Date" means, in relation to an FX Factor, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if such date is not an FX Business Day the immediately following day 
that is an FX Business Day, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 19.1 above; 
"Initial FX Fixing Page" means, in relation to an FX Factor, the Reuters or other screen page 
specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor page thereof or, if such page is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or there is no successor page, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Initial FX Rate by reference to the spot rate prevailing in the international exchange market; 
"Initial FX Fixing Time" means, in relation to an FX Factor, the time and place specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other time and place as the Calculation Agent determines in 
the case of a successor page to the Initial FX Fixing Page specified in the Final Terms; 
"Initial FX Rate" means, in relation to an FX Factor: 
(a) 
the rate of exchange specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of exchange between 
the Specified Currency and the FX Currency (expressed as the number of units of FX 
Currency per one unit of Specified Currency) as published on the Initial FX Fixing Page 
at the Initial FX Fixing Time on the Initial FX Fixing Date and as observed by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent shall round such rate to the closest four (4) decimal places, 0.00005 
being rounded up; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in relation to a Relevant FX Rate, such Relevant FX Rate is 
not available for any reason as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant FX Fixing Date" means an Initial FX Fixing Date or a Final FX Fixing Date, as 
applicable; and 
"Relevant FX Rate" means the Initial FX Rate or the Final FX Rate. 
20. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
22.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes (and all non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them), the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law save that Conditions 3.2 – 3.5 and Clause 7 of the Trust 
Deed are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, South African law.

--- Page 191 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 189 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
22.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably agreed, for the benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the 
Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes), 
the Receipts and/or the Coupons and accordingly submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed waived any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Trustee, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
and the Couponholders, may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
"Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons, against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
22.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed appointed Investec Bank Plc at its registered office at 2 Gresham 
Street, London EC2V 7QP as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of 
Investec Bank Plc ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England with respect of any 
Proceedings.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 192 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 190 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
PART A – TERMS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES / INDEX LINKED NOTES / FUND LINKED 
NOTES / MULTI UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE EQUITY LINKED NOTES/INDEX 
LINKED NOTES/FUND LINKED NOTES/MULTI UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
For ease of reference each set of redemption provisions assumes that the "underlying" is a single Share 
(or, in the case of Multi Underlying Linked Notes, all "underlyings" are single Shares). However, the 
redemption provisions in paragraphs 1 - 15 apply to Notes linked to a single Index, a Basket of Indices, a 
Basket of Shares or a single Fund Interest or Basket of Fund Interests in the same manner as to Notes 
linked to a single Share. The redemption provisions in paragraphs 16 - 21 (in respect of Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes) apply equally in respect of any combination of equity, index or fund underlyings. 
Consequently, in these paragraphs, where applicable: 
1. 
references to "Share" shall be construed as references to "Index", "Basket of Indices" "Basket of 
Shares", "Fund Interest" or "Basket of Fund Interests"; 
2. 
references to "Price" shall be construed as references to "Level" in respect of a single Index or a 
Basket of Indices and "Value" in respect of a Basket of Shares and "Fund Value" in respect of a 
Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests; 
3. 
references to "Initial Share Price" shall be construed as references to "Initial Value" in respect of 
a Basket of Shares, "Initial Index Level" in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices "Initial 
Fund Value" in respect of a single Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests; 
4. 
references to "Final Share Price" shall be construed as references to "Final Value" in respect of 
a Basket of Shares, "Final Index Level" in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices and 
"Final Fund Value" in respect of a single Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests; and 
5. 
references to "Dowside Final Share Price" shall be construed as references to "Downside Final 
Value" in respect of a Basket of Shares, "Downside Final Index Level" in respect of a single Index 
or a Basket of Indices and "Downside Final Fund Value" in respect of a single Fund Interest or a 
Basket of Fund Interests; 
6. 
references to "Final Component Price Differential" shall be construed as references to "Final 
Component Value Differential" in respect of a Basket of Shares, "Final Component Index Level 
Differential" in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices and "Final Component Fund Value 
Differential " in respect of a single Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests; 
7. 
references to "Component Price Differential" shall be construed as references to "Component 
Value Differential" in respect of a Basket of Shares, "Component Index Level Differential" in 
respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices and "Component Fund Value Differential " in 
respect of a single Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests; and 
8. 
references to "Downside Final Component Price Differential" shall be construed as references to 
"Downside Final Component Value Differential" in respect of a Basket of Shares, "Downside Final 
Component Index Level Differential" in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices and 
"Downside Final Component Fund Value Differential " in respect of a single Fund Interest or a 
Basket of Fund Interests. 
It should be noted that, in relation to any Equity Linked Notes to which "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" 
is applicable, or "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable and a downside return is calculated 
in respect of the Notes pursuant to the relevant Redemption Provisions, the Issuer's obligation to redeem 
the Notes at the Final Redemption Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall 
instead be satisfied by the delivery of shares under Term 7 (Physical Delivery) of the Terms for Equity 
Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes.

--- Page 193 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 191 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
1. 
Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk. 
A. 
Further Information relating to Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk. 
The Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in 
relation to Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk whether as an Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, is linked to the performance of an underlying single 
Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund 
Interests as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in certain circumstances can result in 
the investor receiving a return that is less than par. 
The Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Redemption Amounts and other optional provisions relating to 
Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
The Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk will be automatically redeemed if on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the performance of the Share 
(as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms) is greater than the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specific to that Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, (an "Automatic Early Redemption Event"). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relevant to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
(or if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount calculated in 
accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked 
Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes) will become payable (or deliverable, 
as applicable) on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, there may be multiple Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur on any such date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of a Kick Out Note with 
Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold (and, 
where Capital Downside is specified to be applicable, either (i) the Barrier Condition is 
satisfied or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied (or no Barrier Condition is 
specified), the Downside Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater 
than or equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return 
Threshold) either: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR

--- Page 194 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 192 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% ൅Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡ൩ x FX Factor 1 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Price is less than or equal to the 
Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied (or, if "Capital Downside" is 
applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied but the Downside Final Price is greater 
than the Return Threshold): 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(c) 
Where "Capital Downside" is specified to be applicable, if the Final Price is (X) where a 
Barrier Condition is specified greater than, or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
greater than or equal, the Return Threshold and (i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not 
satisfied and (ii) the Downside Final Price is (A) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less than or equal to, the Return 
Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 and Digital Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቂ Digital Return ൅
Min ቄ0, Max ቀGearing 2 x ቀ
ୈ୭୵୬ୱ୧ୢୣ ୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣି୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣ
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣ
ቁ, െ100%ቁቅቃ x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 and Digital Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎Digital Return
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
 Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(iii) 
if Downside Return 1 and Upside Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x 
ۏ
ێ
ێ
ێ
ۍ
100% ൅Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡ
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠے
ۑ
ۑ
ۑ
ې
x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(iv) 
if Downside Return 2 and Upside Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% ൅Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡ
൅ Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ, Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%൰ൠ൩ x FX Factor 1 
(d) 
if (i) the Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified less than or equal to, or 
(Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold and (ii) the 
Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied (and, where, Capital Downside is specified to be

--- Page 195 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 193 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
applicable the Downside Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less 
than or equal to, and (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return 
Threshold), either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൤100%
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Fina lPrice െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100% ൰ൠ൨ x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቈ100%
൅Min ቊ0, Max ቆGearing 2 x ሺLower Strike
െUpper Strikeሻ,
 
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%ቇቋ቉ x FX Factor 1 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, Gearing 2 or FX Factor 1 are specified as being 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited and Gearing 
1, Gearing 2 and/or FX Factor 1 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier 
Observation Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Downside Final Price" means the Downside Final Share Price, provided that where 
"Capital Downside" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not Applicable", 
the Downside Final Price shall be the Final Price;

--- Page 196 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 194 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above.

--- Page 197 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 195 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
2. 
Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk 
Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in 
relation to Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk whether as an Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, is linked to the performance of an underlying single 
Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund 
Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may 
bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Redemption Amounts relating to Kick Out Notes without Capital 
at Risk 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
The Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk will be automatically redeemed if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the performance of the 
Share (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms) is greater 
than the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specific to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, (an "Automatic Early Redemption Event"). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relevant to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
will become payable on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, there may be multiple Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur on any such 
date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Kick 
Out Note without Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is greater than the Return Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
OR 
(ii) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% ൅Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡ x FX Factor 1൩ 
(b) 
if the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1 or FX Factor 1 are specified as being "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited and Gearing 1 and/or FX Factor 1 shall 
be 100 per cent.).

--- Page 198 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 196 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Where: 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent. as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above.

--- Page 199 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 197 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
3. 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk. 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or 
Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to which an Interest 
Amount may be payable if the performance of the single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, 
Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, fulfils certain conditions described below and set out in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Notes may also bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
The return that an investor receives in relation to Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk, 
whether as an Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, is linked 
to the performance of an underlying single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of 
Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
which in certain circumstances can result in the investor receiving a return that is less than par. 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Interest Amount relating to Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital 
at Risk 
Underlying Linked Interest Amount 
Whether or not one or more Interest Amount Event(s) occurs in respect of the Phoenix Kick Out 
Notes with Capital at Risk depends upon the performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance 
with the provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms) as compared to one or more relevant 
Interest Amount Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
An "Interest Amount Event" will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date if on any Interest 
Valuation Date, during any Interest Averaging Period, during any Interest Observation Period or 
on each and every Interest Observation Date, in each case relating to such Interest Payment Date, 
the performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance with the provisions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) meets the relevant Interest Amount Condition applicable to that Interest 
Valuation Date, that Interest Averaging Period, that Interest Observation Period or those Interest 
Observation Dates. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Interest Amount Event has occurred, the Interest 
Amount relevant to the particular Interest Amount Condition satisfied will become payable. 
If the "Memory Feature Provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Interest Amount Event has occurred in relation 
to an Interest Payment Date, then, if an Interest Amount Event did not occur in relation to any 
Interest Period prior to such Interest Amount Event (but subsequent to any previous Interest 
Amount Event), the Missed Interest Amounts in respect of any such Interest Period will become 
payable on such Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price; 
"Interest Amount Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold on the Interest Valuation Date, or, if Interest 
Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the prices of the 
Share on each Interest Averaging Date is greater than the Interest Amount Threshold, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold during the Interest Observation Period as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 200 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 198 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold on each and every Interest Observation Date 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of Interest Amount, in which case the price 
shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Missed Interest Amounts" means any Interest Amounts that would have become payable in 
relation to an Interest Period but for the fact that an Interest Amount Event did not occur in respect 
of such Interest Period. 
C. 
Formulae for determination of Redemption Amounts and other optional provisions relating to 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
The Phoenix Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk will be automatically redeemed if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final 
Terms) is greater than the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specific to that 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (an "Automatic Early Redemption Event"). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relevant to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
(or if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount calculated in 
accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked 
Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes) will become payable (or deliverable, 
as applicable) on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, there may be multiple Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur on any such date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of a Phoenix Kick Out Note 
with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Barrier Condition is satisfied and (Y) the 
Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(c) 
if (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, (i) the Barrier Condition is not satisfied, and 
(ii) the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold, or (Y) where no Barrier 
Condition is specified the Final Price is less than the Return Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or

--- Page 201 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 199 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Specified Denomination x ൤100% ൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨ x FX Factor 1 
(provided that, if Gearing 1 or FX Factor 1 is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, Gearing 1 and/or FX Factor 1 shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share 
is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Digital Return" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; and 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 202 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 200 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
4. 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk. 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes 
or Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to which an Interest 
Amount may be payable if the performance of the underlying Share or Basket of Shares or a Fund 
Interest or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, fulfils certain 
conditions described below and set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Phoenix Kick Out Notes 
without Capital at Risk may also bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Interest Amount relating to Phoenix Kick Out Notes without 
Capital at Risk 
Underlying Linked Interest Amount 
Whether or not one or more Interest Amount Event(s) occurs in respect of the Phoenix Kick Out 
Notes without Capital at Risk depends upon the performance of the Share (as calculated in 
accordance with the provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms) as compared to one or 
more relevant Interest Amount Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
An "Interest Amount Event" will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date if on any Interest 
Valuation Date, during any Interest Averaging Period, during any Interest Observation Period or 
on each and every Interest Observation Date, in each case relating to such Interest Payment Date, 
the performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance with the provisions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) meets the relevant Interest Amount Condition applicable to that Interest 
Valuation Date, that Interest Averaging Period, that Interest Observation Period or those Interest 
Observation Dates. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Interest Amount Event has occurred, the Interest 
Amount relevant to the particular Interest Amount Condition satisfied will become payable. 
If the "Memory Feature Provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Interest Amount Event has occurred in relation 
to an Interest Payment Date, then, if an Interest Amount Event did not occur in relation to any 
Interest Period prior to such Interest Amount Event (but subsequent to any previous Interest 
Amount Event), the Missed Interest Amounts in respect of any such Interest Period will become 
payable on such Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price; 
"Interest Amount Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold on the Interest Valuation Date, or, if Interest 
Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the prices of the 
Share on each Interest Averaging Date is greater than the Interest Amount Threshold, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold during the Interest Observation Period as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold on each and every Interest Observation Date 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 203 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 201 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of Interest Amount, in which case the price 
shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Missed Interest Amounts" means any Interest Amounts that would have become payable in 
relation to an Interest Period but for the fact that an Interest Amount Event did not occur in respect 
of such Interest Period. 
C. 
Formulae for determination of Redemption Amounts and other optional provisions relating to 
Phoenix Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
The Phoenix Kick Out Notes without Capital at Risk will be automatically redeemed if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final 
Terms) is greater than the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specific to that 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (an "Automatic Early Redemption Event"). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relevant to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
will become payable on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, there may be multiple Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur on any such 
date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of a Phoenix Kick Out Note without Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price greater than the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊  
(b) 
where the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100%  
Where: 
"Digital Return" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; and 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 204 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 202 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
5. 
Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Upside Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in 
relation to Upside Notes with Capital at Risk is linked to the performance of an underlying single 
Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund 
Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Upside Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of an Upside Note with Capital 
at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold (and, 
where Capital Downside is specified to be applicable, either (i) the Barrier Condition is 
satisfied or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied (or no Barrier Condition is 
specified), the Downside Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater 
than or equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return 
Threshold either: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Specified Denomination x ൥Return Factor x FX Factor 1
൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2൩ 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Price is less than or equal to the 
Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied (or, if "Capital Downside" is 
applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied but the Downside Final Price is greater 
than the Return Threshold): 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(c) 
Where "Capital Downside" is specified to be applicable, if the Final Price is (X) where a 
Barrier Condition is specified greater than, or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
greater than or equal, the Return Threshold and (i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not 
satisfied and (ii) the Downside Final Price is (A) where no Barrier Condition is specified,

--- Page 205 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 203 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less than or equal to, the Return 
Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 and Digital Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቂDigital Return ൅Min ቄ0, Max ቀGearing 2 x ቀ
ୈ୭୵୬ୱ୧ୢୣ ୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣି୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣ
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣ
ቁ, െ100%ቁቅቃx FX Factor 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 and Digital Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎Digital Return
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
 Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(iii) 
if Downside Return 1 and Upside Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% ൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൩x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(iv) 
if Downside Return 2 and Upside Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎100% ൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike ൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
(d) 
if (i) the Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified less than or equal to, or 
(Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold and (ii) the 
Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied (and, where, Capital Downside is specified to be 
applicable the Downside Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less 
than or equal to, and (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return 
Threshold), either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൤100%
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨ x FX Factor 1

--- Page 206 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 204 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎100%
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1, FX Factor 
2 and/or Minimum Return are specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1 
and/or FX Factor 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent. and the Minimum Return shall 
be zero). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
"American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share 
is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Downside Final Price" means the Downside Final Share Price, provided that where 
"Capital Downside" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not Applicable", 
the Downside Final Price shall be the Final Price; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 2", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 207 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 205 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above.

--- Page 208 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 206 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
6. 
Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
Upside Notes without Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in 
relation to Upside Notes without Capital at Risk is linked to the performance of an underlying 
single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of 
Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Upside Notes without Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may 
bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of an 
Upside Note without Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is greater than the Return Threshold: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
OR 
(ii) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% ൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 1 ൩ 
(b) 
if the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ሺ100% ൅ ܯ݅݊݅݉ݑ݉ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1ሻ 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, FX Factor 1 and/or Minimum Return are specified as 
being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1 and/or 
FX Factor 1 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent. and Minimum Return shall be zero). 
Where: 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price, in case of Shares and Final Value, in case of a Basket; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price, in case of Shares, and Initial Value, in case of a 
Basket; 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 209 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 207 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; and 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above.

--- Page 210 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 208 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
7. 
Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk 
Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or 
Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives 
in relation to Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk is linked to the performance of an 
underlying single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or 
Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but 
may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Geared Booster Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of a Geared Booster Note with 
Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold (and, 
where Capital Downside is specified to be applicable, either (i) the Barrier Condition is 
satisfied or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied (or no Barrier Condition is 
specified), the Downside Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater 
than or equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return 
Threshold: 
Specified Denomination x ൥Return Factor x FX Factor 1
൅Gearing 1 x Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Gearing 2 x Max ൜0, ൬Final Price
Initial Price െK൰ൠx FX Factor 3൩ 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Price is less than or equal to the 
Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied (or, if "Capital Downside" is 
applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied but the Downside Final Price is greater 
than the Return Threshold): 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(c) 
Where "Capital Downside" is specified to be applicable, if the Final Price is (X) where a 
Barrier Condition is specified greater than, or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
greater than or equal, the Return Threshold and (i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not 
satisfied and (ii) the Downside Final Price is (A) where no Barrier Condition is specified,

--- Page 211 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 209 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less than or equal to, the Return 
Threshold: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% 
൅Gearing 1 x Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Gearing 2 x Max ൜0, ൬Final Price
Initial Price െK൰ൠx FX Factor 3
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 3 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൩x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൥100% 
൅Gearing 1 x Max ൝0, Min ൭Cap, ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Gearing 2 x Max ൜0, ൬Final Price
Initial Price െK൰ൠx FX Factor 3
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 3 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ, Gearing 3 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%൰ൠ൩x FX Factor 1 
(d) 
if (i) the Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified less than or equal to, or 
(Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold and (ii) the 
Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied (and, where, Capital Downside is specified to be 
applicable the Downside Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less 
than or equal to, and (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return 
Threshold), either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൤100%
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 3 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൤100%
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 3 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ, Gearing 3 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨x FX Factor 1 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Gearing 3, Return Factor, FX Factor 
1, FX Factor 2 or FX Factor 3 are specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable

--- Page 212 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 210 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited and Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Gearing 3, Return 
Factor, FX Factor 1, FX Factor 2 and/or FX Factor 3 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
"American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share 
is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Final Price" means the Downside Final Share Price, provided that where 
"Capital Downside" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not Applicable", 
the Downside Final Price shall be the Final Price; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1" if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 2" if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 3" if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 213 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 211 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upside Booster Threshold", if applicable, means n per cent. of the Initial Price as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upside Booster Strike Percentage" or "K", if applicable, means n per cent. as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 214 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 212 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
8. 
Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in 
relation to Lock-In Call Notes is linked to the performance of an underlying single Share, single 
Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may 
bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Lock-In Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of a Lock-In Call Note with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if either of the Final Price or the Lock In Price are greater than, the Return Threshold: 
Specified Denomination x ൤Return Factor x FX Factor 1
൅Gearing 1 x Max ൜0, LockIn Value x LockIn Percentage, Final Price
Initial Price െZൠ x FX Factor 2൨ 
(b) 
If both the Final Price and Lock In Price are less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(provided that, if any of Gearing 1, Return Factor, FX Factor 1 or FX Factor 2 are specified 
as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Gearing 1, Return Factor, FX 
Factor 1 and/or FX Factor 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1" if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 2" if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lock-In Observation Dates" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(i) 
each Exchange Business Day (or, in respect of a Basket, each Exchange Business 
Day which is an Exchange Business Day in respect of each Share or Index in the 
such Basket) from and including the "Lock-In Observation Start Date" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to and including the "Lock-In 
Observation End Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Lock-In 
Observation Period"); or 
(ii) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the 
immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified 
or deemed to be an Lock-In Observation Date;

--- Page 215 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 213 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Lock-In Percentage", means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Pricet" means, in relation to each Lock-In Observation Date, the Price of the 
Share at the Valuation Time on such Lock-In Observation Date; 
"Lock-In Performance" with respect to each Lock-In Observation Date, means: 
ܮ݋ܿ݇െܫ݊ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁௧
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
െ1 
"Lock-In Performance MAX" means the highest Lock-In Performance; 
"Lock-In Value" means the Lock-In Performance MAX divided by the Lock-In 
Percentage, rounded down to the nearest integer: 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 216 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 214 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
9. 
N Barrier (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to N Barrier (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk 
N Barrier (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes 
or Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to which an Interest 
Amount will be payable if the performance of an underlying single Share, single Index, single Fund 
Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, fulfils certain conditions described below and set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. The N Barrier (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk may also bear interest at a fixed 
or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
The Final Redemption Amount of the N Barrier (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk will depend 
upon the performance of a Share or a Basket of Shares, or an Index or Basket of Indices, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Interest Amount relating to N Barrier (Income) Notes with 
Capital at Risk 
Underlying Linked Interest Amount 
Whether or not one or more Interest Amount Event(s) occurs in respect of the N Barrier (Income) 
Notes with Capital at Risk depends upon the performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance 
with the provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms) as compared to one or more relevant 
Interest Amount Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
An "Interest Amount Event" will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date if on any Interest 
Valuation Date, during any Interest Averaging Period, during any Interest Observation Period or 
on each and every Interest Observation Date, in each case relating to such Interest Payment Date, 
the performance of the Share (as calculated in accordance with the provisions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) meets the relevant Interest Amount Condition applicable to that Interest 
Valuation Date, that Interest Averaging Period, that Interest Observation Period or those Interest 
Observation Dates. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Interest Amount Event has occurred, the Interest 
Amount relevant to the particular Interest Amount Condition satisfied will become payable. The 
total amount payable will be the aggregate of each Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Interest Period for which the relevant Interest Amount Condition is satisfied. 
"Interest Amount Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold on the Interest Valuation Date, or, if Interest 
Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the prices of the 
Share on each Interest Averaging Date is greater than the Interest Amount Threshold, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold during the Interest Observation Period as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share is 
greater than the Interest Amount Threshold on each and every Interest Observation Date 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of Interest Amount, in which case the price 
shall be monitored at all times on such date(s);

--- Page 217 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 215 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of an N Barrier (Income) Note 
with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Barrier Condition is satisfied and (Y) the 
Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% 
(c) 
if (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, (i) the Barrier Condition is not satisfied, and 
(ii) the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold, or (Y) where no Barrier 
Condition is specified the Final Price is less than the Return Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 

































100%
,
Price
Initial
Price)
 
Initial
 - 
Price
(Final
x 
 1 
Gearing
Max
0,
Min
100%
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 


































100%
,
Strike
Upper
Price
Initial
Price
Final
x
 1 
Gearing
 
Strike),
 Upper 
- 
Strike
(Lower 
 x 
1 
Gearing
Max
0%,
Min
100%
on 
Denominati
Specified
 
(provided that, if Gearing 1 is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, Gearing 1 shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier 
Observation Period; and

--- Page 218 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 216 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Digital Return" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 219 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 217 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
10. 
Range Accrual (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Range Accrual (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk 
Range Accrual (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked 
Notes or Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to which an 
interest amount linked to the performance of the Underlying will be payable on Interest Payment 
Dates occurring at regular intervals throughout the life of the Range Accrual (Income) Notes with 
Capital at Risk. The Interest Amount that an investor in the Range Accrual (Income) Notes with 
Capital at Risk receives is linked to the performance of a single Share, single Index, single Fund 
Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and on how many actual days during the relevant Interest Period the 
applicable price, level or value remains within a range. The Range Accrual (Income) Notes with 
Capital at Risk may also bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 
(Interest). 
The Final Redemption Amount of the Range Accrual (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk will 
depend upon the performance of a single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of 
Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Rate of Interest relating to Range Accrual (Income) Notes with 
Capital at Risk 
Rate of Interest 
Interest determined in accordance with the below will be payable in respect of the Range Accrual 
(Income) Notes with Capital at Risk. 
The Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Range Accrual (Income) Notes with Capital at Risk 
for any Interest Period shall be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Relevant Rate ൈ Accrual Factor 
Where the Relevant Rate is a floating rate, the amount of interest payable in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes and Reset Notes), and where the Relevant Rate is a fixed rate shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
Where: 
"Accrual Factor" is calculated as the actual number of Scheduled Valuation Days during each 
Interest Period in which: 
(a) 
the Price of Shares is greater than or equal to the Range Lower Level and less than or equal 
to the Range Upper Level (or, where "Worst of Provisions" or "Best of Provisions" are 
specified as applicable, the Price of the Worst Performing Share is greater than or equal 
to the Range Lower Level and the Price of the Best Performing Share is less than or equal 
to the Range Upper Level); or 
(b) 
if Range Upper Level is specified as Not Applicable, the Price of Shares is greater than or 
equal to the Range Lower Level; or 
(c) 
if Range Lower Level is specified as Not Applicable, the Price of Shares is less than or 
equal to the Range Upper Level; 
in each case divided by the actual number of days during such Interest Period, provided that (i) for 
Scheduled Valuation Days that are not Exchange Business Days, the Price of Shares shall be the 
same as the previous Exchange Business Day fixing, and (ii) the final fixing of the Price of Shares 
in the respective Interest Period will be as of the day that is five (5) Exchange Business Days prior 
to the respective Interest Payment Date and that day's fixing shall apply in respect of the remaining 
days of the respective Interest Period;

--- Page 220 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 218 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Relevant Rate" shall be any of the fixed Rate of Interest specified in the Fixed Rate provisions 
of the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Rate specified in the Floating Rate or the relevant rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable (and calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the terms and fixed on the dates specified therein); 
"Range Lower Level" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Range Upper Level" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of a Range Accrual (Income) 
Note with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, and (ii) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
(a) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Barrier Condition is satisfied and (Y) the 
Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% 
(b) 
if (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, (i) the Barrier Condition is not satisfied, and 
(ii) the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold, or (Y) where no Barrier 
Condition is specified the Final Price is less than the Return Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 

































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price)
 
Initial
 - 
Price
(Final
x 
 1 
Gearing
Max
,
0
%
100
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
Min
 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 


































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price
Final
x
  
1 
Gearing
 
Strike),
 Upper 
- 
Strike
(Lower 
 x 
1 
Gearing
Max
%,
0
%
100
on 
Denominati
Specified
Strike
Upper
Min
 
(provided that, if Gearing 1 is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, Gearing 1 shall be 100 per cent.).

--- Page 221 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 219 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier 
Observation Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Digital Return" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 222 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 220 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
11. 
Range Accrual (Income) Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Range Accrual (Income) Notes without Capital at Risk 
Range Accrual (Income) Notes without Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked 
Notes or Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to which an 
interest amount linked to the performance of the Underlying will be payable on Interest Payment 
Dates occurring at regular intervals throughout the life of the Range Accrual (Income) Notes 
without Capital at Risk. The Interest Amount that an investor in the Range Accrual (Income) Notes 
without Capital at Risk receives is linked to the performance of a single Share, single Index, single 
Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and on how many actual days during the relevant Interest Period the 
applicable price, level or value remains within a range. The Range Accrual (Income) Notes without 
Capital at Risk may also bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 
(Interest). 
The Final Redemption Amount of the Range Accrual (Income) Notes without Capital at Risk will 
depend upon the performance of a single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of 
Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Rate of Interest relating to Range Accrual (Income) Notes 
without Capital at Risk 
Rate of Interest 
Interest determined in accordance with the below will be payable in respect of the Range Accrual 
(Income) Notes without Capital at Risk. 
The Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Range Accrual (Income) Notes without Capital at 
Risk for any Interest Period shall be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Relevant Rate × Accrual Factor 
Where the Relevant Rate is a floating rate, the amount of interest payable in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes and Reset Notes), and where the Relevant Rate is a fixed rate shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
Where: 
"Accrual Factor" is calculated as the actual number of Scheduled Valuation Days during each 
Interest Period in which: 
(a) 
the Price of Shares is greater than or equal to the Range Lower Level and less than or equal 
to the Range Upper Level (or, where "Worst of Provisions" or "Best of Provisions" are 
specified as applicable, the Price of the Worst Performing Share is greater than or equal 
to the Range Lower Level and the Price of the Best Performing Share is less than or equal 
to the Range Upper Level); or 
(b) 
if Range Upper Level is specified as Not Applicable, the Price of Shares is greater than or 
equal to the Range Lower Level; or 
(c) 
if Range Lower Level is specified as Not Applicable, the Price of Shares is less than or 
equal to the Range Upper Level; 
in each case divided by the actual number of days during such Interest Period, provided that (i) for 
Scheduled Valuation Days that are not Exchange Business Days, the Price of Shares shall be the 
same as the previous Exchange Business Day fixing, and (ii) the final fixing of the Price of Shares 
in the respective Interest Period will be as of the day that is five (5) Exchange Business Days prior 
to the respective Interest Payment Date and that day's fixing shall apply in respect of the remaining 
days of the respective Interest Period;

--- Page 223 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 221 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Relevant Rate" shall be any of the fixed Rate of Interest specified in the Fixed Rate provisions 
of the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Rate specified in the Floating Rate or the relevant rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable (and calculated by the calculation agent in 
accordance with the terms and fixed on the dates specified therein); 
"Range Lower Level" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Range Upper Level" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Range 
Accrual (Income) Note without Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is greater than the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
(b) 
if the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% 
Where: 
"Digital Return" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; and 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 224 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 222 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
12. 
Reverse Convertible Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Reverse Convertible Notes 
Reverse Convertible Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes 
or Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that are linked to the 
performance of a a single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of 
Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final 
Redemption Amount of the Reverse Convertible Notes with Capital at Risk will depend upon the 
performance of a single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of 
Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Reverse Convertible Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, 
but may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions relating to Reverse 
Convertible Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity (i) if "Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is applicable, a 
Share Transfer Amount calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms 
for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes 
shall be deliverable, or (ii) in any other case, the Final Redemption Amount payable (or Share 
Transfer Amount deliverable, as applicable) by the Issuer in respect of a Reverse Convertible Note 
with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if (X) the Final Price is greater than or equal to the Return Threshold or (Y) where a Barrier 
Condition is specified, the Barrier Condition is satisfied: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% 
(b) 
if (X) the Final Price is less than the Return Threshold, and (Y) where a Barrier Condition 
is specified, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied, either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 

































100%
,
Price
Initial
Price)
 
Initial
 - 
Price
(Final
 x 
1 
Gearing
Max
0,
Min
100%
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 


































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price
Final
 x
1 
Gearing
 
Strike),
 Upper 
- 
Strike
(Lower 
x 
1 
Gearing
Max
%,
0
%
100
on 
Denominati
Specified
Strike
Upper
Min
 
(provided that, if Gearing 1 is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, Gearing 1 shall be 100 per cent.).

--- Page 225 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 223 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier 
Observation Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 226 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 224 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
13. 
Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk 
Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or 
Fund Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives 
in relation to Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk is linked to the performance of an 
underlying single Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or 
Basket of Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but 
may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Double Bonus Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of a Double Bonus Note with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is greater than the Return Threshold, but less than or equal to the Upper 
Return Threshold: 
 ሾܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊൅ሾܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎሿሿ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(b) 
if the Final Price is greater than the Upper Return Return Threshold:  
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
൅ ቐቌ2 ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
൅ ܯܽݔ ቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ൭൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁൰െ ܼ൱, 0ቇቍݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2ቑ቏ 
(c) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Price is less than or equal to the 
Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(d) 
if (i) the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold and (ii) the Barrier 
Condition (if any) is not satisfied, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ቐ0, ܯܽݔቌ൭ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽܲݎ݅ܿ݁െܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰൱, െ100%ቍቑ቏ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR

--- Page 227 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 225 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ൝0, ܯܽݔቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൭൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁൰
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁൱, െ100%ቇൡ൩ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(provided that, if any of Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1 and/or FX 
Factor 2 are specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Gearing 
1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1 and/or FX Factor 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 
per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation 
Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic 
average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
"American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share 
is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 2", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 228 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 226 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upper Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 229 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 227 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
14. 
Bear Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Bear Notes with Capital at Risk 
Bear Notes with Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund Linked 
Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in relation 
to Bear Notes with Capital at Risk is linked to the performance of an underlying single Share, 
single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund Interests, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bear Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Bear Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of a Bear Note with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than or equal to, and 
(ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold (and, where 
Capital Downside is specified to be applicable, either (i) the Barrier Condition is satisfied 
or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied (or no Barrier Condition is specified), the 
Downside Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1
൅ ܯ݅݊൝ܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ൭ܼെ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁൰൱ൡݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2൩ 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Price is greater than or equal to the 
Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied (or, if "Capital Downside" is 
applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied but the Downside Final Price is less than 
the Return Threshold): 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(c) 
Where "Capital Downside" is specified to be applicable, if the Final Price is (X) where a 
Barrier Condition is specified less than, or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
less than or equal to, the Return Threshold and (i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not 
satisfied and (ii) the Downside Final Price is (A) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
greater than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, the 
Return Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ൝ܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ൭ܼെ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁൰൱ൡݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2 
൅ ܯ݅݊൜0, ܯܽݔ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൬ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ െ ܦ݋ݓ݊ݏ݅݀݁ ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൩ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR

--- Page 230 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 228 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ൝ܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ൭ܼ
െ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁൰൱ൡݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ൝0, ܯܽݔቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൭ܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ 
െ ൬ܦ݋ݓ݊ݏ݅݀݁ ܨ݈݅݊ܽܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰൱, െ100%ቇൡ൩ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(d) 
if (i) the Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified greater than or equal to, 
or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold and (ii) 
the Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied (and, where, Capital Downside is specified 
to be applicable the Downside Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, 
greater than or equal to, and (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the 
Return Threshold): 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀  ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 
൅ ܯ݅݊ቐ0, ܯܽݔቌ൭ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൬ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁െܦ݋ݓ݊ݏ݅݀݁ ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰൱, െ100%ቍቑ቏ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ
൅ ܯ݅݊ ൝0, ܯܽݔቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൭ܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ 
െ ൬ܦ݋ݓ݊ݏ݅݀݁ ܨ݈݅݊ܽܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰൱, െ100%ቇൡ൩ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1 
and/or FX Factor 2 are specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 
1 and/or FX Factor 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent.).

--- Page 231 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 229 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is less than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation Date, 
or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average 
of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is less than or equal to 
the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
"American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Share 
is less than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Share is less than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Final Price" means the Downside Final Share Price, provided that where 
"Capital Downside" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not Applicable", 
the Downside Final Price shall be the Final Price; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 2", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 232 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 230 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above.

--- Page 233 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 231 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
15. 
Bear Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Bear Notes without Capital at Risk 
Bear Notes without Capital at Risk may be Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The return that an investor receives in 
relation to Bear Notes without Capital at Risk is linked to the performance of an underlying single 
Share, single Index, single Fund Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of Fund 
Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bear Notes without Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Bear Notes without Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Bear 
Note without Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is less than the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊൝ܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ൭ܼെ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁൰൱ൡݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1൩ 
(b) 
if the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100%  
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1 and/or FX Factor 1 are specified as being "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1 and/or FX Factor 1 (as 
applicable) shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Price" means the Final Share Price, in case of Shares and Final Value, in case of a Basket; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means the Initial Share Price, in case of Shares, and Initial Value, in case of a 
Basket; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; and 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above.

--- Page 234 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 232 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
16. 
Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk are Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
The return that an investor receives in relation to Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at 
Risk whether as an Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, is 
linked to the performance of two Underlyings, being any combination of single Shares, single 
Indices, single Fund Interests, Baskets of Indices, Baskets of Shares or Baskets of Fund Interests, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in certain circumstances can result in the investor 
receiving a return that is less than par. 
The Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes do not bear interest linked to the underlying, but may bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for determination of Redemption Amounts and other optional provisions relating to 
Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes with Capital at Risk 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
The Dual Underlying Kick Out Notes will be automatically redeemed if on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the performance of the Return 
Underlying (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms) is 
greater than the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specific to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, (an "Automatic Early Redemption Event"). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relevant to the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
will become payable on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, there may be multiple Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur on any such 
date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Dual 
Underlying Kick Out Note on its Maturity Date shall be: 
(a) 
if the Final Return Price is greater than the Return Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x Digital Return 
OR 
(ii) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 













Price
Return
 
Initial
Price
Return
Initial
Price
Return 
Final
x
1 
Gearing
Cap,
Min
0,
Max
100%
on
Denominati
Specified
 
(b) 
if (X) the Final Return Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold, and (Y) either 
(A) the Barrier Condition is satisfied and/or (B) the Final Risk Price is greater than the 
Risk Threshold: 
Specified Denomination x 100%

--- Page 235 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 233 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(c) 
if (X) the Final Return Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold, and (Y) the 
Barrier Condition is not satisfied, and (Z) the Final Risk Price is less than or equal to the 
Risk Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 

































100%
,
Price
Risk 
Initial
Price)
Risk
 
Initial
 - 
Price
Risk
(Final
 x 
2
Gearing
Max
0,
Min
100%
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 


































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price
Final
 x
2
Gearing
 
Strike),
 Upper 
- 
Strike
(Lower 
 x 
2
Gearing
Max
%,
0
%
100
on 
Denominati
Specified
Strike
Upper
Risk
Risk
Min
 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1 and/or Gearing 2 are specified as being "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited and Gearing1 and/or 
Gearing 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means in relation to the Risk Underlying: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier 
Valuation Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the 
arithmetic average of the prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is 
greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier 
Observation Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the 
Risk Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and 
every Barrier Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Return Price" means the Final Share Price for the Return Underlying; 
"Final Risk Price" means the Final Share Price for the Risk Underlying; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 236 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 234 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Initial Return Price" means the Initial Share Price for the Return Underlying. 
"Initial Risk Price" means the Initial Share Price for the Risk Underlying. 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Return Price as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Risk Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Risk Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Risk Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above.

--- Page 237 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 235 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
17. 
Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk are Multi Underlying Linked Notes. The return 
that an investor receives in relation to Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk is linked 
to the performance of two Underlyings, being any combination of single Shares, single Indices, 
single Fund Interests, Baskets of Indices, Baskets of Shares or Baskets of Fund Interests, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in certain circumstances can result in the investor 
receiving a return that is less than par. 
The Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the 
underlying, but may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 
(Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Dual Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of a Dual 
Underlying Upside Note with Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if the Final Return Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or 
equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold 
and either (i) the Barrier Condition is satisfied or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied 
(or no Barrier Condition is specified), the Final Risk Price is (i) where no Barrier 
Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is 
specified, greater than, the Risk Threshold: 













Price
Return
 
Initial
Price
urn
InitialRet
Price
Return
Final
x
1
Gearing
Cap,
Min
Return,
Minimum
Max
100%
on
Denominati
Specified
 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Return Price is less than or equal 
to the Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied or, the Barrier Condition 
is not satisfied but Final Risk Price is greater than the Risk Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100% 
(c) 
if the Final Return Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified greater than, or (Y) 
where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal, the Return Threshold and 
(i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied and (ii) the Final Risk Price is (A) where 
no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, 
less than or equal to, the Risk Threshold: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 























































100%
,
Price
Risk
Initial
Price)
Risk
 
Initial
 - 
Price
Risk
(Final
x 
2 
Gearing
 
Max
0,
Min
Price
Return
Initial
Price
Return
Initial
Price
Return
Final
x
1
Gearing
Cap,
Min
Return,
Minimum
Max
100%
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
 
OR

--- Page 238 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 236 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 




















































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price
Risk
Final
x
2 
Gearing
  
Strike),
 Upper 
- 
Strike
(Lower 
x 
2 
Gearing
Max
%,
0
Price
Re
 
Initial
ce
Pr
Re
Pr
Re
1
,
,
Return
Minimum
%
100
on 
Denominati
Specified
Stike
Upper
Risk
Min
turn
i
turn
Initial
ice
turn
Final
x
Gearing
Cap
Min
Max
 
(d) 
if the Final Return Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified less than or equal to, 
or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold and (i) the 
Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied and (ii) the Final Risk Price is (A) where no 
Barrier Condition is specified, less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, 
less than or equal to, the Risk Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price)
 
Initial
 - 
Price
(Final
x 
2 
Gearing
 
Max
,0
%
100
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
Risk
Risk
Risk
Min
 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
































%
100
,
Price
Initial
Price
Final
x
2 
Gearing
  
Strike),
 Upper 
- 
Strike
(Lower 
x 
2 
Gearing
Max
%,
0
%
100
on 
Denominati
Specified
Strike
Upper
Risk
Risk
Min
 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, Gearing 2 and/or Minimum Return are specified 
as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, 
Gearing 1 and/or Gearing 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent. and the Minimum Return 
shall be zero). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means in relation to the Risk Underlying: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation Date, 
or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the 
prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than or equal to the Barrier 
Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which case the price shall 
be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above;

--- Page 239 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 237 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Final Return Price" means the Final Share Price for the Return Underlying; 
"Final Risk Price" means the Final Share Price for the Risk Underlying; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Return Price" means the Initial Share Price for the Return Underlying; and 
"Initial Risk Price" means the Initial Share Price for the Risk Underlying; and 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Return Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Return Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Risk Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Risk Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Risk Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 240 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 238 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
18. 
Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk are Multi Underlying Linked Notes. The return 
that an investor receives in relation to Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk is linked 
to the performance of two Underlyings, being any combination of single Shares, single Indices, 
single Fund Interests, Baskets of Indices, Baskets of Shares or Baskets of Fund Interests, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in certain circumstances can result in the investor 
receiving a return that is less than par. 
The Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, 
but may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of an Out 
Performance Call Note with Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if (X) the Barrier Condition is satisfied and (Y) the Primary Performance is greater than 
the Comparator Performance: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1
൅ܯ݅݊ቐܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ܯܽݔቌ൭ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻെܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ቇ
െቆܨܲሺ݆ሻെܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ቇ൱, 0ቍቑݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2 ቏ 
(b) 
if (X) the Barrier Condition is satisfied and (Y) the Comparator Performance is greater 
than or equal to the Primary Performance: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1  
(c) 
if (X) the Barrier Condition is not satisfied and (Y) the Primary Performance is greater 
than the Comparator Performance: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎100%
൅ ቐܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ܯܽݔ ቌ൭ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻെܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ቇ
െቆܨܲሺ݆ሻെܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ቇ൱, 0ቍቑݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2
൅ ܯ݅݊ቊ0, ܯܽݔቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻെܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ቇ, െ100%ቇቋ቏ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR

--- Page 241 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 239 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ቐܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ܯܽݔቌ൭ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻെܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ቇ
െቆܨܲሺ݆ሻെܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ቇ൱, 0ቍቑ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 2 
൅ ܯ݅݊൝0, ܯܽݔቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൭ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻቇ
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁൱, െ100%ቇൡ቏ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1    
(d) 
if (X) the Barrier Condition is not satisfied and (Y) the Comparator Performance is greater 
than or equal to the Primary Performance: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ቐ0, ܯܽݔቌ൭ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻെܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ቇ൱, െ100%ቍቑ቏ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൥100% 
൅ ܯ݅݊ ൝0, ܯܽݔቆܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൭ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻቇ
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁൱, െ100%ቇൡ൩ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1 and/or Gearing 2 are specified as being "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1 and/or 
Gearing 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means in relation to the Primary Underlying: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Primary 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation Date, 
or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the

--- Page 242 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 240 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
prices of the Share on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than or equal to the Barrier 
Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Primary 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Primary 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which case the price shall 
be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Comparator Performance" means the percentage change between the Initial Comparator Price 
and the Final Comparator Price; 
"Comparator Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Final Primary Price" or "FP(i)" means the Final Share Price for the Primary Underlying; 
"Final Comparator Price" or "FP(j)"means the Final Share Price for the Comparator Underlying; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Primary Price" or "IP(i)" means the Initial Share Price for the Primary Underlying; and 
"Initial Comparator Price" or "IP(j)" means the Initial Share Price for the Comparator 
Underlying; and 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Primary Performance" means the percentage change between the Initial Primary Price and the 
Final Primary Price; 
"Primary Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 243 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 241 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
19. 
Out Performance Call Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Out Performance Call Notes without Capital at Risk 
Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk are Multi Underlying Linked Notes. The return 
that an investor receives in relation to Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk is linked 
to the performance of two Underlyings, being any combination of single Shares, single Indices, 
single Fund Interests, Baskets of Indices, Baskets of Shares or Baskets of Fund Interests, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in certain circumstances can result in the investor 
receiving a return that is less than par. 
The Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the underlying, 
but may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Out Performance Call Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of as Out 
Performance Call Note with Capital at Risk on its Maturity Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if the Primary Performance is greater than the Comparator Performance: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቎100%
൅ܯ݅݊ቐܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ ݔ ܯܽݔቌ൭ቆܨܲሺ݅ሻെܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ܫܲሺ݅ሻ
ቇ
െቆܨܲሺ݆ሻെܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ܫܲሺ݆ሻ
ቇ൱, 0ቍቑ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1቏ 
(b) 
if the Comparator Performance is greater than the Primary Performance: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100%  
(provided that, if any of Cap or Gearing are specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited and Gearing shall be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Comparator Performance" means the percentage change between the Initial Comparator Price 
and the Final Comparator Price;  
"Comparator Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Primary Price" or "FP(i)" means the Final Share Price for the Primary Underlying; 
"Final Comparator Price" or "FP(j)" means the Final Share Price for the Comparator Underlying; 
"Gearing", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Primary Price" or "IP(i)" means the Initial Share Price for the Primary Underlying; and 
"Initial Comparator Price" "IP(j)" means the Initial Share Price for the Comparator Underlying; 
and

--- Page 244 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 242 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Primary Performance" means the percentage change between the Initial Primary Price and the 
Final Primary Price; and 
"Primary Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 245 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 243 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
20. 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk are Multi Underlying Linked Notes. The 
return that an investor receives in relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at 
Risk is linked to the performance of two or more Underlyings being any combination of single 
Shares, single Indices, single Fund Interests, Baskets of Indices, Baskets of Shares or Basket of 
Fund Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the 
underlying, but may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 
(Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of a Multi Underlying Upside Note without Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is greater than the Return Threshold: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ 
OR 
(i) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ቂ100% ൅ܯܽݔቄܯ݅݊݅݉ݑ݉ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊, ܯ݅݊൬ܥܽ݌, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ݔ ቀ
ி௜௡௔௟௉௥௜௖௘
ூ௡௜௧௜௔௟ ௉௥௜௖௘െ
ܼቁ൰ቅݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 ቃ 
(b) 
if the Final Price is less than or equal to the Return Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ሺ100% ൅ ܯ݅݊݅݉ݑ݉ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1ሻ 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, FX Factor 1 and/or Minimum Return are specified as 
being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1 and/or 
FX Factor 1 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent. and Minimum Return shall be zero). 
Where: 
"Best Performing Underlying" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation 
Date, the Underlying for which the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
such Underlying on such day divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, Initial Value or Initial 
Fund Value (as applicable) of such Underlying is highest, and, in respect of any Averaging 
Period, the Underlying for which the performance of the Underlying (as calculated on the 
basis of the arithmetic average of the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
the Underlying on each relevant Averaging Date) divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, 
Initial Value or Initial Fund Value (as applicable) for such Underlying is highest; 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Final Price" means:

--- Page 246 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 244 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(a) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Final Share Price 
of the Worst Performing Underlying; 
(b) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Final Share Price 
of the Best Performing Underlying; 
(c) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Price multiplied by 
the arithmetic average of Final Component Price Differentials for each Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means: 
(a) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Share Price 
of the Worst Performing Underlying; 
(b) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Share Price 
of the Best Performing Underlying; 
(c) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the arithmetic average of the 
Initial Share Prices of each Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in 
each case as determined in accordance with the relevant terms applicable to 
initial valuation thereof); 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.;  
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; and 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation 
Date, the Underlying for which the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
such Underlying on such day divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, Initial Value or Initial 
Fund Value (as applicable) of such Underlying is lowest, and, in respect of any Averaging 
Period, the Underlying for which the performance of the Underlying (as calculated on the 
basis of the arithmetic average of the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
the Underlying on each relevant Averaging Date) divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, 
Initial Value or Initial Fund Value (as applicable) for such Underlying is lowest.

--- Page 247 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 245 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
21. 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk are Multi Underlying Linked Notes. The 
return that an investor receives in relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
is linked to the performance of two or more Underlyings being any combination of single Shares, 
single Indices, single Fund Interests, Baskets of Indices, Baskets of Shares or Basket of Fund 
Interests, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in certain circumstances can result in 
the investor receiving a return that is less than par. 
The Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk do not bear interest linked to the 
underlying, but may bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 
(Interest). 
B. 
Formula for determination of the Final Redemption Amount and other optional provisions 
relating to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, on maturity the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of a Multi Underlying Upside Note with Capital at Risk shall be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, 
and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold (and, 
where Capital Downside is specified to be applicable, either (i) the Barrier Condition is 
satisfied or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied (or no Barrier Condition is 
specified), the Downside Final Price is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater 
than or equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return 
Threshold either: 
(i) 
if Digital Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܦ݅݃݅ݐ݈ܽ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Upside Return is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Specified Denomination x ൥Return Factor x FX Factor 1
൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price
െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2൩ 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Price is less than or equal to the 
Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied (or, if "Capital Downside" is 
applicable, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied but the Downside Final Price is greater 
than the Return Threshold): 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ܴ݁ݐݑݎ݊ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ ݔ ܨܺ ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ 1 
(c) 
Where "Capital Downside" is specified to be applicable, if the Final Price is (X) where a 
Barrier Condition is specified greater than, or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, 
greater than or equal, the Return Threshold and (i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not 
satisfied and (ii) the Downside Final Price is (A) where no Barrier Condition is specified,

--- Page 248 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 246 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less than or equal to, the Return 
Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 and Digital Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቂDigital Return ൅
Min ቄ0, Max ቀGearing 2 x ቀ
ୈ୭୵୬ୱ୧ୢୣ ୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣି୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣ
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୔୰୧ୡୣ
ቁ, െ100%ቁቅቃx FX Factor 1 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 and Digital Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎Digital Return
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
 Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(iii) 
if Downside Return 1 and Upside Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൥100%
൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൩x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(iv) 
if Downside Return 2 and Upside Return are specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎100%
൅Max ൝Minimum Return, Min ൭Cap, Gearing 1 x ൬Final Price
Initial Price െZ൰൱ൡx FX Factor 2
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike ൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
(d) 
if (i) the Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified less than or equal to, or 
(Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold and (ii) the 
Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied (and, where, Capital Downside is specified to be 
applicable the Downside Final Price is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified, less 
than or equal to, and (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return 
Threshold), either: 
(i) 
if "Downside Only Physical Settlement" is applicable, a Share Transfer Amount 
(calculated in accordance with Term 7 (Physical Settlement) of the Terms for

--- Page 249 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 247 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ൤100%
൅Min ൜0, Max ൬Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price െInitial Price
Initial Price
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨ x FX Factor 1 
OR 
(B) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Specified Denomination x ቎100%
൅Min ቐ0, Max ቌ
Gearing 2 x ሺLower Strike െUpper Strikeሻ,
Gearing 2 x ൬Downside Final Price
Initial Price
െUpper Strike൰, െ100%ቍቑ቏x FX Factor 1 
(provided that, if any of Cap, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1, FX Factor 
2 and/or Minimum Return are specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Cap shall be unlimited, Gearing 1, Gearing 2, Return Factor, FX Factor 1 
and/or FX Factor 2 (as applicable) shall be 100 per cent. and the Minimum Return shall 
be zero). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in 
relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that 
the price of the Worst Performing Underlying is greater than or equal 
to its Initial Share Price multiplied by the Barrier Threshold on the 
Barrier Valuation Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being 
applicable, that the arithmetic average of the prices of the Worst 
Performing Underlying on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than 
or equal to its Initial Share Price multiplied by the Barrier Threshold; 
(ii) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in 
relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that 
the price of the Best Performing Underlying is greater than or equal to 
its Initial Share Price multiplied by the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier 
Valuation Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being 
applicable, that the arithmetic average of the prices of such Share on 
each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than or equal to its Initial Share 
Price multiplied by the Barrier Threshold; 
(iii) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that the Multi 
Underlying Price is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on 
the Barrier Valuation Date, or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being 
applicable, that the arithmetic average of the Multi Underlying Prices 
on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than or equal to the Barrier 
Threshold;

--- Page 250 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 248 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(b) 
"American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in 
relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that 
the price of the Worst Performing Multi Underlying is greater than or 
equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation Period; 
(ii) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in 
relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that 
the price of the Best Performing Underlying is greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation Period; 
(iii) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that the Multi 
Underlying Price is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold 
during the Barrier Observation Period; 
 (c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in 
relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that 
the price of the Worst Performing Underlying is greater than or equal 
to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier Observation Date; 
(ii) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in 
relation to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that 
the price of the Best Performing Underlying is greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier Observation Date; 
(iii) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes with Capital at Risk, that the Multi 
Underlying Price is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on 
each and every Barrier Observation Date; 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless 
Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which 
case the price shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Best Performing Underlying" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation 
Date, the Underlying for which the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
such Underlying on such day divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, Initial Value or Initial 
Fund Value (as applicable) of such Underlying is highest, and, in respect of any Averaging 
Period, the Underlying for which the performance of the Underlying (as calculated on the 
basis of the arithmetic average of the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
the Underlying on each relevant Averaging Date) divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, 
Initial Value or Initial Fund Value (as applicable) for such Underlying is highest; 
"Cap", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Downside Final Price" means 
(a) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Downside Final 
Share Price of the Worst Performing Underlying; 
(b) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Downside Final 
Share Price of the Best Performing Underlying;

--- Page 251 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 249 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
(c) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Price multiplied by 
the arithmetic average of Downside Final Component Price Differentials for 
each Share as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
provided that where "Capital Downside" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Not Applicable", the Downside Final Price shall be the Final Price; 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; 
"Final Price" means: 
(a) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Final Share Price 
of the Worst Performing Underlying; 
(b) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Final Share Price 
of the Best Performing Underlying; 
(c) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Price multiplied by 
the arithmetic average of Final Component Price Differentials for each Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"FX Factor 1", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FX Factor 2", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Price" means: 
(a) 
where "Worst Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation 
to Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Share Price 
of the Worst Performing Underlying; 
(b) 
where "Best Performing Underlying" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to 
Multi Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the Initial Share Price 
of the Best Performing Underlying; 
(c) 
where "Average Performance" is specified as "Applicable" in relation to Multi 
Underlying Upside Notes without Capital at Risk, the arithmetic average of the 
Initial Share Prices of each Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in 
each case as determined in accordance with the relevant terms applicable to 
initial valuation thereof); 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Return", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 252 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 250 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
"Multi Underlying Price" means, in respect of any relevant date, the Initial Price 
multiplied by the arithmetic average of Component Price Differentials for each Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Return Factor", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" or "Z" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such percentage is specified, means 100 per cent.; 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"Upside Return", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the 
provisions above; and 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation 
Date, the Underlying for which the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
such Underlying on such day divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, Initial Value or Initial 
Fund Value (as applicable) of such Underlying is lowest, and, in respect of any Averaging 
Period, the Underlying for which the performance of the Underlying (as calculated on the 
basis of the arithmetic average of the Price, Level, Value or Fund Value (as applicable) of 
the Underlying on each relevant Averaging Date) divided by Initial Price, Initial Level, 
Initial Value or Initial Fund Value (as applicable) for such Underlying is lowest.

--- Page 253 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 251 - 
70-40754199 
 
TERMS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES/INDEX LINKED NOTES/FUND LINKED 
NOTES/MULTI UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
If the Notes are identified as "Equity Linked Notes", "Index Linked Notes", "Fund Linked Notes" or "Multi 
Underlying Linked Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, the Conditions applicable to the Notes shall be 
supplemented by the following Terms for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked 
Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between any of these Terms and 
the Conditions, or any statement in or incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, these Terms will 
prevail for the purposes of the Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes and Multi 
Underlying Linked Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between any of these Terms, the Conditions or 
any statement in or incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and the Final Terms in relation to 
the relevant Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes or Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether the "Underlying" in respect of the Equity Linked Note 
is a single Share (which may be an ETF Share) or a Basket of Shares (which may be ETF Shares), whether 
the Underlying in respect of the Index Linked Note is an Index or a Basket of Indices, whether the 
Underlying in respect of the Fund Linked Note is a Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests, and, in the 
case of the Multi Underlying Linked Note, shall specify the combination of such Underlyings in respect of 
the Multi Underlying Linked Note. 
1. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, 
Fund Linked Notes and Multi Underlying Linked Notes, the following terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, an Insolvency Filing, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or an Increased Cost of Hedging, ETF Modification, a Strategy Breach, a 
Regulatory Action and/or a Cross-contamination as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Note and as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms multiplied by the Kick Out FX Factor; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging" means, if specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that, for the purposes of determining whether an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, the performance of the relevant Share, Index, Fund Interest, 
Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund Interests (as applicable) will be determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Prices, Levels, Values or Fund Values of the Share, 
Index, Fund Interests, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund Interests (as 
applicable) on certain Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Dates; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date(s)" means, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in 
respect of Funds) below (as applicable) either: 
(a) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be an 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date; or 
(b) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, each day in the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Period; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging End Date" means the date specified as such in 
relation to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Period in the Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable);

--- Page 254 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 252 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Period" means, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and including the Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Start Date to and including the Automatic Early Redemption 
Averaging End Date; or 
(b) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging End Date and such number of Scheduled 
Valuation Days preceding the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging End Date as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging End Date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging End Date shall be the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation 
Day; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Start Date" means the date specified as such in 
relation to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Period in the Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if the scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date is not a 
Business Day, the Automatic Early Redemption Date shall be the next following Business Day; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, 
(a) 
if "Automatic Early Redemption Averaging" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the arithmetic average of the Prices, Levels, Values or Fund Values (as 
applicable) of the relevant Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices 
or Basket of Fund Interests on each Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date is 
greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
otherwise, that the price, level or value (as applicable) of the relevant Share, Index, Basket 
of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund Interests on the applicable Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is greater than the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Threshold specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where the price, level or value (as applicable) shall be determined as at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant date unless Constant Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect 
of the Automatic Early Redemption Event, in which case the price, level or value (as 
applicable) shall be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Threshold(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable, n per cent. as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 
8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable) or, if any originally scheduled Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant 
Underlying, the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Averaging Dates" means each of the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Dates, the Barrier 
Averaging Dates, the Interest Averaging Dates, the Final Averaging Dates, the Downside Final 
Averaging Dates and the Initial Averaging Dates; 
"Averaging Date Market Disruption", if applicable, means the procedures specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for determining the consequence of an Averaging Date being a Disrupted 
day, as described in Term 2 (Disruption) below;

--- Page 255 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 253 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Averaging Period(s)" means each of the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Period(s), the 
Barrier Averaging Period, the Interest Averaging Period(s), the Final Averaging Period, the 
Downside Final Averaging Period and the Initial Averaging Period; 
"Barrier Averaging" means, if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, 
for the purposes of determining whether the Barrier Condition has been satisfied, the performance 
of the relevant Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund 
Interests (as applicable) will be determined on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Prices, 
Levels, Values or Fund Values of the Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of 
Indices or Basket of Fund Interests (as applicable) on certain Barrier Averaging Dates; 
"Barrier Averaging Date(s)" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable), either: 
(a) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be a 
Barrier Averaging Date; or 
(b) 
if Barrier Averaging Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
each date in the Barrier Averaging Period; 
"Barrier Averaging End Date" means the date specified as such in relation to the relevant Barrier 
Averaging Period in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 
(Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Barrier Averaging Period" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and including the Barrier Averaging 
Start Date to and including the Barrier Averaging End Date; or 
(b) 
the Barrier Averaging End Date and such number of Scheduled Valuation Days preceding 
the Barrier Averaging End Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
if the scheduled Barrier Averaging End Date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the Barrier 
Averaging End Date shall be the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Barrier Averaging Start Date" means the date specified as such in relation to the relevant Barrier 
Averaging Period in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 
(Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Barrier Observation Dates" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
(i) in respect of a Share or an Index, each Exchange Business Day, (ii) in respect of a 
Basket, each Exchange Business Day which is an Exchange Business Day in respect of 
each Share or Index in the such Basket, and (iii) in respect of a Fund Interest or Basket of 
Fund Interests, each Scheduled Valuation Day, in the period from and including the 
"Barrier Observation Start Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms to and 
including the "Barrier Observation End Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Barrier Observation Period"); or 
(b) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be a 
Barrier Observation Date; 
"Barrier Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Share Price, Initial Value, Initial Index Level 
or Initial Fund Value (as applicable) of the relevant Underlying specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Barrier Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately

--- Page 256 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 254 - 
70-40754199 
 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with Term 
2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Basket" means a basket composed of Shares, Indices or Fund Interests (as applicable) in the 
relative proportions and/or, in the case of Shares only, numbers of Shares of each Share Issuer, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Best Performing Fund Interest" means, in respect of any Fund Business Day, the Fund Interest 
for which the Fund Value on such day divided by Initial Fund Value for such Fund Interest is 
highest, and, in respect of any Averaging Period, the Fund Interest for which the performance of 
the Fund Interest (as calculated on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Fund Value of the 
Fund Interest on each relevant Averaging Date) divided by Initial Fund Value for such Fund 
Interest is highest; 
"Best Performing Index" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date, the Index 
for which the Level of the Index on such day divided by Initial Index Level for such Index is 
highest, and, in respect of any Averaging Period, the Index for which the performance of the Index 
(as calculated on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Level of the Index on each relevant 
Averaging Date) divided by Initial Index Level for such Index is highest; 
"Best Performing Share" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date, the Share 
for which the Price of the Share on such day divided by Initial Share Price for such Share is highest, 
and, in respect of any Averaging Period, the Share for which the performance of the Share (as 
calculated on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Price of the Share on each relevant 
Averaging Date) divided by Initial Share Price for such Share is highest; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority 
or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligation in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any Shares or relevant hedge positions in respect of the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any solvency or capital requirements or any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) in maintaining the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes in issue or in holding, 
acquiring or disposing of any Shares or relevant hedge positions of the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes; 
"Component Fund Value Differential" means, in respect of each Fund Interest comprising a 
Basket or an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, or a Basket of Fund 
Interests comprising an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note and the relevant 
Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
dividing the Fund Value of such Fund Interest (or Basket of Fund Interests, as applicable) on such 
Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date by the Initial Fund Value; 
"Component Index Level Differential" means, in respect of each Index comprising a Basket or 
an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, or a Basket of Indices comprising an 
Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note and the relevant Valuation Date and/or 
Averaging Date, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Level of such 
Index (or Basket of Indices, as applicable) on such Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date by the 
Initial Index Level; 
"Component Price Differential" means, in respect of each Share comprising a Basket or an 
Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note and the relevant Valuation Date and/or

--- Page 257 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 255 - 
70-40754199 
 
Averaging Date, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Price for such 
Share on such Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date by the Initial Price; 
"Component Value Differential" means, in respect of each Basket of Shares Comprising an  
Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note and the relevant Valuation Date and/or 
Averaging Date, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Value for such 
Basket of Shares on such Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date by the Initial Value; 
"Cross-contamination" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the occurrence of 
a cross-contamination or other failure to effectively segregate assets between different classes, 
series or sub-funds of such ETF, and such event continues, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, for the foreseeable future; 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Final Redemption 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or any date on which the Notes are 
designated by the Issuer to redeem early; 
"Delisting" means that an Exchange announces that pursuant to its rules the Share or one or more 
of the Shares in the Basket has ceased (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and such Shares are 
not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European 
Union, in any member state of the European Union) and such Shares are no longer listed on an 
Exchange acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
"Disrupted Day" means, 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Valuation Day on which (i) if "Multi-Exchange 
Index" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the relevant Index or, if an Exchange is specified in relation to such 
Index, such Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, any day which is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index 
comprising the Basket; 
(c) 
in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Valuation Day on which (i) the relevant Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day which is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share 
comprising the Basket; 
"Downside Final Averaging" means, if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Downside Final Share Price, Downside Final Index Level, Downside Final Value 
or Downside Final Fund Value (as applicable) of the relevant Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket 
of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund Interests will be determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic average of Prices, Levels, Values or Fund Values (as applicable) of such Share, Index, 
Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund Interests on certain Downside 
Final Averaging Dates; 
"Downside Final Averaging Date(s)" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption), either: 
(a) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be a 
Downside Final Averaging Date; or

--- Page 258 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 256 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
if Downside Final Averaging Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, each date in the Downside Final Averaging Period; 
"Downside Final Averaging End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption); 
"Downside Final Averaging Period" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and including the Downside Final 
Averaging Start Date to and including the Downside Final Averaging End Date; or 
(b) 
the Downside Final Averaging End Date and such number of Scheduled Valuation Days 
preceding the Downside Final Averaging End Date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if the scheduled Downside Final Averaging End Date is not a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the Downside Final Averaging End Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Downside Final Averaging Start Date" means, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption); 
"Downside Final Component Fund Value Differential" means, in respect of each Fund Interest 
comprising a Basket or an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, or a Basket 
of Fund Interests comprising an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Downside Final Fund Value of 
such Fund Interest (or Basket of Fund Interests, as applicable) by the Initial Fund Value; 
"Downside Final Component Index Level Differential" means, in respect of each Index 
comprising a Basket or an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, or a Basket 
of Indices comprising an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Downside Final Index Level of such Index 
(or Basket of Indices, as applicable) by the Initial Index Level; 
"Downside Final Component Price Differential" means, in respect of each Share comprising a 
Basket or an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Downside Final Price for such Share by the Initial Price; 
"Downside Final Component Value Differential" means, in respect of each Basket of Shares 
Comprising an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Downside Final Value for such Basket of Shares by the 
Initial Value; 
"Downside Final Fund Value" or "DFFV" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Fund Interest (i) if Downside Final Averaging is specified as applicable in 
relation to the Downside Final Fund Value in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Fund Values of the Fund Interest each Downside Final Averaging Date 
specified in relation to the Downside Final Fund Level in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) 
if "Downside Best Final" is applicable in relation to the Downside Final Fund Value, the 
highest Fund Value as of : (A) the Valuation Time on each Scheduled Valuation Day or 
(B) if "Constant Monitoring" is applicable, at any time on each Scheduled Valuation 
Day, in the period from and including the "Downside Best Final Start Date" to and 
including the "Downside Best Final End Date" each as specified in relation to the 
Downside Final Fund Value in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) otherwise, the level of 
the relevant Index at the Valuation Time on the Downside Final Redemption Valuation 
Date as specified in relation to the Downside Final Fund Level in the applicable Final 
Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, the Initial Fund Value of such Basket multiplied 
by the weighted average of the Downside Final Component Fund Value Differentials for 
each Fund Interest comprising such Basket as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 259 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 257 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Downside Final Index Level" or "DFIL" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, (i) if Downside Final Averaging is specified as applicable in relation 
to the Downside Final Index Level in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
of the levels of the Index as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor at the Valuation 
Time on each Downside Final Averaging Date specified in relation to the Downside Final 
Index Level in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if "Downside Best Final" is applicable in 
relation to the Downside Final Index Level, the highest level of the relevant Index 
published by the Index Sponsor as of: (A) the Valuation Time on each Scheduled 
Valuation Day or (B) if "Constant Monitoring" is applicable, at any time on each 
Scheduled Valuation Day, in the period from and including the "Downside Best Final 
Start Date" to and including the "Downside Best Final End Date" each as specified in 
relation to the Downside Final Index Level in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) otherwise, 
the level of the relevant Index at the Valuation Time on the Downside Final Redemption 
Valuation Date as specified in relation to the Downside Final Index Level in the applicable 
Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), Initial 
Index Level multiplied by the weighted average of Downside Final Component Index 
Level Differentials for each Index comprising such Basket as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Downside Final Redemption Valuation Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Downside Final Share Price" or "DFSP" means, in respect of a Share (i) if Downside Final 
Averaging is specified as applicable in relation to the Downside Final Share Price, (a) the 
arithmetic average of the prices of one such Share in the Share Currency quoted on the Exchange 
at the Valuation Time on each Downside Final Averaging Date specified in relation to the 
Downside Final Share Price in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if "Downside Best Final" is 
applicable, the highest price of one such Share quoted on the Exchange as of: (A) the Valuation 
Time on each Scheduled Valuation Day or (B) if "Constant Monitoring" is applicable, at any time 
on each Scheduled Valuation Day, in the period from and including the "Best Downside Start 
Date" to and including the "Downside Best Final End Date" each as specified in relation to the 
Downside Final Share Price in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) otherwise, the price of one such 
Share in the Share Currency quoted on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on the Downside Final 
Redemption Valuation Date specified in relation to the Downside Final Share Price in the 
applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Downside Final Value" or "DFV" means, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), in 
respect of a Basket of Shares, Initial Value multiplied by the weighted average of Downside Final 
Component Price Differentials for each Share comprising such Basket as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share/an Index (as applicable), the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) prior to its/their 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) system(s) for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"ETF" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share as specified in relation to 
the relevant ETF Share in the Final Terms); 
"ETF Administrator" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities

--- Page 260 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 258 - 
70-40754199 
 
for such ETF in respect of such ETF Share according to the ETF Fund Documents of such ETF 
and such ETF Share; 
"ETF Adviser" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any person appointed in 
the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a 
non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-
discretionary investment adviser) to such ETF in respect of such ETF Share, or any successor; 
"ETF Fund Documents" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the constitutive 
and governing documents of such ETF in respect of such ETF Share, and the subscription 
agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Shares and as amended from 
time to time; 
"ETF Modification" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any change or 
modification of the ETF Fund Documents of such ETF in respect of such ETF Share which could 
reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies of 
any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the Issue 
Date; 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any person who 
is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such ETF in respect of such ETF Share, 
whether or not specified in the relevant ETF Fund Documents or any successor, including, without 
limitation, any ETF Administrator, ETF Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or 
domiciliary agent; 
"ETF Share" means the share as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Exchange(s)" means, 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, if an Exchange is specified in relation to that Index in the applicable 
Final Terms, such Exchange, and, if "Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in relation to 
that Index in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any securities comprised in such 
Index, the stock exchanges (from time to time) on which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent such securities are listed for the purposes of such Index or any successor 
to any such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
to which trading in the securities comprised in the relevant Index has temporarily been 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the securities underlying such Index on such successor or substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
(b) 
in respect of a Share, the Exchange specified for such Share in the applicable Final Terms 
or otherwise the principal stock exchange on which such Share is, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, traded or quoted or any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share has 
temporarily been relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such successor or substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share/an Index (as applicable), any Scheduled 
Valuation Day on which the relevant Exchange(s) and each Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) closing prior to its/their Scheduled Closing Time, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (x) if "Multi-Exchange Index" is 
specified in relation to that Index in the applicable Final Terms any security comprised in 
such Index on any relevant Exchange and (y) if an Exchange is specified in relation to that

--- Page 261 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 259 - 
70-40754199 
 
Index in the applicable Final Terms, securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of such Index on the such Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
(b) 
in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on the relevant Exchange or 
(ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, the characterisation of a dividend or 
portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend by the Calculation Agent; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means, in relation to a Fund, the occurrence or continuance at any 
time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(a) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider: (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund 
Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, 
custodian, prime brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable); (ii) is dissolved 
or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes 
a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv)(1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-
clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified 
in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Fund Merger Event or Fund Tender Offer; 
(c) 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the sole 
and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the 
Fund Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Interests; 
(d) 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any 
Fund Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) 
any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings are 
commenced or are threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key 
personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent, materially affect the value of 
the Fund Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Interests;

--- Page 262 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 260 - 
70-40754199 
 
(e) 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent 
and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider 
to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which 
failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Interests or 
on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Interests; 
(f) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or 
a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service 
Provider fails to appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key 
individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(g) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever 
described, including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those 
set out in the Fund Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification 
or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature; 
(h) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, 
or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
(i) 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the Fund (including, but not limited to, a material modification of the 
Fund Documents or to the Fund's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which 
does not affect the Fund Interests or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund 
Interest relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Interests issued by the Fund); 
(j) 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
(k) 
the currency denomination of the Fund Interests is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the NAV per Fund Interest is no longer calculated in the same currency 
as it was as at the Issue Date; 
(l) 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; 
(m) 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents) of shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into 
consideration the potential cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever 
described in the Fund Documents) that such new class or series has or may have an adverse 
effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Securities; 
(n) 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Interest; 
(o) 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund 
Interest; 
(p) 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Interest; 
(q) 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Interest that, in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Interest; 
(r) 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund 
fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Interest within the Number 
of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the 
valuation of the Fund Interests unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical

--- Page 263 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 261 - 
70-40754199 
 
nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such 
publication; 
(s) 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Interest 
when such asset prices could have been obtained from independent sources and the asset 
prices from independent sources materially diverge from the asset prices provided by the 
investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
(t) 
the assets under management of the Fund fall below the Minimum AUM Level; 
(u) 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Interest is 
inaccurate, or (ii) the reported net asset value of the Fund Interests misrepresents the net 
asset value of the Fund Interests; 
(v) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; 
(w) 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the 
NAV per Fund Interest is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the 
NAV per Fund Interest communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in respect of 
the same date, (ii) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide 
an unqualified audit report, in respect of the Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, does not deem the audited net asset value of the Fund to 
be representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund; 
(x) 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to 
be delivered or published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, 
or agreed to cause to be delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, 
or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to the Hedge Provider or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund 
Interest; 
(y) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, 
with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the 
investment portfolio or other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
(z) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in 
respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing 
conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the Fund is 
required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Interests, (iv) the Hedge Provider 
is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any Fund Interests held in connection with any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Interests or other activities or 
undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Interests, 
including any Hedge Provider; or 
(aa) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any Fund Interests (including, for the avoidance of any 
doubt, any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), (ii) the Fund

--- Page 264 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 262 - 
70-40754199 
 
suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Interests (including, without limitation, if 
the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting 
the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Interests), (iii) the Fund imposes 
in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), 
charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Interests by the Hedge 
Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund 
Interests, if in any case it could, in the sole and absolute determination of the Calculation 
Agent, have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to 
its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or 
in part, of the Fund Interests is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund 
Interests at any time for any reason. 
For the purposes of the foregoing: 
"Fund" shall have the meaning given to it below in the definition of "Fund" and include 
any fund in which such Fund invests any of its investible assets from time to time; and 
"Fund Interests" shall have the meaning defined in "Fund Interest(s)" and the shares or 
units in any Fund; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Final Averaging" means, if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
Final Share Price, Final Index Level, Final Fund Value or Final Value (as applicable) of the 
relevant Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund 
Interests will be determined on the basis of the arithmetic average of Prices, Levels, Values or 
Fund Values (as applicable) of such Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of 
Indices or Basket of Fund Interests on certain Final Averaging Dates; 
"Final Averaging Date(s)" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable), either: 
(a) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be a Final 
Averaging Date; or 
(b) 
if Final Averaging Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
each date in the Final Averaging Period; 
"Final Averaging End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect 
of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Final Averaging Period" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and including the Final Averaging Start 
Date to and including the Final Averaging End Date; or 
(b) 
the Final Averaging End Date and such number of Scheduled Valuation Days preceding 
the Final Averaging End Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
the scheduled Final Averaging End Date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the Final 
Averaging End Date shall be the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Final Averaging Start Date" means, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect 
of Funds) below (as applicable);

--- Page 265 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 263 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Final Component Fund Value Differential" means, in respect of each Fund Interest comprising 
a Basket or an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, or a Basket of Fund 
Interests comprising an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Final Fund Value of such Fund Interest (or 
Basket of Fund Interests, as applicable) by the Initial Fund Value; 
"Final Component Index Level Differential" means, in respect of each Index comprising a 
Basket or an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, or a Basket of Indices 
comprising an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent by dividing the Final Index Level of such Index (or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable) by the Initial Index Level; 
"Final Component Price Differential" means, in respect of each Share comprising a Basket or an 
Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by dividing the Final Price for such Share by the Initial Price; 
"Final Component Value Differential" means, in respect of each Basket of Shares Comprising 
an Underlying in respect of a Multi-Underlying Linked Note, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by dividing the Final Value for such Basket of Shares by the Initial Value; 
"Final Fund Redemption Valuation Date" means the last Fund Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date on which a Hypothetical Investor could have validly submitted a redemption 
application for value on the Maturity Date, subject to postponement due to an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Final Fund Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Fund Interest (i) if Final Averaging is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Fund Values of the Fund Interest 
each Final Averaging Date or, (ii) if "Best Strike" is applicable the highest Fund Value 
determined by the Calculation Agent during the period from and including the 
"Redemption Level Start Date" to and including the "Redemption Level End Date" 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) otherwise the Fund Value of the 
Fund Interest on the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, the Initial Fund Value of such Basket multiplied 
by the weighted average of Final Component Fund Value Differentials for each Fund 
Interest comprising such Basket as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Final Index Level" or "FIL" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, (i) if Final Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the levels of the Index as calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor at the Valuation Time on each Final Averaging Date specified in 
relation to the Final Index Level in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if "Best Final" is 
applicable the highest level of the relevant Index published by the Index Sponsor as of: 
(A) the Valuation Time on each Scheduled Valuation Day or (B) if "Constant 
Monitoring" is applicable, at any time on each Scheduled Valuation Day, in the period 
from and including the "Best Final Start Date" to and including the "Best Final End 
Date" each specified in relation to the Final Index Level in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(iii) otherwise, the level of the relevant Index at the Valuation Time on the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date specified in relation to the Final Index Level in the applicable 
Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), Initial 
Index Level multiplied by the weighted average of Final Component Index Level 
Differentials for each Index comprising such Basket as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;

--- Page 266 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 264 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Final Redemption Valuation Date" means (i) the date (if any) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; or (ii) in respect of a Fund Interest unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Fund Redemption Valuation Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 
(Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable) or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of the relevant Underlying, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Final Share Price" or "FSP" means, in respect of a Share (i) if Final Averaging is applicable, (a) 
the arithmetic average of the prices of one such Share in the Share Currency quoted on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on each Final Averaging Date specified in relation to the Final 
Share Price in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if "Best Final" is applicable, the highest price of one 
such Share quoted on the Exchange as of: (A) the Valuation Time on each Scheduled Valuation 
Day or (B) if "Constant Monitoring" is applicable, at any time on each Scheduled Valuation Day, 
in the period from and including the "Best Final Start Date" to and including the "Best Final End 
Date" each as specified in relation to the Final Share Price in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) 
otherwise, the price of one such Share in the Share Currency quoted on the Exchange at the 
Valuation Time on the Final Redemption Valuation Date specified in relation to the Final Share 
Price in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Final Value" or "FV" means, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), in respect of a 
Basket of Shares, Initial Value multiplied by the weighted average of Final Component Price 
Differentials for each Share comprising such Basket as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund, Private Equity Fund or any other fund, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a single Fund Interest, a date (i) that is a Scheduled Valuation Day and (ii) 
on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for 
the Fund Interests executed at the NAV per Fund Interest published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, a date (i) that is a Scheduled Valuation Day for 
all Fund Interests comprised in the Basket and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or 
could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund Interest executed at the 
NAV per Fund Interest published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Fund Documents" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Fund Interest, the offering document of the relevant Fund in effect on the 
Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Interest and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in 
respect of the Fund, as further described in any Fund Document; or 
(b) 
in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the constitutive and governing documents 
of such ETF in respect of such ETF Share, and the subscription agreements and other 
agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Shares and as amended from time to time; 
"Fund Interest(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any 
other interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any 
(i) reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with or 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or

--- Page 267 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 265 - 
70-40754199 
 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of an Entity that results in a transfer of or 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the 
Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund 
Event Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date. For the purposes of this definition only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund 
Interests or the shares of any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and 
"Entity" shall mean the applicable ETF or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context 
may require; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any adviser, manager, administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal 
or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund 
Service Provider, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant; 
"Fund Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Fund Interest, on any Fund Business Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the net redemption proceeds per Fund Interest that would have been 
received as of such Fund Business Day by a Hypothetical Investor in the Fund had such 
Hypothetical Investor provided a timely notice in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Fund to the Fund and any other party necessary to effect a redemption 
(or other disposition) of an investment in the Fund for such Fund Business Day (such 
redemption, a "Hypothetical Investor Redemption") net of any Related Costs; and 
(b) 
means, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), in respect of a Basket of Fund 
Interests and the relevant Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, Initial Fund Value 
multiplied by the weighted average of Component Fund Value Differentials for each Fund 
Interest comprising such Basket as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an affiliate 
or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or, 
where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be 
deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or 
be deemed to hold such number of Fund Interests, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund 
Interests as it (or, in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would 
be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the 
currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Inflation 
Linked Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of

--- Page 268 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 266 - 
70-40754199 
 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Equity Linked/Fund Linked/Index Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Interest which is deemed to have the 
benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a 
Fund Interest at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation 
Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context 
of the relevant situation); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity/index/fund interest price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or any of its respective affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging; and 
"Index" means an index specified in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto, and in 
respect of a Basket, means one of the indices specified in the definition of Basket or any Successor 
Index, and "Indices" means all such indices together; 
"Index Cancellation" means, in respect of an Index, the Index Sponsor in respect of such Index 
cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists; 
"Index Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, the Index Sponsor in respect of such Index fails 
to calculate and announce the Level; 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating such Index or in any other way materially modifies such Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Index in the event of changes 
in constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine events); 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, either (x) the index sponsor specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other corporation or entity as determined by the Calculation Agent 
that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Valuation Day failing 
whom such person acceptable to the Calculation Agent who calculates and announces the relevant 
Index or any agent or person acting on behalf of such person or (y) if no such index sponsor is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the corporation or entity as determined by the 
Calculation Agent that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the 
methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly 
or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Valuation 
Day, failing whom such person acceptable to the Calculation Agent who calculates and announces 
the relevant Index or any agent or person acting on behalf of such person; 
"Initial Averaging" means, if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
Initial Share Price, Initial Value, Initial Fund Value or Initial Index Level (as applicable) will be 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic average of Prices, Levels, Values or Fund Values (as 
applicable) of the Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of 
Fund Interests on certain Initial Averaging Dates;

--- Page 269 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 267 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Initial Averaging Date(s)" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable), either: 
(a) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be an 
Initial Averaging Date; or 
(b) 
if Initial Averaging Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
each date in the Initial Averaging Period; 
"Initial Averaging End Date" means the date specified as such in relation to the Initial Averaging 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) 
or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Initial Averaging Period" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and including the Initial Averaging Start 
Date to and including the Initial Averaging End Date; or 
(b) 
the Initial Averaging End Date and such number of Scheduled Valuation Days preceding 
the Initial Averaging End Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
if the scheduled Initial Averaging End Date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the Initial 
Averaging End Date shall be the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Initial Averaging Start Date" means the date specified as such in relation to the Initial Averaging 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) 
or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Initial Fund Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Fund Interest (i) if Initial Averaging is applicable, the arithmetic average 
of the Fund Value of the Fund Interest each Initial Averaging Date or, (ii) if "Best Strike" 
is applicable the highest Fund Value determined by the Calculation Agent during the 
period from and including the "Strike Start Date" to and including the "Strike End Date" 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) otherwise the Fund Value of the 
Fund Interest on the Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), 
the weighted average of the Initial Fund Values of each of the Fund Interests constituting 
the Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Initial Index Level" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index (i) if Initial Averaging is applicable, the arithmetic average of the 
levels of the relevant Index as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor at the 
Valuation Time on each Initial Averaging Date, (ii) if "Best Strike" is applicable the 
lowest level of the relevant Index published by the Index Sponsor as of: (A) the Valuation 
Time on each Scheduled Valuation Day or (B) if "Constant Monitoring" is applicable, 
at any time on each Scheduled Valuation Day, in the period from and including the "Strike 
Start Date" to and including the "Strike End Date" each as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (iii) the Initial Index Level specified in the Final Terms, or (iv) otherwise the 
level of the relevant Index at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, subject to 
Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), the weighted average of the Initial Index Levels of 
the Indices constituting the Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Share Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a Share 
(i) if Initial Averaging is applicable, the arithmetic average of the Prices of one such Share in the

--- Page 270 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 268 - 
70-40754199 
 
Share Currency quoted on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on each Initial Averaging Date, (ii) 
if "Best Strike" is applicable, the lowest price of one such Share in the Share Currency quoted on 
the Exchange as of: (A) the Valuation Time on each Scheduled Valuation Day or (B) if "Constant 
Monitoring" applicable, at any time on each Scheduled Valuation Day, in the period from and 
including the "Strike Start Date" to and including the "Strike End Date" each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (iii) otherwise, the price of one such Share in the Share Currency quoted 
on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
"Initial Value" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, subject to Term 3 (Best 
of/Worst of Provisions), in respect of a Basket of Shares, the weighted average of the Initial Share 
Prices of the Shares constituting the Basket, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable), that by reason of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any 
analogous proceeding affecting such Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable), (A) all the Shares of such 
Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (B) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) become 
legally prohibited from transferring them, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) has instituted or has had instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such a petition; 
"Interest Averaging" means, if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for 
the purposes of determining whether an Interest Amount Event has occurred, the performance of 
the Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices or Basket of Fund Interests (as 
applicable) will be determined on the basis of the arithmetic average of Prices, Levels, Values or 
Fund Values (as applicable) of the Share, Index, Fund Interest, Basket of Shares, Basket of Indices 
or Basket of Fund Interests on certain Interest Averaging Dates; 
"Interest Averaging Date(s)" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable), either: 
(a) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be an 
Interest Averaging Date; or 
(b) 
if Initial Averaging Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
each date in the Initial Averaging Period; 
"Interest Averaging End Date" means the date specified as such in relation to the relevant Interest 
Averaging Period in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Term 2 
(Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Interest Averaging Period" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
each Scheduled Valuation Day in the period from and including the Interest Averaging 
Start Date to and including the Interest Averaging End Date; or 
(b) 
the Interest Averaging End Date and such number of Scheduled Valuation Days preceding 
the Interest Averaging End Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
if the scheduled Interest Averaging End Date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the 
Interest Averaging End Date shall be the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day;

--- Page 271 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 269 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Interest Averaging Start Date" means the date specified as such in relation to the relevant 
Interest Averaging Period in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Interest Observation Dates" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
(i) in respect of a Share or an Index, each Exchange Business Day, (ii) in respect of a 
Basket, each Exchange Business Day which is an Exchange Business Day in respect of 
each Share or Index in the such Basket and (iii) in respect of a Fund Interest or Basket of 
Fund Interests, each Scheduled Valuation Day, from and including the "Interest 
Observation Start Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms to and including the 
"Interest Observation End Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Interest 
Observation Period"); or 
(b) 
each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day which is not already specified or deemed to be an 
Interest Observation Date; 
"Interest Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day in relation to the relevant Underlying, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with Term 
2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) below (as applicable); 
"Kick Out FX Factor", if applicable, means the FX Factor specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (provided that if Kick Out FX Factor is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Kick Out FX Factor shall be 100 per cent.); 
"Level" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, on any relevant Exchange Business Day, the level of the Index, as 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices and the relevant Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, 
subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), Initial Index Level multiplied by the 
weighted average of Component Index Level Differentials for each Index comprising such 
Basket as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled Valuation Day of (i) 
a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole discretion is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure, provided that, if "Multi-
Exchange Index" is specified in relation to that Index in the applicable Final Terms, the 
securities comprised in the relevant Index in respect of which an Early Closure, an 
Exchange Disruption and/or a Trading Disruption occurs or exists amount, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, in aggregate to 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Index. For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists 
at any time in respect of a security included in the relevant Index at any time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of such Index shall be based 
on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the relevant Index attributable to that 
security and (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case immediately before the 
occurrence of such Market Disruption Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled Valuation Day of (i) 
a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole discretion is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 272 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 270 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Merger Date" means, in respect of a Merger Event, the closing date of such Merger Event or, 
where the Calculation Agent determines that a closing date cannot be determined under the local 
law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of one or more of the Shares in the Basket, any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share Issuer or ETF (as 
applicable) with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), 
(iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the relevant 
Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by the such other entity or 
person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such 
Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the Valuation Date (or such 
other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Minimum AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, with respect to: (i) a Mutual Fund, EUR 50,000,000; (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR 50,000,000; 
or (iii) a Private Equity Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or the equivalent in any other currency; 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Nationalisation" means (i) in respect of an ETF, that all the ETF Shares of such ETF or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such ETF; or (ii) in respect of a Share Issuer, that all the 
Shares of a Share Issuer or all or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer, are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"NAV per Fund Interest" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Interests and a Fund Business 
Day, (i) the net asset value per Fund Interest as of the related Automatic Early Redemption 
Averaging Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable), as reported by the Fund 
Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors 
or a publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only 
the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Interests, the net asset value per Fund Interest calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Interests divided 
by the number of Fund Interests issued and outstanding as of the related valuation date (as 
applicable); 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Interests, that (i) the NAV per Fund Interest 
has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time 
during the related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that 
is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment 
of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents 
or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, with respect to: (i) a Mutual Fund, 50 per cent.; (ii) a Hedge Fund, 50 per cent.; 
or (iii) a Private Equity Fund, 50 per cent.; 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date;

--- Page 273 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 271 - 
70-40754199 
 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than the 
relevant Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or a third party, that are, or that as of the 
Merger Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member of state of the European Union) or on 
another exchange acceptable to the Calculation Agent and (ii) not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, five calendar days 
or (ii) a Hedge Fund, 10 calendar days; 
"Observation Date" means each Interest Observation Date, Barrier Observation Date and Lock-
In Observation Date; 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets 
(whether of the entity or person (other than the relevant Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event 
or a third party); 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: a subdivision, consolidation or 
reclassification of one or more of the Shares in the Basket (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or 
a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation 
or similar issue; a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of one or more of the Shares 
in the Basket of (A) such Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the relevant Share Issuer or ETF (as 
applicable) equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares, or (C) share 
capital or other securities of another issuing institution acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the relevant Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; an Extraordinary Dividend; a call by a Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) in 
respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; a repurchase by a Share Issuer or ETF (as 
applicable) or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether 
the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; with respect to a Share Issuer 
or ETF (as applicable), an event that results in any shareholder rights pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a 
price below their market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Share 
Issuer or ETF (as applicable) (provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event 
shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or any other event that may have a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of one or more of the Shares in the Basket, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Price" means, in respect of a Share, on any Exchange Business Day, the price of one such Share 
in the Share Currency quoted on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Redemption Amount" means the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption 
Amount; 
"Regulatory Action" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, (i) the cancellation, 
suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF or such ETF Share by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such ETF or such ETF Share; (ii) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such ETF or its 
ETF Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an 
adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in such ETF Share; or (iii) such

--- Page 274 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 272 - 
70-40754199 
 
ETF or any of its ETF Administrator or its ETF Adviser becomes subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the 
alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting from the operation of 
such ETF, ETF Administrator or ETF Adviser; 
"Related Costs" means, in connection with a Hypothetical Investor Redemption and in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) all accrued management, load, administrative and other 
per Fund Interest fees, costs, expenses, levies, or adjustments; (ii) all taxes and duties which may 
be withheld or applied by the Fund (including any potential taxes and duties which the Calculation 
Agent considers may arise); and (iii) all other taxes and duties in respect of the Fund which would 
otherwise be required to be paid (including any potential taxes and duties which the Calculation 
Agent considers may arise); 
"Related Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system as the Calculation Agent 
determines on which trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index, any transferee 
or successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange); 
(b) 
in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share or such other options or futures exchange(s) as the Issuer 
shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) select, any transferee exchange 
or quotation system or any successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Related Exchange), 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or a Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or such Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Valuation Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Valuation Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, (i) if "Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in relation to that Index 
in the applicable Final Terms, any day on which the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of such Index and each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session and (ii) if an Exchange is specified in relation to the 
Index in the applicable Final Terms, any day on which such Exchange and each Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding the relevant Exchange(s) or any relevant Related Exchange(s) closing 
prior to its/their Scheduled Closing Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, any day which is a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect 
of each Index comprising the Basket; 
(c) 
in respect of a Share, any day on which the relevant Exchange and each relevant Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding the relevant Exchange(s) or any relevant Related Exchange(s) closing 
prior to its/their Scheduled Closing Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 275 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 273 - 
70-40754199 
 
(d) 
in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day which is a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect 
of each Share comprising the Basket; 
(e) 
in respect of a Fund Interest, any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, 
the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or, but for 
the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, would have been scheduled to determine 
the NAV per Fund Interest; and 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket of Fund Interests, any day which is a Scheduled Valuation Day in 
respect of each Fund Interest comprising the Basket; 
"Share" means a share or ETF Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of a 
Basket, means one of the shares or ETF Shares (as applicable) specified in the definition of Basket, 
and "Shares" or "ETF Shares" means all such shares together; 
"Share Currency" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Share Issuer" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strategy Breach" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any breach or violation 
of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF Fund Documents of such ETF in respect 
of such ETF Share which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to 
affect: (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any such ETF 
Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Issue Date; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such (if any) in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Term 2 (Disruption) or Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) 
below (as applicable) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of the relevant 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Valuation Day; 
"Successor Index" means, in respect of an Index, where such Index is (i) not calculated and 
announced by the relevant Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of the relevant Index, such successor index or index calculated and 
announced by the successor sponsor; 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the relevant 
Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant; 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by a relevant 
Exchange or a Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
or otherwise (i) if "Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in relation to that Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to any security comprised in 
the relevant Index or, if an Exchange is specified in relation to that Index in the applicable 
Final Terms, relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 276 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 274 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by an Exchange 
or a Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or such Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on a Related Exchange, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
"Valuation Date" means, for purposes of Term 2 (Disruption) only, each Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, each Interest Valuation Date, each Barrier Valuation Date and the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Valuation Time" means the time on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date in relation to the relevant Share/Index. If a 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and the specified Valuation Time is 
after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then (subject to Term 2 (Disruption) 
below) the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; 
"Value" means, subject to Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), in respect of a Basket of Shares 
and the relevant Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, Initial Value multiplied by the weighted 
average of Component Price Differentials for each Share comprising such Basket as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Worst Performing Fund Interest" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date, 
the Fund Interest for which the Fund Value on such day divided by Initial Fund Value for such 
Fund Interest is lowest, and, in respect of any Averaging Period, the Fund Interest for which the 
performance of the Fund Interest (as calculated on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Fund 
Value of the Fund Interest on each relevant Averaging Date) divided by Initial Fund Value for such 
Fund Interest lowest; 
"Worst Performing Index" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date, the 
Index for which the Level of the Index on such day divided by Initial Index Level for such Index 
is lowest, and, in respect of any Averaging Period, the Index for which the performance of the 
Index (as calculated on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Level of the Index on each relevant 
Averaging Date) divided by Initial Index Level for such Index is lowest; 
"Worst Performing Share" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or Observation Date, the 
Share for which the Price of the Share on such day divided by Initial Share Price for such Share is 
lowest, and, in respect of any Averaging Period, the Share for which the performance of the Share 
(as calculated on the basis of the arithmetic average of the Price of the Share on each relevant 
Averaging Date) divided by Initial Share Price for such Share is lowest. 
2. 
Disruption 
2.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Strike Date, any Valuation Date or any Observation 
Date, as the case may be, in respect of the relevant Underlying is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike 
Date, such Valuation Date, or such Observation Date, as the case may be, in respect of such 
Underlying only shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of such 
Underlying that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Valuation Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the determination by the Calculation Agent of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, such Valuation Date or such 
Observation Date, as the case may be, in respect of such Underlying is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case: 
(a) 
that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, such Valuation 
Date or such Observation Date, as the case may be, in respect of such Underlying 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Underlying; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the level of such Index on that eighth Scheduled Valuation 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Index last

--- Page 277 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 275 - 
70-40754199 
 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Valuation Day of each security comprised in the relevant Index (or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of a relevant security on that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day, 
its good faith estimate of the price for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day). 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, the level of such Basket of Indices on that eighth 
Scheduled Valuation Day by determining the level of each Index comprising the 
Basket in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Valuation Day of each security comprised in the relevant Index (or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of a relevant security on that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day, 
its good faith estimate of the price for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day); 
(iii) 
in respect of a Share, the price of one such Share as its good faith estimate of the 
price of one such Share that would have prevailed, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day; 
and 
(iv) 
in respect of a Basket of Shares, the value of such Basket of Shares by determining 
the price of one of each of the Shares comprising the Basket as its good faith 
estimate of the price of one of each of such Shares that would have prevailed, but 
for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, at the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
2.2 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of an Underlying, then, if the consequence 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to "Averaging Date Market Disruption" is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date for purposes of determining the performance of such Underlying provided that, if 
through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur in respect of the 
relevant Underlying during the relevant Averaging Period, then the performance of the 
Underlying in respect of the relevant Averaging Period will be determined in accordance 
with Term 2.1 above as if the final scheduled Averaging Date in the relevant Averaging 
Period was a Valuation Date in respect of such Underlying that was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then Term 2.1 above will apply for purposes of determining the 
performance of such Underlying on such Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date in respect of such Underlying that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date in respect of such Underlying; 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i) 
the Averaging Date for the relevant Underlying affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Underlying (as applicable). If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Underlying has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled 
Valuation Day immediately following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, 
then (1) that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Valuation Day is already an 
Averaging Date) in relation to the relevant Underlying; and (2) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level, price or value in respect of such Underlying (as 
applicable) for that Averaging Date in accordance with Term 2.1(b) above; and

--- Page 278 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 276 - 
70-40754199 
 
(ii) 
"Valid Date" shall mean a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of the relevant 
Underlying that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in 
the relevant Averaging Period does not or is not deemed to occur in respect of the 
Underlying. 
(d) 
"Preceding", then such Averaging Date in respect of the Underlying will be the 
immediately preceding day that is a Scheduled Valuation Day for such Underlying that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date has not or is deemed to have 
not occurred. 
2.3 
Postponement of Payments 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other term or condition of the Notes, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of any Underlying on any Valuation 
Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, payment of any relevant Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall be postponed 
to the later of (i) the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date or the Automatic Early Redemption 
Date (as applicable) and (ii) the date that is three Business Days (or such other period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) following such postponed Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of the postponement of any payment of the Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this Term 2 (Disruption). 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice to the holders of the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer) of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day if it results in the postponement of any payment in respect of the 
Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
3. 
Best of/Worst of Provisions 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that any one or more Underlyings is a Basket, the Final 
Terms may further specify that, in relation to any one or more determinations of the performance 
of such Underlying(s), either "Best of Provisions" or "Worst of Provisions" are applicable. If "Best 
of Provisions" are specified as applicable, the Value or Level of the Basket and/or the Final Value, 
Final Index Level, Final Downside Value or Final Downside Index Level (as applicable) of the 
Basket for the purposes of such determination will be calculated on the basis of the Best Performing 
Share, Best Performing Index or Best Performing Fund Interest, as applicable, in the relevant 
Basket, as if the Basket is constituted of only such Share, or Index or Fund Interest, as applicable. 
If "Worst of Provisions" are specified as applicable the Value or Level of the Basket and/or the 
Final Value, Final Index Level, Final Downside Value or Final Downside Index Level (as 
applicable) of the Basket for the purposes of such determination will be calculated on the basis of 
the Worst Performing Share, Worst Performing Index or Worst Performing Fund Interest, as 
applicable, in the relevant Basket, as if the Basket is constituted of only such Share, Index or Fund 
Interest, as applicable. 
4. 
Adjustments, Consequences of Certain Events and Currency in respect of Indices 
4.1 
Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and/or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in respect of any Index, an Index Modification, Index 
Cancellation, Index Disruption and/or Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred or any other 
event or events occur which the Calculation Agent determines necessitate(s) an adjustment or 
adjustments to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Instalment 
Amount, the Initial Index Level of any Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term 
of the Index Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on which any amount is 
payable by the Issuer), the Issuer shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) either 
(i) redeem each Index Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Note at its Fair Market Value on such date 
as the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall notify to holders of the 
Index Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes; and (ii) make any adjustment or adjustments to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount, the Initial

--- Page 279 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 277 - 
70-40754199 
 
Index Level of any Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the Index 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable by the 
Issuer) as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
The Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, shall give notice to the holders of the Index 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes of any such adjustment or redemption (copied to the Issuer). 
5. 
Adjustments in respect of Shares 
5.1 
Adjustments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of 
(i) a Share or (ii) in relation to a Basket, one or more of the Shares in the Basket or that there has 
been an adjustment to the settlement terms of listed contracts on (i) a Share or (ii) in relation to a 
Basket, one or more of the Shares in the Basket traded on a Related Exchange, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, will (a) make the 
corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount, the Initial Index Level, Initial Share Price or Initial 
Value (as applicable) of any Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the 
Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable 
by the Issuer) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividend, stock loan rate or liquidity) and (b) determine the effective date(s) of 
the adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment to 
settlement terms made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on that 
options exchange. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such adjustment(s) and determinations to the Issuer and 
holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
5.2 
Consequences of a Merger Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event has occurred in respect of one or more 
Shares, the Issuer shall (if so instructed by the Calculation Agent) (i) redeem each Equity 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Note at its Fair Market Value as at the Merger Date on such date 
as the Issuer shall notify to holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes; and/or 
(ii) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other term or condition of 
the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
to account for the economic effect on the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes of such 
Merger Event (provided that no adjustments will be made solely to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the relevant Shares or to the 
Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by 
reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event by an options exchange to 
options on the relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and determine the effective date 
of that adjustment; and/or (iii) save in respect of a Reverse Merger, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date, deem the New Shares and/or the amount of Other Consideration, if applicable (as 
subsequently modified in accordance with any relevant terms and including the proceeds of any 
redemption, if applicable), and their issuer (if any) to be the relevant "Shares" and the relevant 
"Share Issuer", respectively, and if the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate, the Issuer 
will adjust any relevant terms of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes as the 
Calculation Agent may determine. 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice of such redemption, adjustment 
or deemed change to holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the 
Issuer).

--- Page 280 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 278 - 
70-40754199 
 
5.3 
Consequences of a Tender Offer 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Tender Offer has occurred in respect of one or more 
shares, then on or after the relevant Tender Offer Date the Issuer shall (if so instructed by the 
Calculation Agent) (i) redeem each Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Note at its Fair Market 
Value as at the Tender Offer Date on such date as the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the 
Calculation Agent) may notify to holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes; 
and/or (ii) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other term or condition 
of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes of such Tender Offer (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in 
respect of such Tender Offer by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on 
such options exchange and determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice of such redemption or adjustment 
to holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer). 
5.4 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting 
If in respect of one or more of the Shares or a Share Issuer or ETF (as applicable) the Calculation 
Agent determines that there has been a Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a Delisting, the Issuer 
shall (if so instructed by the Calculation Agent) (i) make such adjustment, if any, to any one or 
more of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Instalment 
Amount, the Initial Index Level, Initial Share Price or Initial Value (as applicable) of any 
Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer) as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for the Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the 
case may be, on the effective date of that adjustment (in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or (ii) redeem each Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Note at its Fair Market Value 
as at the date of redemption taking into account the Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting on 
such date as the Issuer shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) notify to holders 
of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, shall give notice of any redemption of the Equity 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes, determination or adjustment pursuant to this Term to 
holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer). 
5.5 
Change in currencies 
If, at any time after the Issue Date, there is any change in the currency in which any Shares are 
quoted, listed and/or dealt on the Exchange, then the Issuer will adjust such of the terms and 
conditions of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any such 
adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined 
by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this section 
will affect the currency of denomination of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes or 
any payment obligation arising out of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice of any adjustments pursuant to 
this Term to holders of the Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer). 
6. 
Adjustments in respect of Indices, Shares or Funds 
6.1 
Change of Exchange 
If an Exchange is changed, the Issuer shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) 
make such consequential modifications to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount, the Initial Index Level, Initial Share Price or Initial 
Value (as applicable) of any Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the

--- Page 281 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 279 - 
70-40754199 
 
Equity Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable 
by the Issuer) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
The Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, shall give notice of such modification(s) to holders 
of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the 
Issuer). 
6.2 
Price Correction 
In the event that any value or level published on any relevant Exchange or (in respect of indices 
only) by any relevant Index Sponsor in respect of a Share/Index and which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination made under the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange or the 
relevant Index Sponsor within three Business Days (or such other period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will determine the amount (if 
any) that is payable following that correction, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer will make 
such adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate to account for such correction. 
The Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, shall give notice of such adjustment(s) to holders 
of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the 
Issuer). 
6.3 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the currency of the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes, or, in respect of Shares only, 
the currency in which any of the Shares are quoted, listed and/or dealt in on the Exchange (whether 
relating to the convertibility of any such currency into other currencies or otherwise) which the 
Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount, the Initial Index Level, 
Initial Share Price, Initial Value or Initial Fund Value (as applicable) in respect of any Underlying, 
Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable by the 
Issuer), the Issuer shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) make such adjustment 
or adjustments to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Amount, the Initial Index Level, Initial Share Price, Initial Value or Initial Fund Value 
(as applicable) in respect of any Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the 
Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary. 
The Calculation Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, shall give notice to the holders of the Basket Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes of any such adjustment(s) 
(copied to the Issuer). 
6.4 
Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) either (i) make such adjustment, if any, 
to any one or more of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Amount, the Initial Index Level, Initial Share Price, Initial Value or Initial Fund Value 
(as applicable) in respect of any Underlying, Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the 
Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on 
which any amount is payable by the Issuer) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for such Additional Disruption Event, on the effective date of that adjustment (in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) or (ii) redeem each Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Note at its Fair Market Value as at the date of redemption taking 
into account such Additional Disruption Event on such date as the Issuer (acting on the instructions 
of the Calculation Agent) shall notify to holders of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund 
Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes.

--- Page 282 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 280 - 
70-40754199 
 
The Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall give notice of any redemption 
of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes or determination 
pursuant to this Term to holders of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer) in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
7. 
Physical Delivery 
The provisions of this Term 7 (Physical Delivery) shall apply in the following circumstances only: 
(a) 
"Equity Linked Physical Settlement" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms of an 
Equity Linked Note, and such Note matures on its Maturity Date or on an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
"Downside Only Physical Settlement" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms of an 
Equity Linked Note, and at the Final Valuation Redemption Date (i) if Barrier Condition 
is applicable, the relevant Barrier Condition is not satisfied and the Final Index Level is 
less than or equal to the Return Threshold, or (ii) if Barrier Condition is specified as not 
applicable, the Final Index Level is less than the Return Threshold, 
7.2 
Where the provisions of this Term 7 (Physical Delivery) apply: 
(a) 
Downside Only Physical Settlement 
Where the provisions of this Term 7 (Physical Settlement) apply pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b) above, the Issuer shall, no later than two Business Days following the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, notify Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) that the Notes will be physically settled in accordance with this Term 7 (Physical 
Delivery). 
(b) 
Delivery of a Share Transfer Notice 
(i) 
Each Noteholder shall, on or before the date five calendar days before the 
Maturity Date or Automatic Early Redemption Date (or such earlier date as the 
Issuer shall determine is necessary for the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the relevant 
clearing system to perform their respective obligations in relation to the Notes 
and notify to the Paying Agents and the Noteholders) send to the relevant clearing 
system, in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures, and copied 
to the Principal Paying Agent, a duly completed Transfer Notice. 
(ii) 
A Transfer Notice, once delivered to the relevant clearing system, shall be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. 
A Noteholder may not transfer any Note which is the subject of a Transfer Notice 
following delivery of such Transfer Notice to the relevant clearing system. A 
Transfer Notice shall only be valid to the extent that the relevant clearing system 
has not received conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Notes which are 
the subject of the Transfer Notice. 
(iii) 
If a Noteholder does not provide the Transfer Notice in a timely manner to enable 
the Issuer and/or the clearing system, if applicable, to effect any required delivery, 
the Settlement Date shall be postponed accordingly. The Issuer and the relevant 
clearing system, if applicable, shall determine whether any instructions received 
by it are sufficient and whether they have been received in time to enable delivery 
on any given date. As used herein, "delivery" means the carrying out of the steps 
required of the Issuer (or such person as it may procure to make the relevant 
delivery) in order to effect the transfer of the relevant Share Transfer Amount and 
"deliver" shall be construed accordingly. The Issuer shall not be responsible for 
any delay or failure in the transfer of any Share Transfer Amount once such steps 
have been carried out, whether resulting from settlement periods of clearing 
systems, acts or omissions of registrars or otherwise and shall have no 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition or transfer of the Share 
Transfer Amount any interest therein by any Noteholder or any other person.

--- Page 283 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 281 - 
70-40754199 
 
(iv) 
The Principal Paying Agent shall promptly on the local banking day following 
receipt of a Transfer Notice send a copy thereof to the Issuer or such person as 
the Issuer may previously have specified. 
(c) 
Delivery of the Share Transfer Amount 
(i) 
The Issuer shall discharge its obligation to redeem the Notes at the Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 6.1(a)(i) (Final Redemption) 
or the Automatic Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Additional Term 
8 (Automatic Early Redemption) (as applicable) by delivering, or procuring the 
delivery of, the Share Transfer Amount on the Settlement Date, provided that no 
fraction of a Share shall be delivered and Noteholders will be entitled to receive 
a Cash Residual Amount on the Settlement Date in lieu of such fraction. 
(d) 
Each Noteholder shall be required as a condition of its entitlement to delivery of Shares to 
pay all Transfer Expenses. 
(e) 
After delivery to or for the account of a Noteholder of the relevant Share Transfer Amount 
and for such period of time as the transferor or its agent or nominee shall continue to be 
registered in any clearing system as the owner of the Shares comprised in such Share 
Transfer Amount (the "Intervening Period"), none of such transferor or any agent or 
nominee for the Issuer or such transferor shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to 
such Noteholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or such transferor, agent 
or nominee in its capacity as holder of such Shares, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise 
any rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Shares during the Intervening Period, 
or (iii) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any other person in respect of any loss 
or damage which the Noteholder or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or such transferor, agent or nominee being 
registered in such clearing system during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such 
Shares. 
(f) 
All dividends on Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive 
such dividends according to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the 
Notional Sale Date to be delivered in the same manner as such Shares. Any such dividends 
will be paid to or for credit to the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant 
Transfer Notice. No right to dividends on the Shares will accrue to Noteholders prior to 
the Notional Sale Date. 
7.3 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Settlement Disruption 
Event has occurred in respect of the Share Transfer Amount (or any portion thereof) (such Shares, 
the "Affected Assets"), it shall notify the Issuer (who shall promptly notify the relevant 
Noteholder(s) of such Settlement Disruption Event), and the Settlement Date in respect of the 
Affected Assets shall be postponed to the first following Business Day on which no Settlement 
Disruption Event is subsisting, provided that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall attempt to deliver any portion of the Share Transfer Amount which does 
not comprise Affected Assets on the original Settlement Date; 
(b) 
the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Notes by delivering 
some or all of the Affected Assets in such manner as it may determine and in such event 
the relevant Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Share Transfer Amount in such other commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
(c) 
in respect of any Affected Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any 
other provision hereof, the Issuer may, on written notice to the Noteholders, elect to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the Notes by payment to the relevant Noteholder of its pro rata 
amount of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the Disruption Cash Settlement Date.

--- Page 284 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 282 - 
70-40754199 
 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to any additional amount in the event of any delay in the delivery 
of the Share Transfer Amount or payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price due to the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event. 
In respect of this Term 7 (Physical Delivery): 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Date" means the fifth Business Day following the date of the notice 
of the relevant election to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant notice. 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" means, in respect of the Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal the market value of such Notes (which shall take into account, where some but not 
all of the Shares comprising the Share Transfer Amount have been duly delivered pursuant to Term 
7.2, the value of such Shares) less any costs, expenses, fees, or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates in respect of amending or liquidating any financial instruments or transactions 
entered into in connection with the Notes (all as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Exchange Rate" means the prevailing exchange rate at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Valuation Date expressed as the number of units of the Share Currency equivalent to one unit of 
the Settlement Currency. 
"Physical Settlement Barrier" shall mean n per cent. of the Initial Share Price or Initial Value, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in respect of Kick Out Notes without Capital 
at Risk, Upside Notes without Capital at Risk and Range Accrual (Income) Notes without Capital 
at Risk such percentage shall not be less than 100 per cent. 
"Residual Amount" means, in relation to a Noteholder, the fraction of a Share rounded down 
pursuant to Term 7.2, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in relation to a Noteholder and a Residual Amount, a cash 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined on the basis of the Final Share Price of the relevant 
Share (if applicable converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate), and if more 
than one Residual Amount exists in relation to such Noteholder, shall mean the sum of the Residual 
Cash Amounts calculated in relation to each such Residual Amount. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share or a Basket of Shares, the period of Clearing 
System Business Days following a trade in the relevant Share or each Share comprising the Basket, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of the Shares comprising a 
Basket, the longest such period). 
"Settlement Disruption Event" in relation to a Share means an event which the Calculation Agent, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, determines to be beyond the control of the Issuer or relevant 
obligor and to be an event as a result of which the relevant clearing system cannot clear the transfer 
of such Share. 
"Settlement Date" means the later of (i) the Maturity Date or Automatic Early Redemption Date 
(as applicable) and (ii) the date that falls one Settlement Cycle after the Exchange Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date, Final Averaging End Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Averaging Date, as applicable (the "Notional Sale Date") (or if such day is not a Clearing System 
Business Day, the next following Clearing System Business Day), or if a Settlement Disruption 
Event prevents delivery of such Shares on such day, then the Settlement Date shall be determined 
in accordance with Term 7.2. 
"Share Transfer Amount" means 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Linked Note linked to a single Share, the number of such Shares 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or if no such number is so specified, the number of 
such Shares calculated by the Calculation Agent as equal to the fraction of which the 
numerator is the Calculation Amount and the denominator is the Initial Share Price (if 
applicable, converted to the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate); and

--- Page 285 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 283 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
in respect of an Equity Linked Note linked to a Basket of Shares, the aggregate of the 
amounts calculated in relation to each Share comprising the Basket, each such amount 
calculated as the product of (i) a fraction of which the numerator is the Calculation Amount 
and the denominator is the Initial Share Price in respect of the relevant share (if applicable, 
converted to the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate), and (ii) the weighting in 
respect of such Share, provided that in respect of a Note to which "Worst of Provisions" 
are specified as applicable in relation to the determination of Final Value, the relevant 
weighting of the Worst Performing Share shall be 100 per cent. and in respect of all other 
Shares shall be zero, and in respect of a Note to which "Best of Provisions" are specified 
as applicable, the relevant weighting of the Best Performing Share shall be 100 per cent. 
and in respect of all other Shares shall be zero. 
"Transfer Notice" means, for the purposes of Equity-Linked Notes only, a notice in the form from 
time to time approved by the Issuer, which must: 
(a) 
specify the name and address of the Noteholder; 
(b) 
specify the Series Number and ISIN of the Equity Linked Notes and the number of Equity 
Linked Notes which are the subject of such notice, or in the case of Equity Linked Notes 
represented by a Global Note, specify the principal amount of Equity Linked Notes which 
are the subject of such notice; 
(c) 
specify the number of the Noteholder's account at the relevant clearing system to be 
debited with such Notes; 
(d) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant clearing system, (A) to debit from the 
Noteholder's account such Notes on the Settlement Date, if the Issuer elects (or has elected) 
the Physical Delivery provisions being applicable or otherwise on the Maturity Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Date and (B) that no further transfers of the Notes specified 
in the Transfer Notice may be made; 
(e) 
contain a representation and warranty from the Noteholder to the effect that the Notes to 
which the Transfer Notice relates are free from all liens, charges, encumbrances and other 
third party rights; 
(f) 
specify the number and account name of the account at the relevant clearing system to be 
credited with the Shares if the Issuer elects (or has elected) the Physical Delivery 
provisions being applicable; 
(g) 
contain an irrevocable undertaking to pay the Transfer Expenses (if any) and an 
irrevocable instruction to the relevant clearing system to debit on or after the Settlement 
Date the cash or other account of the Noteholder with the relevant clearing system 
specified in the Transfer Notice with such Transfer Expenses; 
(h) 
include a certificate of non-US beneficial ownership in the form required by the Issuer; 
and 
(i) 
authorise the production of the Transfer Notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
"Transfer Expenses" means any expenses arising from the delivery and/or transfer of the Shares 
to a Noteholder. 
8. 
Adjustments in respect of Funds 
8.1 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Issuer 
(acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) may take the action described below in Term 
8.1(a), (b) or (c) provided that, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund 
Event has occurred or is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date in accordance with Term

--- Page 286 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 284 - 
70-40754199 
 
8.2, the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall determine that the action 
to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is "Termination". 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) determines that the action 
to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", then the 
Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate 
adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Interest and/or any of the 
other terms of the Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date 
of such adjustment. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) determines that the action 
in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Substitution", the Calculation Agent 
shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can 
redeem the Fund Interests in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably 
practicable following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in 
full submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute 
the Fund Interests with shares, units or other similar interests in an alternative 
fund which, in the sole and absolute determination of the Calculation Agent, has 
similar characteristics to the relevant Fund, including, but not limited to, 
comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment 
processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking such 
index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require the Calculation Agent 
to make such determinations and/or adjustments to the Fund Linked/Multi 
Underlying Linked Notes and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be 
appropriate to take account of such Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) that the action 
to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Termination", the Issuer 
shall redeem each Equity Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Note at its Fair 
Market Value as at the date of redemption taking into account such Extraordinary Fund 
Event date as the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall notify 
to holders of the Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is capable of triggering more 
than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Calculation Agent may determine which 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, 
from the Issue Date, of any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event 
or set of circumstances occurs more than once.

--- Page 287 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 285 - 
70-40754199 
 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice of any redemption of the 
Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes, determination or adjustment pursuant to this 
Term to holders of the Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer). 
8.2 
Maturity Date/Automatic Early Redemption Date/Early Redemption Extension 
If on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally designated Maturity Date,  
Automatic Early Redemption Date or any date designated by the Calculation Agent as a date on 
which the Issuer shall redeem the Notes, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, after 
having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Interests in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full 
in respect of such Fund Interests (the "Redemption Proceeds") (or, in the case of a Hypothetical 
Investor, been deemed to have received the Redemption Proceeds), the Calculation Agent may, on 
giving notice to the holders of the relevant series of Notes (with a copy to the Issuer) stating that 
the Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or other date designated by the Calculation 
Agent as a date on which the Issuer shall redeem the Notes shall be extended, postpone the Maturity 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or early redemption of Notes, as the case may be. 
On the date falling not more than 10 Business Days following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the 
Redemption Proceeds (or, in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the deemed receipt of the 
Redemption Proceeds) the Calculation Agent shall redeem the Fund Linked/Multi Underlying 
Linked Notes (such date, the "Postponed Settlement Date") by payment to each Holder of the 
Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Fair Market Value, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds 
within the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing on the 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and the provisions of Term 8.1(c) (Termination) shall apply. 
9. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
has occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately 
following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and (except to the extent that Term 
7 (Physical Delivery) is applicable), the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such 
date upon redemption of each Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked 
Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice of any redemption of the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes or determination pursuant to 
this Term to holders of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes (copied to the Issuer). 
10. 
Early Redemption Amount on Early Redemption of Notes 
If all and not some only of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes are redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to their terms and conditions prior to their scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Note at its Fair Market Value as at the date of 
redemption of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes on 
such date as the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall notify to holders 
of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice of any redemption of the Equity 
Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes or determination pursuant to 
this Term to holders of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked 
Notes (copied to the Issuer).

--- Page 288 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 286 - 
70-40754199 
 
11. 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent shall make all determinations required of it pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Equity Linked/Index Linked/Fund Linked/Multi Underlying Linked Notes in 
good faith and acting in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 289 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 287 - 
70-40754199 
 
PART B – INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
Inflation Linked Notes issued under the Programme may have a redemption amount and/or interest 
payments which are linked to an inflation linked index (the "Inflation Index") over a defined period in 
accordance with the provisions set out below. 
The terms and conditions of Inflation Linked Notes may include one or any of the provisions set out below 
(or any combination thereof), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
Inflation Linked Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Inflation Linked Notes without Capital at Risk 
Inflation Linked Notes without capital at risk are Inflation Linked Notes that: 
(a) 
may, if "Underlying Linked Interest" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, bear interest at a fixed rate that is adjusted to take account of the change in the 
level of the Inflation Index between (i) a specified month prior to the Issue date of the 
Notes, and (ii) a specified month (the "Reference Month") prior to each relevant interest 
payment date; and 
(b) 
have a Final Redemption Amount that is adjusted to take account of the change in the level 
of the Inflation Index between (i) a specified month prior to the issue date of the Notes, 
and (ii) a specified month prior to the maturity date of the Notes, with the Final 
Redemption Amount being subject to a Minimum Return at least equal to par. 
The Notes may (in addition to or instead of the underlying linked interest described above) bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for Rate of Interest and Final Redemption Amounts relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
Interest Amount 
If "Underlying Linked Interest" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, interest 
determined in accordance with the below will be payable in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes 
without Capital at Risk. 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply 
save that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܨ݅ݔ݁݀ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ ൈ ሺܥݑݎݎ݁݊ݐ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ሻ 
Where: 
"Fixed Rate of Interest" has the meaning given to in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Inflation Level" or "IIL" means the Initial Inflation Level as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if a Reference Month is specified for the Initial Inflation Level, the level of the 
Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of that Reference Month; 
"Current Inflation Level" in respect of an Interest Payment Date the level of Inflation Index 
determined in respect of the Reference Month specified in the Final Terms for such Interest 
Payment Date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of the Note

--- Page 290 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 288 - 
70-40754199 
 
on its Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 













IIL
IIL
FIL
Return,
Minimum
Max
100%
on
Denominati
Specified
 
Where: 
"Final Inflation Level" or "FIL" means the level of Inflation Index determined in respect of the 
Reference Month relating to the Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Minimum Return" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, if applicable. 
(please note that if a Minimum Return is specified as being Not Applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Return shall be zero) 
2. 
Inflation (Interest Only) Linked Notes without Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Inflation (Interest Only) Linked Notes without capital at risk 
Inflation (Interest Only) Linked Notes without capital at risk are Inflation Linked Notes that: 
(a) 
pay an amount of interest determined by the change in the level of the Inflation Index 
between (i) a specified month prior to the previous Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first interest payment date, a specified month prior to the issue date of the Notes, 
and (ii) a specified month (the "Reference Month") prior to each relevant Interest 
Payment Date. Such interest payments may further include an additional fixed amount of 
interest ("Margin") and may be subject to a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest; and 
(b) 
pay a Final Redemption Amount equal to par (regardless of the performance of the 
Inflation Index). 
The Notes may also bear interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 
(Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for Rate of Interest and Final Redemption Amounts relating to Inflation (Interest 
Only) Linked Notes 
Interest Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply 
save that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 














Margin
PIL
PIL
CIL
  
Interest,
of
Rate
Maximum
Min
Interest,
of
Rate
Minimum
Max
 
(provided that, if Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero and/or the Maximum 
Rate of Interest shall be unlimited). 
Where: 
"Current Inflation Level" or "CIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
the Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 291 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 289 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Initial Inflation Level" or "IIL" means the Initial Inflation Level as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if a Reference Month is specified for the Initial Inflation Level, the level of the 
Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of that Reference Month; 
"Margin" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Previous Inflation Level" or "PIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month specified 
in the Final Terms applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, or in relation 
to the first Interest Payment Date, the Initial Inflation Level. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of the Note 
on its Maturity Date will be an amount equal to: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ 100 ݌݁ݎ ܿ݁݊ݐ. 
3. 
Inflation Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Inflation Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
Inflation Linked Notes with Capital at Risk are Inflation Linked Notes that: 
(a) 
may, if "Underlying Linked Interest" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, bear interest at a fixed rate that is adjusted to take account of the change in the 
level of the Inflation Index between (i) a specified month prior to the Issue date of the 
Notes, and (ii) a specified month (the "Reference Month") prior to each relevant interest 
payment date; and 
(b) 
have a Final Redemption Amount that is adjusted to take account of the change in the level 
of the Inflation Index between (i) a specified month prior to the issue date of the Notes, 
and (ii) a specified month prior to the maturity date of the Notes. 
The Notes may (in addition to or instead of the underlying linked interest described above) bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for Rate of Interest and Final Redemption Amounts relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
with Capital at Risk 
Interest Amount 
If "Underlying Linked Interest" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, interest 
determined in accordance with the below will be payable in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes 
with Capital at Risk. 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply 
save that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܨ݅ݔ݁݀ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ ൈ ሺܥݑݎݎ݁݊ݐ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ሻ 
Where: 
"Current Inflation Level" or "CIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
the Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 292 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 290 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Fixed Rate of Interest" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Inflation Level" or "IIL" means the Initial Inflation Level as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if a Reference Month is specified for the Initial Inflation Level, the level of the 
Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of that Reference Month; 
Instalment Redemption Amount 
If the Final Terms specify that the Instalment Amount is Inflation Linked, the Instalment Amount 
in respect of an Instalment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Instalment Reduction × (Instalment Inflation Level / Initial Inflation Level) 
Where: 
"Instalment Inflation Level" in respect of an Instalment Date, the level of Inflation Index 
determined in respect of the Reference Month specified in the Final Terms for the corresponding 
Instalment Date. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of the Note 
on its Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ൈ ሺܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ሻ 
"Final Inflation Level" or "FIL" means the level of Inflation Index determined in respect of the 
Reference Month relating to the Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 293 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 291 - 
70-40754199 
 
TERMS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
If the Notes are identified as "Inflation Linked Notes" in the Final Terms, the Conditions applicable to the 
Notes shall be supplemented by the following Terms for the Inflation Linked Notes. The Conditions apply 
to all Inflation Linked Notes and, in the event of any inconsistency between any of these Terms and the 
Conditions, or any statement in or incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, these Terms will 
prevail for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between any of 
these Terms or any statement in or incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and the Final Terms 
in relation to the Inflation Linked Notes, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Terms, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority 
or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligation in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes or it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the 
Inflation Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any solvency or capital requirements or any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) in maintaining the 
Inflation Linked Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge 
positions of the Inflation Linked Notes; 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date; 
"Delayed Inflation Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the 
relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of the relevant Inflation Index (the 
"Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date; 
"Determination Date" means any date on which the Calculation Agent is required to determine 
the level of the Inflation Index; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government 
of the country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date 
which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity 
Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before 
the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the 
Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the 
Calculation Agent will select an inflation Linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays 
a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from 
those inflation Linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one 
inflation Linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the 
Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will 
select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the

--- Page 294 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 292 - 
70-40754199 
 
time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged); 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the 
currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Inflation 
Linked Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Inflation Linked Notes; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Inflation Linked 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Inflation Index Cancellation" means a level for the relevant Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two consecutive months and/or the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor 
cancels the Inflation Index and/or the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no Successor Inflation Index exists; 
"Inflation Index Modification" means the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating the relevant Inflation Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation 
Index; 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the Inflation Linked 
Notes is the index sponsor; 
"Inflation Index" means an index specified in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor 
Inflation Index thereto; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Rebased Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it under Term 4 (Adjustments); 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the relevant Inflation Index 
was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for 
which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall 
be the period for which the Relevant Level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the Related 
Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond 
determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond 
in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, 
unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination; 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever

--- Page 295 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 293 - 
70-40754199 
 
reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity; 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Inflation Index Level 
Event; 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in under Term 3 (Successor Inflation 
Index); and 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Inflation Index Level Event, 
the index level determined by the Issuer in accordance with Term 2 (Delay in Publication). 
2. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Inflation Index Level Event in respect of an 
Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level with 
respect to any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer with respect to such Determination Date (the 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to 
Term 4.2 (Substitute Inflation) below), as follows: 
2.1 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
2.2 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under Term 2.1 above, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
ሾܵݑܾݏݐ݅ݐݑݐ݁ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܫ݊݀݁ݔ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ ൌ ܤܽݏ݁ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ ݔ ሺܮܽݐ݁ݏݐ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁/ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ሻሿ; or 
2.3 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 
12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being 
determined. 
"Latest Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of 
which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the relevant Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to holders of the Inflation Linked Notes (the "Inflation 
Linked Noteholders") in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of any Substitute Inflation Index 
Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. 
The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Term 2 (Delay in Publication) 
will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
3. 
Successor Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and 
announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the relevant

--- Page 296 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 294 - 
70-40754199 
 
Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the 
Inflation Index and/or the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index and/or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Inflation Index, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of 
any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes as 
follows: 
3.1 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond (provided that no 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred and is continuing in relation to such Inflation Index); 
3.2 
if (x) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or (y) a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, and the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
announce the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index 
specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement Inflation Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Inflation Index (and no 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred and is continuing in relation to such replacement 
Inflation Index), such replacement Inflation Index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation 
Index"; 
3.3 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (x) or (y) the Calculation Agent shall ask 
five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should 
be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, three or 
more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index"; if fewer than 
three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date the Calculation Agent will determine an 
appropriate alternative index for such affected payment date, and such index will be deemed a 
"Successor Inflation Index" (provided that if any Successor Inflation Index that would otherwise 
be determined pursuant to this Term 3.3 in relation to which an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
has occurred and is continuing shall not be a Successor Inflation Index); or 
3.4 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Inflation Index and an Inflation Index Cancellation will be deemed to 
have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Inflation 
Linked Notes. Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective date of the 
Successor Inflation Index or the occurrence of an Inflation Index Cancellation will be given to 
Inflation Linked Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
4. 
Adjustments 
4.1 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Term 3 (Successor Inflation Index), 
the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount 
payable under the Inflation Linked Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Inflation Linked 
Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the Inflation 
Linked Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
4.2 
Substitute Inflation Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Term 2 
(Delay in Publication), the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to 
(x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with Term 2 (Delay in 
Publication) and/or (y) any amount payable under the Inflation Linked Notes and/or any other

--- Page 297 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 295 - 
70-40754199 
 
relevant term of the Inflation Linked Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Inflation Linked Noteholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
4.3 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by 
the Inflation Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, 
subject to Term 4.5(B) (Rebasing) below, later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-
Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index (HCPI), revisions to the 
Relevant Level which are published or announced up to and including the day that is two 
Business Days prior to any relevant Determination Date will be valid and the revised 
Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and 
conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Inflation Linked Noteholders of any valid revision in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of 
which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor 
has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may 
make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Inflation Linked Notes and/or any 
other relevant term of the Inflation Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Inflation Linked 
Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect 
of a Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was 
determined, the Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall 
not be used in any calculation or determination under the Inflation Linked Notes and that 
the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level 
for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) request the Issuer to make any adjustment to any 
amount payable under the Inflation Linked Notes and/or any other relevant term of the 
Inflation Linked Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or 
publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as 
a result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Inflation 
Linked Noteholders of any determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any 
adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
4.4 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency 
(whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation 
Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to any amount payable under the 
Inflation Linked Notes, and/or any other relevant term of the Inflation Linked Notes (including the 
date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Issuer may make such adjustment or 
adjustments to such amount and/or any other relevant term of the Inflation Linked Notes as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Inflation 
Linked Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
4.5 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, 
the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Inflation Index") will be used for purposes of

--- Page 298 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 296 - 
70-40754199 
 
determining the Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the 
Calculation Agent may make: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments 
as are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels 
of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or 
(b) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to 
the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased and in each case the 
Issuer may make any adjustment(s) to any amount payable under the Inflation Linked 
Notes and/or any other term of the Inflation Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent may 
deem necessary. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (a) nor (b) above would produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem each Inflation Linked Note on a date notified 
by the Issuer to Inflation Linked Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) at its Fair 
Market Value as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the rebasing. Notice of 
any adjustment, redemption of the Inflation Linked Notes or determination pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be given to Inflation Linked Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
4.6 
Inflation Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Inflation Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent 
may (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, make 
any adjustments to the Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term 
of the Inflation Linked Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under 
the Inflation Linked Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as 
the Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred make 
only those adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other 
term of the Inflation Linked Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable 
under the Inflation Linked Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the 
modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index and to account for the economic 
effect of the Inflation Index Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index Modification has occurred at 
any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent may determine either (i) to ignore such Inflation Index Modification for the 
purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to such Determination Date, in which case the relevant Inflation Index Modification will 
be deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Determination 
Date such that the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above will apply, or, (ii) 
notwithstanding that the Inflation Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off 
Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) above. 
4.7 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem each Inflation Linked Note on 
the date notified by the Issuer to Inflation Linked Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) at its Fair Market Value taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. Notice of any redemption of the 
Inflation Linked Notes shall be given to Inflation Linked Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices).

--- Page 299 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 297 - 
70-40754199 
 
4.8 
Inflation Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer 
may redeem each Inflation Linked Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Inflation Linked 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) at its Fair Market Value taking into account 
the Inflation Index Cancellation. Notice of any redemption of the Inflation Linked Notes pursuant 
to this paragraph shall be given to Inflation Linked Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices).

--- Page 300 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 298 - 
70-40754199 
 
PART C – COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
For ease of reference the redemption provisions set out below assume that the "Risk Underlying" is a single 
Share. However, the redemption provisions apply equally where the Risk Underlying is specified to be a 
single Index, a Basket of Indices or a Basket of Shares in the same manner as where the Risk Underlying 
is a single Share. Consequently, in these redemption provisions, where applicable, references to "Share" 
shall be construed as references to "Index", "Fund Interest", "Basket of Shares", "Basket of Indices", or 
"Basket of Fund Interests" references to "Price" shall be construed as references to "Level" in respect of 
a single Index or a Basket of Indices, "Value" in respect of a Basket of Shares and "Fund Value" in respect 
of a single Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests, references to "Initial Share Price" shall be 
construed as references to "Initial Value" in respect of a Basket of Shares, "Initial Index Level" in respect 
of a single Index or a Basket of Indices and "Initial Fund Value" in respect of a single Fund Interest or a 
Basket of Fund Interests and references to "Final Share Price" shall be construed as references to "Final 
Value" in respect of a Basket of Shares, "Final Index Level" in respect of a single Index or a Basket of 
Indices and "Final Fund Value" in respect of a single Fund Interest or a Basket of Fund Interests. 
The terms and conditions of Combined Underlying Linked Notes shall include the provisions set out below. 
1. 
Combined Underlying Linked Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further Information relating to Combined Underlying Linked Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Combined Underlying Linked Upside Notes with Capital at Risk are Combined Underlying Linked 
Notes that: 
(a) 
may, 
(i) 
if "Adjusted Fixed/Floating" is specified, pay an amount of interest determined 
by reference to a fixed or floating rate of interest adjusted to take account of the 
change in the level of the Return Underlying between (i) a specified month prior 
to the issue date of the Notes, and (ii) a specified month (the "Reference Month") 
prior to each relevant interest payment date; or 
(ii) 
if "Spread Interest" is specified, pay an amount of interest determined by the 
change in the level of the Underlying between (i) a specified month prior to the 
previous interest payment date or, in the case of the first interest payment date, a 
specified month prior to the issue date of the Notes, and (ii) a specified month 
(the "Reference Month") prior to each relevant interest payment date (which 
change may be subject to gearing). Such interest payments may further include 
an additional fixed amount of interest ("Spread") and may be subject to a 
minimum rate of interest and/or a maximum rate of interest; and 
(b) 
have a Final Redemption Amount that is adjusted to take account of (A) any positive 
performance of the Return Underlying between (i) a specified month prior to the issue date 
of the Notes, and (ii) a specified month prior to the maturity date of the Notes and (B) any 
downside performance of the Risk Underlying. 
The Notes may (in addition to or instead of the underlying linked interest described above) bear 
interest at a fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for Rate of Interest and Final Redemption Amounts relating to Combined Underlying 
Linked Upside Notes with Capital at Risk 
Interest Amount 
Interest determined in accordance with the below will be payable in respect of the Combined 
Underlying Linked Upside Notes with Capital at Risk on each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 301 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 299 - 
70-40754199 
 
(a) 
if "Adjusted Fixed/Floating" is specified: 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) 
shall apply save that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ ൈ ܯܽݔ ሺ0, ሾܥݑݎݎ݁݊ݐ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ሿሻ 
(b) 
if "Spread Interest" is specified: 
ܯܣܺቈܯ݅݊݅݉ݑ݉ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ, ܯ݅݊൤ܯܽݔ݅݉ݑ݉ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ൈ൬ܥܫܮെܲܫܮ
ܲܫܮ
൰൅ܵ݌ݎ݁ܽ݀൨቉ 
(provided that, if Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero and/or the Maximum 
Rate of Interest shall be unlimited). 
Where: 
"Current Inflation Level" or "CIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
the Return Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Interest Payment Date; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Inflation Level" means the Initial Inflation Level as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the Return Underlying, or if a Reference Month is specified for the Initial 
Inflation Level, the level of the Return Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent in respect 
of that Reference Month; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Previous Inflation Level" or "PIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month specified 
in the Final Terms applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, or in relation 
to the first Interest Payment Date, the Initial Inflation Level; 
"Return Underlying" means the Inflation Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Rate of Interest" means the Fixed Rate of Interest or Floating Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Spread" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of the Note 
on its Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
if the Final Inflation Level is (i) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or 
equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is specified, greater than, the Return Threshold 
and either (i) the Barrier Condition is satisfied or (ii) if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied 
(or no Barrier Condition is specified), the Final Risk Price is (i) where no Barrier 
Condition is specified, greater than or equal to, and (ii) where a Barrier Condition is 
specified, greater than, the Risk Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ൈ ሾ100% ൅ ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ െ 1ሻሿ

--- Page 302 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 300 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
where a Barrier Condition is specified, if (X) the Final Inflation Level is less than or equal 
to the Return Threshold and (Y) the Barrier Condition is satisfied or, the Barrier Condition 
is not satisfied but Final Risk Price is greater than the Risk Threshold: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ൈ 100 ݌݁ݎ ܿ݁݊ݐ 
(c) 
if the Final Inflation Level is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified greater than, or 
(Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, greater than or equal, the Return Threshold 
and (i) the Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied and (ii) the Final Risk Price is (A) 
where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is 
specified, less than or equal to, the Risk Threshold: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൤ሾ100% ൅ ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ 
െ1ሻሿ
൅ܯ݅݊൜0, ܯܽݔ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 3 ݔ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁െܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨ 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൤ሾ100% ൅ ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ / ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ 
െ1ሻሿ
൅ܯ݅݊൜0, ܯܽݔ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 3 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 3 ݔ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁െ ܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁൰, െ100%൰ൠ൨ 
(d) 
if the Final Inflation Level is (X) where a Barrier Condition is specified less than or equal 
to, or (Y) where no Barrier Condition is specified, less than, the Return Threshold and (i) 
the Barrier Condition (if any) is not satisfied and (ii) the Final Risk Price is (A) where no 
Barrier Condition is specified, less than, and (B) where a Barrier Condition is specified, 
less than or equal to, the Risk Threshold, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൤100%
൅ܯ݅݊ ൜0, ܯܽݔ ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 3 ݔ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁െܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰, െ 100%൰ൠ൨ 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൤100% 
൅ܯ݅݊ ൜0, ܯܽݔ ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൬ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ – ܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁൰, െ 100%൰ൠ൨ 
(provided that, if any of Gearing 1, Gearing 2, or Gearing 3 are specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, Gearing 1, Gearing 2 and/or Gearing 3 (as applicable) shall 
be 100 per cent.). 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means in relation to the Risk Underlying: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation Date, 
or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the

--- Page 303 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 301 - 
70-40754199 
 
prices of the Risk Underlying on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which case the price shall 
be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Final Inflation Level" means the level of Inflation Index determined in respect of the Reference 
Month relating to the Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Risk Price" means the Final Share Price for the Risk Underlying; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Risk Price" means the Initial Share Price for the Risk Underlying; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Return Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Inflation Level as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Risk Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Risk Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Risk Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 304 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 302 - 
70-40754199 
 
2. 
Combined Underlying (Inflation Interest and Equity/Index/Fund Downside) Linked Notes 
with Capital at Risk 
A. 
Further 
Information 
relating 
to 
Combined 
Underlying 
(Inflation 
Interest 
and 
Equity/Index/Fund Downside) Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
Combined Underlying (Inflation Interest and Equity/Index/Fund Downside) Linked Notes with 
Capital at Risk that: 
(a) 
may, 
(i) 
if "Adjusted Fixed/Floating" is specified, pay an amount of interest determined 
by reference to a fixed or floating rate of interest adjusted to take account of the 
change in the level of the Return Underlying between (i) a specified month prior 
to the issue date of the Notes, and (ii) a specified month (the "Reference Month") 
prior to each relevant interest payment date; or 
(ii) 
if "Spread Interest" is specified, pay an amount of interest determined by the 
change in the level of the Underlying between (i) a specified month prior to the 
previous interest payment date or, in the case of the first interest payment date, a 
specified month prior to the issue date of the Notes, and (ii) a specified month 
(the "Reference Month") prior to each relevant interest payment date (which 
change may be subject to gearing). Such interest payments may further include 
an additional fixed amount of interest ("Spread") and may be subject to a 
minimum rate of interest and/or a maximum rate of interest; and 
(b) 
have a Final Redemption Amount that is adjusted to take account of any downside 
performance of the Risk Underlying. 
The Notes may (in addition to the underlying linked interest described above) bear interest at a 
fixed or floating rate in accordance with Condition 7 (Interest). 
B. 
Formulae for Rate of Interest and Final Redemption Amounts relating to Combined Underlying 
(Inflation Interest and Equity/Index/Fund Downside) Linked Notes with Capital at Risk 
Interest Amount 
Interest determined in accordance with the below will be payable in respect of the Combined 
Underlying (Inflation Interest and Equity/Index/Fund Downside) Linked Notes with Capital at 
Risk on each Interest Payment Date. 
(a) 
if "Adjusted Fixed/Floating" is specified: 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 7.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) 
shall apply save that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ ൈ ܯܽݔ ሺ0, ሾܥݑݎݎ݁݊ݐ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ 
/ ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܫ݂݈݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ሿሻ 
(b) 
if "Spread Interest" is specified: 
ܯܣܺቈܯ݅݊݅݉ݑ݉ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ, ܯ݅݊൤ܯܽݔ݅݉ݑ݉ ܴܽݐ݁ ݋݂ ܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 1 ൈ൬ܥܫܮെܲܫܮ
ܲܫܮ
൰൅ܵ݌ݎ݁ܽ݀൨቉ 
(provided that, if Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero and/or the Maximum 
Rate of Interest shall be unlimited).

--- Page 305 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 303 - 
70-40754199 
 
Where: 
"Current Inflation Level" or "CIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
the Return Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Interest Payment Date; 
"Gearing 1", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Inflation Level" means the Initial Inflation Level as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the Return Underlying, or if a Reference Month is specified for the Initial 
Inflation Level, the level of the Return Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent in respect 
of that Reference Month; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Previous Inflation Level" or "PIL" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the level of 
Inflation Index determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Reference Month specified 
in the Final Terms applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, or in relation 
to the first Interest Payment Date, the Initial Inflation Level; 
"Return Underlying" means the Inflation Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Rate of Interest" means the Fixed Rate of Interest or Floating Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Spread" means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the Terms, Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer in respect of the Note 
on its Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
if (X) the Final Risk Price is greater than or equal to the Risk Threshold or (Y) where a 
Barrier Condition is specified, the Barrier Condition is satisfied: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ൈ 100 ݌݁ݎ ܿ݁݊ݐ. 
(a) 
if (X) the Final Risk Price is less than the Risk Threshold, and (Y) where a Barrier 
Condition is specified, the Barrier Condition is not satisfied, either: 
(i) 
if Downside Return 1 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൤100%
൅ܯ݅݊ ൜0, ܯܽݔ ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൬ܨ݈݅݊ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁െܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
൰, െ 100%൰ൠ൨ 
OR 
(ii) 
if Downside Return 2 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
ܵ݌݂݁ܿ݅݅݁݀ ܦ݁݊݋݉݅݊ܽݐ݅݋݊ ݔ ൤100%
൅ܯ݅݊ ൜0, ܯܽݔ ൬ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ሺܮ݋ݓ݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁
െܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ሻ, ܩ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ 2 ݔ ൬ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽ ܴ݅ݏ݇ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ – ܷ݌݌݁ݎ ܵݐݎ݅݇݁൰, െ 100%൰ൠ൨ 
(provided that, if any of Gearing 1 or Gearing 2 are specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms Gearing 1 or Gearing 2 (as applicable) shall be 
100 per cent.)

--- Page 306 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 304 - 
70-40754199 
 
Where: 
"Barrier Condition" means in relation to the Risk Underlying: 
(a) 
if "European" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on the Barrier Valuation Date, 
or if Barrier Averaging is specified as being applicable, that the arithmetic average of the 
prices of the Risk Underlying on each Barrier Averaging Date is greater than or equal to 
the Barrier Threshold; 
(b) 
if "American" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold during the Barrier Observation 
Period; and 
(c) 
if "Bermudan" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the price of the Risk 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Barrier Threshold on each and every Barrier 
Observation Date, 
where the price shall be determined as at the Valuation Time on the relevant date unless Constant 
Monitoring is specified as being applicable in respect of the Barrier, in which case the price shall 
be monitored at all times on such date(s); 
"Downside Return 1", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Downside Return 2", if applicable, means a return determined in accordance with the provisions 
above; 
"Final Risk Price" means the Final Share Price for the Risk Underlying; 
"Gearing 2", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Risk Price" means the Initial Share Price for the Risk Underlying; 
"Lower Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Risk Threshold" means n per cent. of the Initial Risk Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Risk Underlying" means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upper Strike", if applicable, means n per cent., as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 307 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 305 - 
70-40754199 
 
TERMS FOR COMBINED UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
If the Notes are identified as a "Combined Underlying Linked Notes" in the Final Terms, the Conditions 
applicable to the Notes shall be supplemented by the following Terms for the Combined Underlying Linked 
Notes. The Conditions apply to all Combined Underlying Linked Notes and, in the event of any 
inconsistency between any of these Terms and the Conditions, or any statement in or incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus, these Terms will prevail for the purposes of the Combined Underlying 
Linked Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between any of these Terms or any statement in or 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and the Final Terms in relation to the Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
The Final Terms shall specify a "Risk Underlying" and a "Return Underlying" in relation to the Notes, 
and shall further specify (i) in relation the Risk Underlying whether such Risk Underlying is a single Share 
or a Basket of Shares, an Index or a Basket of Indices, and (ii) in relation to the Return Underlying, the 
Inflation Index. 
1. 
Incorporation of Terms 
1.1 
The following Terms for Equity Linked Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi 
Underlying Linked Notes contained in Part B hereof are hereby incorporated into this Part C: Term 
1 (Definitions), Term 2 (Disruption) (with the exception of Term 2.4 (Postponement of Payments), 
Term 3 (Best of/Worst of Provisions), Term 4 (Adjustments, Consequences of Certain Events and 
Currency in respect of Indices), Term 5 (Adjustments in respect of Shares) and Term 6 
(Adjustments in respect of Indices or Shares), Term 8 (Adjustments in respect of Funds) (with the 
exception of Term 6.4 (Additional Disruption Events) (the "Equity/Index/Fund Incorporated 
Terms"), provided that any reference in the Incorporated Equity/Index Terms to "Equity Linked 
Notes/Index Linked Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Multi Underlying Linked Notes", "Equity Linked 
Notes", "Index Linked Notes", "Fund Linked Notes" or "Multi Underlying Linked Notes" shall 
instead be construed as a reference to "Combined Underlying Linked Notes", and any references 
to "an Underlying", "any Underlying" or "the relevant Underlying" (or any other references to such 
effect) shall be to the Risk Underlying only. 
1.2 
The following Terms for Inflation Linked Notes contained in Part C hereof are hereby incorporated 
into this Part C: Term 1 (Definitions), Term 2 (Delay in Publication), Term 3 (Successor Index) 
and Term 4 (Adjustments) (with the exception of Term 4.7 (Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption Event) (the "Incorporated Inflation 
Terms" and together with the Incorporated Equity/Index Terms, the "Incorporated Terms") 
provided that any reference in the Incorporated Inflation Terms to "Inflation Linked Notes" shall 
instead be construed as a reference to "Combined Underlying Linked Notes" and any references to 
"an Underlying", "any Underlying" or "the relevant Underlying" (or any other references to such 
effect) shall be to the Return Underlying only. 
1.3 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Incorporated Terms and the Terms for Combined 
Underlyings set out in this Part C, the Terms for Combined Underlyings set out in this Part C shall 
prevail. 
2. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Combined Underlying Linked Notes, the 
following terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, an Insolvency Filing, a Hedging 
Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, ETF Modification, Strategy Breach, Regulatory Action 
and/or Cross-contamination as specified in the applicable Final Terms and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority

--- Page 308 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 306 - 
70-40754199 
 
or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligation in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any Shares or relevant hedge positions in respect of the Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any solvency or capital requirements or any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) in maintaining the 
Combined Underlying Linked Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
Shares or relevant hedge positions of the Combined Underlying Linked Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the 
currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant 
hedge positions relating to the Combined Underlying Linked Notes; and 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Combined 
Underlying Linked Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
3. 
Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) either (i) make such adjustment, if any, 
to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount, Initial Index Level, Initial Share Price, Initial 
Value, Initial Fund Value, Initial Inflation Level or Final Inflation Level (as applicable) and/or any 
other relevant term of the Combined Underlying Linked Notes (including the date on which any 
amount is payable by the Issuer) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
such Additional Disruption Event, on the effective date of that adjustment (in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) or (ii) redeem each Combined Underlying Linked Notes at 
its Fair Market Value as at the date of redemption taking into account such Additional Disruption 
Event on such date as the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall notify 
to holders of the Combined Underlying Linked Notes. 
The Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall give notice of any redemption 
of the Combined Underlying Linked Notes or determination pursuant to this Term to holders of 
the Combined Underlying Linked Notes (copied to the Issuer) in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
4. 
Postponement of Payments 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other term or condition of the Notes, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Disrupted Day and/or a Delayed Inflation Index Level Event has occurred 
in respect of any Underlying on any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, payment 
of the Interest Amount or Final Redemption Amount (if such amount is payable) shall be postponed 
to the later of (i) the Maturity Date or the Interest Payment Date and (ii) the date that is three 
Business Days (or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the 
postponed Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or Determination Date, as the case

--- Page 309 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 307 - 
70-40754199 
 
may be. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the 
postponement of any payment of the Interest Amount and/or Final Redemption Amount or 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this Term 4 (Postponement of 
Payments). 
The Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Calculation Agent) shall give notice of any 
postponement of payments pursuant to the Term to holders of the Combined Underlying Linked 
Notes (copied to the Issuer) in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
5. 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent shall make all determinations required of it pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Combined Underlying Linked Notes in good faith and acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner.

--- Page 310 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 308 - 
70-40754199 
 
PART D – ADDITIONAL TERMS OF THE CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
If the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Credit Linked Notes, the Conditions (and if 
applicable, the relevant Terms in relation to Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Inflation Linked 
Notes) applicable to the Notes will be supplemented by the additional terms (the "Additional Terms") for 
Credit Linked Notes as set out below. 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether Simplified Credit Linkage or ISDA Credit 
Linkage applies to each Series of Credit Linked Notes, and shall further specify the percentage 
portion of the Note to which such credit linkage applies (such percentage the "Credit Linked 
Percentage" and such portion the "Credit Linked Portion"). Notes may be fully or partially credit 
linked. 
1.2 
Single Name CLNs, Basket CLNs and Index CLNs 
If the Notes are specified to be any of a Single Name CLN, Basket CLN or Index CLN in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Credit Linked Portion will be credit linked to one or more Reference 
Entity(ies) specified in the applicable Final Terms, with each Reference Entity having a 
"Reference Entity Weighting" of either: 
(a) 
if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified in the Final Terms, a percentage equal to the 
Reference Entity Weighting of such Reference Entity as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
if "Equal Weighting" is specified to be applicable in relation to the Notes, an equally 
weighted percentage of the Credit Linked Portion (as at the Issue Date). 
The portion of each Note linked to a particular Reference Entity (the "Relevant Portion") shall be 
a percentage portion of the Credit Linked Portion equal to the Reference Entity Weighting of such 
Reference Entity. 
The Redemption Amount payable in respect of a Single Name CLN, Basket CLN or Index CLN 
will be determined in accordance with the Conditions, as supplemented by these Additional Terms 
and, for such purposes, the Notional Amount of each Relevant Portion of a Note shall be equal to 
the product of (i) the Notional Amount of such Note, (ii) the Credit Linked Percentage and (iii) the 
relevant Reference Entity Weighting. 
1.3 
Tranched CLNs 
If the Notes are specified to be Tranched CLNs in the applicable Final Terms, the Credit Linked 
Portion will be credit linked to two or more Reference Entities specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If a Tranched CLN Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Tranched CLN, then: 
(a) 
on the occurrence of such Tranched CLN Trigger Event, if "Equal Weighting" is 
specified to be applicable in relation to the Notes, an equally weighted percentage portion 
of the Credit Linked Portion will be credit linked to each of the Remaining Reference 
Entities (as at the Tranched CLN Trigger Date) (such percentage the "Equal Weighting 
Percentage" and such portion the "Relevant Portion"); and 
(b) 
if "Fixed CLN Percentage" is specified to be applicable in relation to the Notes, if a 
Credit Event Notice or CDS Event Notice, as applicable, is delivered in relation to a 
Remaining Reference Entity after the occurrence of such Tranched CLN Trigger Event, a 
fixed percentage portion of the Credit Linked Portion (such percentage the "Fixed CLN 
Percentage" as specified in the applicable Final Terms and such portion the "Relevant 
Portion") will be deemed to have been linked to such Reference Entity immediately 
preceding the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event (as defined (i) in relation to 
Tranched CLNs with Simplified Credit Linkage, Additional Term 3, and (ii) in relation to

--- Page 311 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 309 - 
70-40754199 
 
Tranched CLNs with ISDA Credit Linkage, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.). 
If a Tranched CLN Trigger Event occurs the Redemption Amount payable in respect of a Tranched 
CLN will be determined in accordance with the Conditions, as supplemented by these Additional 
Terms and, for such purposes, the Notional Amount of each Relevant Portion of a Note shall be 
equal to the product of (i) the Notional Amount of such Note, (ii) the Credit Linked Percentage, 
and (iii) the Equal Weighting Percentage or Fixed CLN Percentage (as applicable). 
2. 
NOTEHOLDER AMENDMENT REQUESTS 
2.1 
Where "Noteholder Amendment Request" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
a Noteholder in respect of not less than 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes of a Series of Credit Linked Notes may provide to the Issuer an Amendment 
Request attaching the Proof of Holding (a "Compliant Amendment Request"). 
2.2 
Upon receipt of a Compliant Amendment Request, the Issuer shall promptly forward a copy of 
such Compliant Amendment Request to the Trustee. The Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, 
(to the extent the Issuer agrees to the Proposed Amendments pursuant to the discretion contained 
in Additional Term 2.3) approve and concur with the Issuer in the implementation of any Proposed 
Amendments, provided however, that the Trustee shall not be bound to approve or to execute any 
amendment to any documents under the Programme (a) which, in the opinion of the Trustee, would 
have the effect of (i) increasing or adding to the obligations or duties of the Trustee; or (ii) removing 
or amending any protection or indemnity afforded to, or any other provision in favour of, the 
Trustee under any document issued under the Programme; (b) unless it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities, losses and expenses which 
it may incur in connection therewith; and (c) unless the Proof of Holding has been provided in a 
form acceptable to the Trustee. 
The Trustee shall, within 15 calendar days of receipt of the Compliant Amendment Request, 
confirm to the Issuer that (A) the Trustee does not consider that the Proposed Amendments would 
have the effect of (i) increasing or adding to the obligations or duties of the Trustee; or (ii) removing 
or amending any protection or indemnity afforded to, or any other provision in favour of, the 
Trustee under any document issued under the Programme, and (B) that the Proof of Holding has 
been provided in a form acceptable to the Trustee, or inform the Issuer that it is unable to make 
such confirmation. 
2.3 
In respect of any Compliant Amendment Request in relation to which the Trustee has provided its 
confirmation pursuant to Additional Term 2.2 above, the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to agree to the Proposed Amendments and shall notify the Noteholder of such agreement 
by delivering an Amendment Confirmation. For the avoidance of doubt, any Amendment Request 
in respect of which no Amendment Confirmation is delivered within 30 Business Days following 
the delivery of such Amendment Request shall be deemed to be rejected by the Issuer. The 
Requesting Noteholder shall countersign such Amendment Confirmation and return such 
Amendment Confirmation to the Issuer and the Trustee, together with Proof of Holding (in the 
same form as provided with the Amendment Request) as of the date of such countersigned 
Amendment Confirmation. All such documents are to be dated and delivered to the Issuer and the 
Trustee by no later than 12 noon on a Business Day agreed in advance with the Issuer and the 
Trustee. 
2.4 
Upon receipt of the countersigned Amendment Confirmation (together with Proof of Holding 
described in Additional Term 2.3), the Issuer shall execute the Amendment Documents. The terms 
and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes shall be amended and restated as set out in the 
Amendment Documents from the date of execution of such Amendment Documents (the 
"Amendment Date"). 
2.5 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable after the Amendment Date: 
(a) 
procure that the Amended and Restated Final Terms shall be filed with Euronext Dublin; 
and

--- Page 312 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 310 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
give notice of the amendment to the Noteholder in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
(which, if the Notes are represented by a Global Note, shall include a notice through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream). 
2.6 
The Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to act and rely solely and without further investigation 
on any Proof of Holding, Compliant Amendment Request and related Amendment Confirmation, 
and shall not be liable to any Noteholder (or, in the case of the Trustee, the Issuer) or any other 
person for any loss, costs, claims or liabilities arising from or in connection with its acting upon 
any Proof of Holding, Compliant Amendment Request or related Amendment Confirmation. 
For the purposes of this Additional Term 2 the following terms shall have the meanings set out 
below: 
"Amendment Confirmation" means a notice confirming the amendments and attaching the 
execution form of any document(s) required to effect the amendments (including the amended and 
restated Final Terms (the "Amended and Restated Final Terms"), and any further document(s) 
as determined by the Issuer (together the "Amendment Documents")), to be countersigned by the 
Requesting Noteholder. 
"Amendment Request" means a notice in the form from time to time provided by the Requesting 
Noteholder to the Issuer, which: 
(a) 
specifies (i) the name and address of the Requesting Noteholder, and (ii) if the Requesting 
Noteholder is not beneficially entitled to the Notes, the name and address of the person or 
persons who are beneficially entitled to 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
such Notes (each a "Beneficial Owner")) and confirmation that the Noteholder is 
authorised to act on behalf of such Beneficial Owner(s); 
(b) 
specifies the ISIN and Series Number of the Credit Linked Notes which are the subject of 
such Amendment Request; 
(c) 
contains a representation in favour of the Issuer and the Trustee that, if an Amendment 
Confirmation is provided in relation to the relevant Amendment Request, the Relevant 
Noteholder shall not dispose of any holding in the relevant Series of Notes prior to receipt 
of the notice described in Additional Term 2.5(b) above; 
(d) 
contains an undertaking in favour of the Issuer and the Trustee to provide to the Issuer and 
the Trustee any further Proof of Holding by noon (London time) in accordance with 
Additional Term 2.3 above; and 
(e) 
specifies the amendments the Requesting Noteholder proposes in relation to such Series 
of Credit Linked Notes, which may include, without limitation, the removal and/or 
addition of Reference Entities (and in respect of Credit Linked Notes which are subject to 
ISDA Credit Linkage, the removal and/or addition of related Reference Obligations) and 
such other changes related to the removal and/or addition of such Reference Entities and 
Reference Obligations as the Requesting Noteholder may consider necessary (the 
"Proposed Amendments"). 
"Proof of Holding" means documentary evidence in form acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee 
that the Noteholder delivering the Amendment Request (the "Requesting Noteholder") holds not 
less than 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of the Series of 
Credit Linked Notes which are the subject of the Amendment Request, such evidence to include: 
(a) 
in respect of a Note in global form held through a clearing system, a certificate in respect 
of such holding; 
(b) 
in respect of Notes in definitive form, confirmation that the relevant Notes have been 
delivered and surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(c) 
such other evidence that the Issuer or the Trustee may, in its sole discretion, deem 
necessary.

--- Page 313 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 311 - 
70-40754199 
 
3. 
SIMPLIFIED CREDIT LINKAGE 
3.1 
This Additional Term 3 applies only to Credit Linked Notes in relation to which the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Simplified Credit Linkage applies. 
3.2 
Redemption Amount following Credit Event Notice 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent delivers a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer in relation to a 
Reference Entity linked to a Relevant Portion of a Credit Linked Note (or, in relation to a 
Tranched CLN if, following the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event, the 
Calculation Agent delivers a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer in relation to a Remaining 
Reference Entity) prior to the Maturity Date then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Adjusted Fair Market Value of such 
Relevant Portion as of the Credit Event Notice Date; and 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount in relation to such Note shall be calculated and 
paid in accordance with the following provisions of this Part D (Additional Terms 
of the Credit Linked Notes). 
(b) 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Note linked to a Reference Entity in relation 
to which a Credit Event Notice has been delivered (or, in relation to a Tranched CLN, a 
Note in relation to which a Tranched CLN Trigger Event has occurred, and in relation to 
which a Credit Event Notice has been delivered after the occurrence of such Tranched 
CLN Trigger Event) shall be equal to the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in relation to each Relevant Portion of the 
Note in relation to which a Credit Event Notice has been delivered, calculated in 
accordance with this Part D (Additional Terms of the Credit Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
the Redemption Amounts in relation to (i) any Relevant Portion of the Note in 
respect of which no Credit Event Notice has been delivered and (ii) any portion 
of the Note which is not Credit Linked and (iii) where Fixed Recovery is specified 
in relation to Tranched CLNs, any portion of the Credit Linked Portion which has 
not become a Relevant Portion prior to the Maturity Date, shall be calculated in 
accordance with the Terms and applicable Final Terms without regard to the 
provisions of this Part D (Additional Terms of the Credit Linked Notes) provided 
that for the purposes of such calculation the outstanding notional amount of such 
Notes will be deemed to be reduced in proportion with any Relevant Portion in 
relation to which a Credit Event Notice has been delivered. 
(c) 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions set out below under Additional Term 3.5 (Definitions). If the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount in relation to a Relevant Portion of a Note has not been determined 
by the day which is 4 Business Days prior to the scheduled Maturity Date for such Note, 
then payment of the Final Redemption Amount for the Note will be postponed to the day 
which is 4 Business Days after the date of determination of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Additional Term 3.5 (Definitions) below. The holder of the 
Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of such postponement. 
(d) 
If, following a Credit Event Notice Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs in 
respect of any Credit Linked Note or a redemption in accordance with Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase), references in this Additional Term 3 (Simplified Credit 
Linkage) to "Maturity Date" shall be references to the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
or such other such date fixed for the redemption of the note (as applicable) and references 
to the Final Redemption Amount shall be references to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount (as applicable). 
3.3 
Interest 
Interest (if any) on the Relevant Portion of the Notes shall cease to accrue from (but excluding) the 
Interest Accrual Cessation Date in relation to such Relevant Portion.

--- Page 314 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 312 - 
70-40754199 
 
3.4 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice to the holders of the relevant Series 
of Notes (copied to the Issuer) of: 
(a) 
in relation to Tranched CLNs only, the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event; 
(b) 
the giving of any Credit Event Notice; and 
(c) 
the determination of any Credit Event Redemption Amount. 
3.5 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Term, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Adjusted Fair Market Value" means 
(a) 
in relation to any Relevant Portion of a Single Name CLN, Basket CLN or Index CLN (as 
applicable), as of any date, its fair market value, as of such date, disregarding the effect of 
any Credit Event on the value of the Relevant Portion, less any costs, expenses, fees, or 
taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates in respect of amending or liquidating 
any financial instruments or transactions entered into in connection with the Notes; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Relevant Portion of a Tranched CLN, zero; 
"Auction" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, an auction coordinated 
by ISDA that relates to the circumstances specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice and that 
would be applicable to a Notional CDS, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Auction Final Price" means the relevant auction final price as may be published by ISDA or any 
administrator of any Auction coordinated by ISDA from time to time and that would be applicable 
to the Notional CDS, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits 
and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
"Credit Event" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(a) 
a Reference Entity has become Insolvent; 
(b) 
a Governmental Intervention has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity; 
(c) 
a Restructuring has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity; 
(d) 
an Obligation Acceleration has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity; 
(e) 
an Obligation Default has occurred in relation to Reference Entity; 
(f) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity; and/or 
(g) 
a Failure to Pay has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity,

--- Page 315 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 313 - 
70-40754199 
 
in each case, to the extent it is applicable to the relevant Notes as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, in relation to a Relevant Portion of a Note in respect 
of which a Credit Event Notice has been delivered, a cash amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the Adjusted Fair Market Value of such Relevant Portion (or Credit Linked Portion, as 
applicable) as of the Credit Event Notice Date; and 
(b) 
the Recovery Rate, and 
(c) 
the Credit Linked FX Factor; 
"Credit Event Notice" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, a written notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer stating that a Credit Event has occurred and describing, in 
reasonable detail, the facts relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has occurred, 
(including the date on which such Credit Event has occurred); 
"Credit Event Notice Date" means the date on which the Calculation Agent delivers a Credit 
Event Notice to the Issuer; 
"Credit Linked FX Factor" means the Credit Linked FX Factor specified in the Final Terms, or 
if Credit Linked FX Factor is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean 
100 per cent.; 
"Debt Obligation" means each Reference Entity's current, future, conditional or other payment 
obligations (whether or not subordinated) under (a) agreements having the commercial effect of 
borrowings (including loan agreements, notes or commercial paper (irrespective of term to 
maturity) or financing limits, payment obligations regarding deposits or letters of credit) and (b) 
guarantees or other sureties or commitments which the Reference Entity has provided or provides 
with respect to the payment obligations of a third party; 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event; 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto or, if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of: 
(a) 
the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not 
a Sovereign; 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign; 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity; 
"Excluded Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a 
type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Failure to Pay Amount") under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, save that

--- Page 316 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 314 - 
70-40754199 
 
if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is the result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to 
constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or 
amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, 
it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result 
from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity (as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with 
one or more variable inputs (and, for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts 
payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery Rate" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Full Quotation" means each firm bid quotation obtained from a relevant third party market dealer 
in respect of a Notional CDS having a notional amount equal to the Quotation Amount, or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines in its absolute discretion that it is not able to obtain at least one such 
firm bid quotation, each firm bid quotation obtained from a relevant third party market dealer in 
respect of the unsecured debt of the Reference Entity of a seniority level equivalent to that specified 
in the Final Terms (or, if a Reference Obligation Replacement Event has occurred, the Replacement 
Seniority Level) in an amount equal to the Quotation Amount; 
"General Recovery Rate" means: 
(a) 
if: 
(i) 
ISDA announces by the date that is 30 calendar days after the Maturity Date that 
an Auction will be held; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Auction Final Price is determined not later than the date that is 60 
calendar days after the Maturity Date, 
the Auction Final Price; and 
(b) 
if: 
(i) 
ISDA announces that no Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
ISDA has not announced by the date that is 30 calendar days after the Maturity 
Date that an Auction will be held; or 
(iii) 
the Auction Final Price is not determined by the date that is 60 calendar days after 
the Maturity Date; or 
(iv) 
ISDA does not make any relevant announcement within 180 days of the Credit 
Event occurring; 
the Market Value; 
"Governmental Authority" means, in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter governmental or 
supranational body;

--- Page 317 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 315 - 
70-40754199 
 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including 
a central bank) of such Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to 
(c) above; 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, in relation to any Reference Entity and with respect to 
one or more obligations for the payment or repayment of borrowed money of such Reference Entity, 
any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement 
made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law 
or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to such Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money, causing the subordination of such obligation 
to any other obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the relevant obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a) to (c) above; 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date and 
the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled 
Redemption Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period 
and the period specified as the "Maximum Length of Grace Period" in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and  
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of 
three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided 
that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Redemption 
Date; 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so 
specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a day on which the TARGET System 
is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets

--- Page 318 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 316 - 
70-40754199 
 
are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of 
the Obligation Currency; 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace 
Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay; 
"Scheduled Redemption Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms ; 
"Initial Weighting" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the weighting assigned to a specific 
Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if "Equal Initial Weighting" 
is specified to be applicable, the Initial Weighting for each Reference Entity will be an equally 
weighted percentage portion of the Credit Linked Portion. The Initial Weighting assigned to an 
original Reference Entity will apply equally to any Successor; 
"Insolvent" means, in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(a) 
it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(b) 
it suspends making payments on any of its debts; 
(c) 
after the expiration of any applicable grace period (and after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such grace period), it fails to make, when 
and where due, any payment under any one or more obligations, in accordance with the 
terms of such obligations at the time of such failure; 
(d) 
a liquidator or administrator or other similar officer has been appointed in relation to such 
Reference Entity; 
(e) 
it enters into a company voluntary arrangement or a scheme of arrangement with its 
creditors; or 
(f) 
any Insolvency Proceedings are taken in relation to such Reference Entity; 
"Insolvency Proceedings" means any legal proceedings in relation to any suspension of payments, 
moratorium of indebtedness, winding up, dissolution or administration of such person (including, 
without limitation, any bank insolvency procedure or bank administration procedure under the 
United Kingdom Banking Act 2009) or any analogous procedure in any jurisdiction; 
"Interest Accrual Cessation Date" means either (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Notice Date or, in the case of a Credit Event Notice Date occurring 
during the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date, or (ii) the date on which the 
Credit Event occurred (as specified in the Credit Event Notice); 
"ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be 
further supplemented from time to time as of the Issue Date; and as may be further supplemented 
or amended after the Issue Date in accordance with any industry protocols; 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange 
and, if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds; 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that 
is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
"Market Value" shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with the following 
provisions if the Recovery Rate is Market Value. In such a case, the Calculation Agent shall attempt 
to obtain Full Quotations from third party market dealers with respect to the Market Value

--- Page 319 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 317 - 
70-40754199 
 
Determination Date and the "Market Value" shall be the amount, expressed as a percentage, equal 
to: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if 
multiple Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if multiple 
Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if only one Full Quotation is obtained, such Full Quotation; 
(e) 
if no Full Quotations are obtained on or prior to the fifth Business Day following the 
applicable Market Value Determination Date, the value (expressed as a percentage of their 
principal amount) determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, of the unsubordinated debt obligations of the Reference 
Entity; 
"Market Value Determination Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (b) of the definition of General Recovery 
Rate, the first Business Day after the date of the relevant announcement; 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (b) of the definition of General Recovery 
Rate, on the first Business Day falling 30 calendar days after the Maturity Date; 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (b) of the definition of General Recovery 
Rate, the first Business Day falling 60 calendar days after the Maturity Date; and 
(d) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (b) of the definition of General Recovery 
Rate, 180 days after the occurrence of the Credit Event; 
"Notional CDS" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, a notional credit derivative transaction 
entered into on market standard terms: 
(a) 
incorporating the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(b) 
incorporating any supplement incorporated as standard in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity and/or the type of transaction (including, but not limited to Additional Provisions 
for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations published on 8 December 2017); 
(c) 
where such market standard terms contemplate an election between referencing senior 
(preferred/non-preferred) or subordinated obligations, then referencing the level of 
seniority of the obligations of the Reference Entity specified specified in paragraph 39(i)(i)  
of the applicable Final Terms (or following the occurrence of a Reference Obligation 
Replacement Event, referencing the Replacement Seniority Level); 
(d) 
having a trade date that is the same date as the Issue Date of the Notes and a scheduled 
termination date that is the same date as the Maturity Date of the Notes; and 
(e) 
under which any permitted determinations, elections or notices shall be made or deemed 
sent at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency;

--- Page 320 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 318 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having 
been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case 
may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity; 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law; 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or 
(B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not subordinated to any unsubordinated obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity; 
"Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) described by the applicable Obligation Category and having each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics, if any, in each case, immediately prior to the relevant Credit 
Event, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion unless it is an Excluded 
Obligation; 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required 
payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations; 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only 
one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity; 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance as specified in relation to a Reference Entity; 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated; 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations; 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference 
Entity to the same single transferee; 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Potential Failure to Pay Amount") under one or more Debt Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of such Debt Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to

--- Page 321 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 319 - 
70-40754199 
 
any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable 
to such Debt Obligations; 
"Potenial Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph 
(i) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium; 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity; 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or 
is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, 
in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other 
than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or 
following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of the 
Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation; 
"Quotation Amount" means such amount as the Calculation Agent determines in its absolute 
discretion, having regard, if applicable, to any hedging arrangements that the Issuer may have 
entered into in relation to the relevant Series of Notes; 
"Recovery Rate" means: 
(a) 
General Recovery Rate;

--- Page 322 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 320 - 
70-40754199 
 
(b) 
Zero Recovery Rate; or 
(c) 
Fixed Recovery Rate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Entity" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, an entity specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any Successor(s) to such Reference Entity; 
"Reference Entity Weighting" has the meaning set out in Additional Term 1.2. The Reference 
Entity Weighting assigned to an original Reference Entity will apply equally to any Successor; 
"Reference Obligation Replacement Event" means circumstances have arisen which in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent would make it impossible or impractical to maintain a credit 
derivative transaction referencing obligations of the level of seniority initially set out in the Final 
Terms; 
"Replacement Seniority Level" means, the level of seniority the Calculation Agent, acting 
reasonably and taking into account all relevant factors (including any common or established 
market practice), deems to be most appropriate to replace the originally specified level of seniority 
following the occurrence of a Reference Obligation Replacement Event; 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the related Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee; 
"Remaining Reference Entity" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, each Reference Entity 
in relation to which no Credit Event Notice has been delivered on the Tranched CLN Trigger Event 
Date; 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an 
authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (x) disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in 
an aggregate amount of not less than the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Amount") or (y) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Repudiation/Moratorium Amount and (ii) an Insolvency or 
a Restructuring, determined without regard to the Repudiation/Moratorium Amount, with respect 
to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the scheduled redemption date of the Notes (i) if the Obligations to which 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first 
payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if 
later, the expiration date of any applicable grace period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if 
the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the scheduled 
redemption date of the Notes; 
"Restructuring" means: 
(a) 
with respect to one or more obligations, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity 
or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such obligation to bind 
all holders of the obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such obligation 
(including, in each case, in respect of bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event

--- Page 323 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 321 - 
70-40754199 
 
is not expressly provided for under the terms of such obligation in effect as of the date 
upon which such obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation, causing the 
subordination of such obligation to any other obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to 
any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
For purposes of paragraph (a) above, the term obligation shall be deemed to include, 
without limitation, underlying obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a guarantee. In the case of a guarantee and an underlying obligation, references 
to the Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the underlying obligor. 
(c) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under (i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
relevant bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange; 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced 
or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital 
resources of a particular tier; 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro 
is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously 
payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
"Succession Event" means any event (including a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer 
of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin off or other similar event) which the Calculation Agent 
determines has resulted in a third party entity succeeding to all or some the obligations of a 
Reference Entity whether by operation of law (pursuant to any ring fencing provisions or resolution 
powers under the Banking Act 2009 of the United Kingdom or otherwise) or pursuant to any 
agreement; 
"Successor" means an entity which the Calculation Agent has specified, by written notice to the 
Issuer, as a successor to the Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Succession Event. In 
specifying a Successor, the Calculation Agent will act in a commercially reasonable manner and, 
in doing so, is entitled to take into account any hedging position or arrangement that the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates may have entered into in connection with the Notes but is not required to take 
into account the interests of the holders of any Notes; and provided further that, in circumstances 
where the Reference Entity is an authorised deposit taking entity, if there are multiple successors 
to the Reference Entity's obligations, the Calculation Agent is required, to the extent possible, to 
specify as the Successor a successor entity which is not carrying on business as an authorised 
deposit taker, or in the event that this is not possible, the successor entity for which such deposit 
taking business is the least significant part of its business;

--- Page 324 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 322 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Tranched CLN Trigger Event" means that Credit Event Notices have been delivered in relation 
to Reference Entities representing, in aggregate and by reference to the Initial Weighting of such 
Reference Entities, a percentage greater than or equal to the Tranched CLN Trigger Percentage, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Tranched CLN Trigger Event Date" means the Credit Event Notice Date in relation to the 
Credit Event Notice giving rise to the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Tranched CLN Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; ad 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee; 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of 
a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation; 
"Voting Shares" means those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity; and 
"Zero Recovery Rate" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, zero. 
4. 
ISDA CREDIT LINKAGE 
(a) 
This Additional Term 4 applies only to Credit Linked Notes in relation to which the 
applicable Final Terms specifies that ISDA Credit Linkage applies. 
(b) 
Parallel Credit Linkage 
If Parallel Credit Linkage Provisions are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then (i) if a Reference Entity is subject to a CDS Event, the provisions of sub-
paragraph (c) shall apply as stated and (ii) if a Parallel Reference Entity is subject to the 
CDS Event, the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) shall be read so that references to the 
"Relevant Portion" shall be references to 100 per cent. of the Credit Linked Portion of 
the Note and references to the "Reference Entity" shall be to the Parallel Credit Reference 
Entity. 
(c) 
Redemption and Settlement following delivery of a CDS Event Notice 
(i) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (b) (Parallel Credit Linkage) above, if the Calculation 
Agent delivers a CDS Event Notice to the Issuer in relation to a Reference Entity 
(or, in relation to a Tranched CLN if, following the occurrence of a Tranched 
CLN Trigger Event, the Calculation Agent delivers a CDS Event Notice to the 
Issuer in relation to a Remaining Reference Entity) prior to the Maturity Date (as 
may be extended pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) (Maturity Date Extension) 
below), then: 
(A) 
if "Option A" is specified as applicable in relation to CDS Event 
Redemption Amount, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Adjusted Fair Market Value of such Relevant Portion as of the Event 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
if the CDS Event Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be the date falling three Business Days following the Settlement 
Date under the relevant Notional CDS: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall not redeem such Relevant Portion on the 
Maturity Date but shall instead redeem such Relevant Portion on 
its CDS Event Redemption Date at its CDS Event Redemption 
Amount and the Issuer shall have no other payment obligations

--- Page 325 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 323 - 
70-40754199 
 
in respect of any Relevant Portion of the Notes in respect of 
which a CDS Event Notice has been delivered (and, in particular, 
but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall have 
no obligation to pay the Final Redemption Amount that would 
otherwise be payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date in 
respect of such Relevant Portion); and 
(2) 
in relation to (i) any Relevant Portion of the Note in respect of 
which no CDS Event Notice has been delivered and (ii) any 
portion of the Note which is not Credit Linked, the Final 
Redemption Amount payable in accordance with Condition 9.1 
(Scheduled Redemption) shall be calculated in accordance with 
the Conditions, Terms and applicable Final Terms without 
regard to the provisions of this Part D (Additional Terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes) provided that for the purposes of such 
calculation, to the extent that the CDS Event Redemption Date 
in relation to any Relevant Portion in respect of which a CDS 
Event Notice has been delivered falls after the Maturity Date, 
the outstanding notional amount of such Notes will be deemed 
to be reduced in proportion with any such Relevant Portion(s). 
(C) 
if the CDS Event Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be the Maturity Date then, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with Additional Term 4(c)(i)(D) below, the Issuer shall redeem the Note 
on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount, which will be an 
amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(1) 
the CDS Event Redemption Amounts in relation to each 
Relevant Portion of the Note in relation to which a CDS Event 
Notice has been delivered, calculated in accordance with this 
Part D (Additional Terms of the Credit Linked Notes); and 
(2) 
the Final Redemption Amounts in relation to (i) any Relevant 
Portion of the Note in respect of which no CDS Event Notice 
has been delivered, and (ii) any portion of the Note which is not 
Credit Linked, and (iii) where Fixed Recovery is specified in 
relation to Tranched CLNs, any portion of the Credit Linked 
Portion which has not become a Relevant Portion on or prior to 
the Maturity Date, calculated in accordance with the Conditions, 
Terms and applicable Final Terms without regard to the 
provisions of this Part D (Additional Terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes) provided that for the purposes of such calculation the 
outstanding notional amount of such Notes will be deemed to be 
reduced in proportion with any Relevant Portion in relation to 
which a CDS Event Notice has been delivered. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding Additional Term 4(c)(i)(C) above, if the CDS Event 
Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be the 
Maturity Date and the Settlement Date under the relevant Notional CDS 
for any Relevant Portion of the Note has not occurred by the day falling 
three Business Days prior to the scheduled Maturity Date for such Note 
(any such Relevant Portion an "Affected Portion"), then (i) in relation 
to any Relevant Portion of the Note which is not an Affected Portion, the 
Final Redemption Amount will be calculated and paid in accordance with 
Additional Term 4(c)(i)(C) above, and (ii) in relation to any Affected 
Portion, the CDS Event Redemption Date (and payment of the related 
CDS Event Redemption Amount) in relation to such Affected Portion 
will be postponed to the day falling three Business Days following the 
Settlement Date under the relevant Notional CDS in relation to such 
Affected Portion. For the avoidance of doubt, the holder of the Note shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any

--- Page 326 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 324 - 
70-40754199 
 
postponed payment of the CDS Event Redemption Amount in relation to 
an Affected Portion. 
(d) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, give notice to the holders of the 
relevant Series of Notes (copied to the Issuer) of: 
(A) 
in relation to Tranched CLNs only, the occurrence of a Tranched CLN 
Trigger Event; 
(B) 
the giving of any CDS Event Notice; and 
(C) 
the determination of any CDS Event Redemption Date (if the CDS 
Redemption Date is not the Maturity Date) or CDS Event Redemption 
Amount. 
(e) 
Maturity Date Extension 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the Maturity Date that an Event 
Determination Date may occur or may be determined under the Notional CDS following 
the Maturity Date, it shall give notice (an "Extension Notice") to the holders of the 
relevant Series of Notes (with a copy to the Issuer) stating that the Maturity Date of the 
Relevant Portion of the Notes shall be extended to the date that is three Business Days 
following the date the Calculation Agent determines an Event Determination Date will not 
occur under the Notional CDS. 
(f) 
Interest 
Interest (if any) on the Relevant Portion of the Notes shall cease to accrue from (but 
excluding) the Interest Accrual Cessation Date. 
(g) 
Interest Postponement 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
is considering a request as to whether or not a CDS Event has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Entity and any resolution would be relevant to the Notional CDS and the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved the issue as of an Interest 
Payment Date under the Notes, payment of interest otherwise due on the Notes on such 
date will be suspended. If the Calculation Agent subsequently determines that no Event 
Determination Date occurred under the Notional CDS, such interest amount shall be 
payable on the Notes on the second Business Day after such determination. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Event Determination Date occurred under the Notes 
and the CDS prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, no payment of the suspended 
interest will be made. No additional amount in respect of interest and no adjustment shall 
be made to the amount of any interest in connection with the delay or postponement of 
any payment of interest pursuant to this paragraph. The Issuer shall endeavour to give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as is 
reasonably practicable should any payment of interest be suspended and/or postponed 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
(h) 
Restructuring CDS Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Event Determination Date under the Notional 
CDS is in relation to a "Restructuring" CDS Event under the Notional CDS, the 
Calculation Agent may deliver multiple CDS Event Notices in relation to such Relevant 
Portion as if multiple Event Determination Dates had occurred under the Notional CDS. 
If the Calculation Agent delivers a CDS Event Notice in respect of part only of the 
Relevant Portion, the Calculation Agent shall specify in such CDS Event Notice the 
principal amount of such part and the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) (Redemption and 
Settlement following CDS Event Notice) below shall apply only to such part of the

--- Page 327 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 325 - 
70-40754199 
 
Relevant Portion. The provisions of this Term shall continue to apply to any subsequent 
CDS Event Notice(s) delivered in respect of such remaining Relevant Portion. 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
If, following a CDS Event Notice Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs in 
respect of any Credit Linked Note or a redemption in accordance with Condition 9.10 
(Early Redemption Amounts), references in this Additional Term 4 (ISDA Credit Linkage) 
to "Maturity Date" shall be references to the Automatic Early Redemption Date or such 
other such date fixed for the redemption of the Note (as applicable) and references to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be references to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount (as applicable). 
(j) 
Removal of Reference Entities 
(i) 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether any or all of the Reference 
Entities will be removed as Reference Entities during the life of the Notes. If a 
Reference Entity Removal Date is specified in relation to a Reference Entity, on 
such date the relevant Reference Entity will cease to be a Reference Entity in 
relation to the Notes. 
(ii) 
If one or more (but not all) of the Reference Entities are removed during the life 
of the Notes, the Reference Entity Removal Provisions in the Final Terms will 
specify whether, after the removal of such Reference Entity or Reference Entities, 
the Relevant Portion or Relevant Portions in relation to such Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities will be adjusted or unadjusted. 
(A) 
If the Relevant Portion or Portions relating to a Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities which have been removed is specified to be adjusted, 
the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of the remaining Reference 
Entity or Reference Entities will be adjusted (in equal proportions) to 
include the Relevant Portion or Relevant Portions in relation to the 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities which have been removed. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Portion or Portions relating to a Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities which have been removed is specified to be 
unadjusted, such portion of the Notes will cease to be Credit Linked. 
(k) 
Substitution 
On the occurrence of a Substitution Event in relation to a Reference Obligation or a 
Parallel Reference Obligation, the Issuer may replace the Reference Obligation or Parallel 
Reference Obligation (as applicable) with a "Substitute Reference Obligation" (as 
determined in accordance with the relevant Notional CDS) on providing written notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(l) 
Succession 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in relation to any Reference Entity or Parallel 
Reference Entity (the "Affected Reference Entity"), more than one Successor to such 
Affected Reference Entity would be determined under the relevant Notional CDS, then: 
(i) 
in relation to Single Name CLNs, Basket CLNs and Index CLNs and Tranched 
CLNs after the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event: 
(A) 
the Affected Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
(unless it is a Successor as described in (B) below); 
(B) 
each of the Successors will be deemed to be a Reference Entity for the 
purposes of such Single Name CLN, Basket CLN, Index CLNs or 
Tranched CLN;

--- Page 328 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 326 - 
70-40754199 
 
(C) 
(except in relation to Tranched CLNs in relation to which Fixed CLN 
Percentage is specified to be applicable) the Reference Entity Weighting 
or Equal Weighting Percentage (as applicable) applicable to each of the 
Successors shall be a percentage equal to the Reference Entity Weighting 
or Equal Weighting Percentage (as applicable) applicable to the original 
Reference Entity divided by the number of Successors; 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, make any modifications to 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes which may be required to preserve 
the economic effects of the Credit Linked Notes prior to the relevant 
succession (considered in the aggregate); and 
(E) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a 
succession, be represented multiple times in respect to different Relevant 
Portions. 
(ii) 
in relation to Tranched CLNs prior to the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger 
Event: 
(A) 
the Affected Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
(unless it is a Successor as described in (B) below); 
(B) 
each of the Successors will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of such 
Tranched CLN, and the Initial Weighting of each such Successor shall 
be a percentage equal to the Initial Weighting applicable to the original 
Reference Entity divided by the number of Successors; 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, make any modifications to 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes which may be required to preserve 
the economic effects of the Credit Linked Notes prior to the relevant 
succession (considered in the aggregate); and 
(D) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a 
succession, be represented multiple times in respect to different Relevant 
Portions. 
(m) 
Definitions 
Terms used in these Additional Terms for Credit Linked Notes but not defined in the 
Conditions shall have the meanings set out below or if not defined below, the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions, (as defined below): 
"Adjusted Fair Market Value" means 
(i) 
in relation to any Relevant Portion of a Single Name CLN, Basket CLN or Index 
CLN (as applicable), as of any date, its fair market value, as of such date, 
disregarding the effect of any Credit Event (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) on the value of the Relevant Portion, less any costs, 
expenses, fees, or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates in respect of 
amending or liquidating any financial instruments or transactions entered into in 
connection with the Notes. 
(ii) 
in relation to any Relevant Portion of a Tranched CLN, zero; 
"Auction Final Price" means the relevant auction final price as may be published by 
ISDA or any administrator of any auction coordinated by ISDA from time to time and that 
would be applicable to the Notional CDS; 
"CDS Event Notice" means, in relation to any Reference Entity or Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity (as applicable), a written notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
stating that in the determination of the Calculation Agent an Event Determination Date 
would have occurred under the relevant Notional CDS;

--- Page 329 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 327 - 
70-40754199 
 
"CDS Event Notice Date" means the date on which the Calculation Agent gives a CDS 
Event Notice to the Issuer; 
"CDS Event Redemption Amount" means, in relation to a Relevant Portion of a Note in 
respect of which a CDS Event Notice has been delivered, either: 
(a) 
if Option A is specified (in paragraph 39(j)(vi) of the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to a Reference Entity and paragraph 39(k)(vii) of the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to a Parallel Credit Reference Entity), a cash amount equal to 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Recovery Rate; and 
(ii) 
the Adjusted Fair Market Value of such Relevant Portion as of the CDS 
Event Notice Date; and 
(iii) 
the Credit Linked FX Factor; or 
(b) 
if Option B is specified (in paragraph 39(j)(vi) of the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to a Reference Entity and paragraph 39(k)(vii) of the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to a Parallel Credit Reference Entity), the sum of: 
(i) 
the product of (i) the outstanding notional amount of such Relevant 
Portion as of the CDS Event Notice Date, and (ii) the Recovery Rate; and 
(ii) 
any gain, loss, expenses, fee or taxes incurred by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates in respect of amending or liquidating any financial instruments 
or transactions entered into in connection with such Relevant Portion as 
of the Credit Event Notice Date; 
"CDS Event Redemption Date" means, in relation to the Relevant Portion of a Single 
Named CLN, Basket CLN and/or Index CLN relating to a Reference Entity or Parallel 
Credit Reference Entity (as applicable), either (i) the date falling three Business Days 
following the Settlement Date under the relevant Notional CDS, or (ii) the Maturity Date 
(subject to adjustment in accordance with Additional Term 4(c)(i)(D)), as specified in 
paragraph 39(j)(vii) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity and 
paragraph 39(k)(viii) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity; 
"CDS Valuation Date" means the date that is five Business Days after the Event 
Determination Date; 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means the relevant committee 
established by ISDA for the purposes of reaching certain resolutions in connection with 
credit derivatives transactions that would include the Notional CDS; 
"Credit Linked FX Factor" means the Credit Linked FX Factor specified in the Final 
Terms, or if Credit Linked FX Factor is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall mean 100 per cent.; 
"Event Determination Date" shall have the meaning given such term in the Notional 
CDS; 
"Fixed Recovery Rate" means in relation to any Reference Entity or Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity (as applicable) the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Full Quotation" means each firm bid quotation (expressed as a percentage of the 
outstanding principal balance of the Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference 
Obligation (as applicable)) obtained from a Relevant Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligations or Parallel

--- Page 330 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 328 - 
70-40754199 
 
Reference Obligations (as applicable) the case may be, with an outstanding principal 
balance equal to the Quotation Amount; 
"General Recovery Rate " means in relation to any Reference Entity or Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity (as applicable), the Auction Final Price or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines no relevant Auction will be held, the Final Price (as applicable) that would be 
applicable under the relevant Notional CDS if Cash Settlement were the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method and the Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference 
Obligation (as applicable) was any one or more Obligations, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, that would have constituted Deliverable 
Obligations in respect of the Notional CDS, subject, if applicable, to the Recovery Rate 
Gearing specified in the Final Terms; 
"Initial Weighting" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the weighting assigned to 
a specific Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if "Equal 
Initial Weighting" is specified to be applicable, the Initial Weighting for each Reference 
Entity will be an equally weighted percentage portion of the Credit Linked Portion; 
"Interest Accrual Cessation Date" means either (i) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Event Determination Date or, in the case of an Event 
Determination Date occurring during the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date, (ii) the date specified in the CDS Event Notice as the date on which the Credit Event 
triggering the relevant Event Determination Date (each term as defined in the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.) occurred, as specified in the Final Terms or (iii) the CDS Event 
Redemption Date; 
"ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA"), as may be further supplemented from time to time as of the Issue Date; and as 
may be further supplemented or amended after the Issue Date in accordance with any 
industry protocols; 
"Market Value" means, with respect to a Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference 
Obligation (as applicable) on the CDS Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such 
Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation 
is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an 
amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on 
which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; 
and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained 
on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable CDS Valuation 
Date the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Relevant 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation

--- Page 331 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 329 - 
70-40754199 
 
is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable), as the case may be, 
obtained from Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance 
of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day; 
"Notional CDS" means, in relation to any Reference Entity or Parallel Credit Reference 
Entity, as applicable, a notional credit derivative transaction entered into on market 
standard terms: 
(a) 
incorporating the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(b) 
incorporating any supplement incorporated as standard in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity and/or the type of transaction (including, but not limited to 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations published 
on December 8, 2017); 
(c) 
referencing obligations of the Seniority Level specified in paragraph 39(j)(ii) of 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity and paragraph 
39(k)(iv) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Parallel Credit Reference 
Entity (or following the occurrence of a Reference Obligation Replacement 
Event, referencing the Replacement Seniority Level); 
(d) 
having a trade date that is the same date as the Issue Date of the Notes and a 
scheduled termination date that is the same date as the Maturity Date of the Notes; 
(e) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such 
Credit Linked Note as it relates to such Reference Entity or Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity (as applicable); and 
(f) 
under which any permitted determinations, elections or notices shall be made or 
deemed sent at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Parallel Credit Reference Entity" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, an entity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto; 
"Parallel Reference Obligation" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, any obligation 
specified as such in paragraph 39(k)(ii) of the applicable Final Terms, or if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation is determined in relation to such Parallel Reference Obligation, such 
Substitute Reference Obligation; 
"Quotation" means, in respect of a Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation 
(as applicable) each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage with respect to a Relevant CDS Valuation Date in the manner 
that follows: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Relevant CDS Valuation Date from five or more Relevant Dealers. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the 
same Business Day within three Business Days of a CDS Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day 
thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the such CDS Valuation Date) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more 
Relevant Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth

--- Page 332 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 330 - 
70-40754199 
 
Business Day following the Relevant CDS Valuation Date the Quotations shall 
be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Relevant Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, 
the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation or 
Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable) obtained from Relevant Dealers at 
the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate 
portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a 
quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which 
firm quotations were not obtained on such day; 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on then current market practice in 
the market of the Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as 
applicable) whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest. All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or 
determination; and 
(b) 
if any Quotation obtained with respect to an accreting obligation is expressed as 
a percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal 
balance of the Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as 
applicable); 
"Quotation Amount" means with respect to a Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference 
Obligation (as applicable), the amount specified in the Final Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to Representative 
Amount) or, if no amount is so specified an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Recovery Rate" means: 
(a) 
General Recovery Rate; 
(b) 
Specific Recovery Rate; 
(c) 
Zero Recovery Rate; and 
(d) 
Fixed Recovery Rate, 
so specified in paragraph 39(d) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference 
Entity and paragraph 39(k)(iii) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity; 
"Recovery Rate Gearing", if applicable, the percentage by which the Recovery Rate is 
multiplied (as specified in paragraph 39(j)(iv) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to 
a Reference Entity and paragraph 39(k)(vi) of the applicable Final Terms in relation to a 
Parallel Credit Reference Entity); 
"Reference Entity" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, each entity specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor(s) thereto (together being the "Reference 
Entities"); 
"Reference Entity Removal Date" means the date on which a Reference Entity will be 
removed, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Entity Weighting" has the meaning set out in Additional Term 1.2; 
"Reference Obligation" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, any obligation 
specified as such in paragraph 39(j)(i) of the applicable Final Terms, or if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation is determined in relation to such Reference Obligation, such 
Substitute Reference Obligation;

--- Page 333 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 331 - 
70-40754199 
 
"Reference Obligation Replacement Event" means circumstances have arisen which in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent would make it impossible or impractical to maintain 
a credit derivative transaction referencing obligations of the level of seniority initially set 
out in the Final Terms; 
"Replacement Seniority Level" means, the level of seniority the Calculation Agent, 
acting reasonably and taking into account all relevant factors (including any common or 
established market practice), deems to be most appropriate to replace the originally 
specified level of seniority following the occurrence of a Reference Obligation 
Replacement Event; 
"Relevant Dealer" means, a dealer in obligations of the type of the Reference Obligation, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Remaining Reference Entity" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, each Reference 
Entity in relation to which no CDS Event Notice has been delivered on the Tranched CLN 
Trigger Event Date; 
"Specific Recovery Rate" means in relation to any Reference Entity and a specified 
Reference Obligation, or a Parallel Credit Reference Entity and a specified Parallel 
Reference Obligation (as applicable), a percentage determined by reference to the Market 
Value of such Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject, if applicable, to the Recovery Rate Gearing 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"Successor" means, in relation to a Reference Entity or Parallel Reference Entity, the 
entity or each of the entities which the Calculation Agent determines would be a successor 
to such entity under the relevant Notional CDS; 
"Substitution Event" means the determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) that any one or more of the following 
events has occurred: 
(a) 
the original Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable) 
is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
a substantial reduction of the aggregate amounts due under the original Reference 
Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the delivery of a CDS Event Notice, the original 
Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable) is no longer 
an obligation of the Reference Entity or Parallel Credit Reference Entity (as 
applicable); 
"Tranched CLN Trigger Event" means that CDS Event Notices have been delivered in 
relation to a number of Reference Entities which together comprise a percentage of the 
total number of Reference Entities which is greater than or equal to the Tranched CLN 
Trigger Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Tranched CLN Trigger Event Date" means the CDS Event Notice Date in relation to 
the CDS Event Notice giving rise to the occurrence of a Tranched CLN Trigger Event; 
"Tranched CLN Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided 
by the Relevant Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the 
Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an 
amount of the Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable) with 
an outstanding principal balance of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount (but of a size equal to USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency 
of the Reference Obligation or Parallel Reference Obligation (as applicable)) or, if

--- Page 334 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 332 - 
70-40754199 
 
quotations of such size are not available, quotations as near in size thereto as practicable) 
that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount; and 
"Zero Recovery Rate" means in relation to any Reference Entity or Parallel Credit 
Reference Entity (as applicable), zero.

--- Page 335 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 333 - 
70-40754199 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes (including the establishment of hedging positions in 
connection with the relevant Notes).

--- Page 336 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 334 - 
70-40754199 
 
DESCRIPTION OF INVESTEC BANK LIMITED 
1. 
OVERVIEW AND HISTORY 
The Investec Group (Investec Ltd and its subsidiaries and Investec plc and its subsidiaries)  partners 
with private, institutional and corporate clients, offering international banking, investments and 
wealth management services in two principal markets: South Africa and the UK, as well as certain 
other countries (for more information, see pages 3 to 5 of the 31 March 2020 Investec Bank Limited 
Annual Report). 
Founded as a leasing company in Johannesburg in 1974, the Investec Group acquired a banking 
licence in 1980 and was listed on the JSE Limited (the "JSE") in South Africa in 1986. In 1992, 
the Investec Group made its first international acquisition, in the United Kingdom. 
The Investec Group has since expanded through a combination of substantial organic growth and 
a series of strategic acquisitions. 
On 22 July 2002, the Investec Group implemented a Dual Listed Companies ("DLC") structure 
and listed its offshore businesses on the London Stock Exchange (the "LSE"). In terms of the DLC 
structure, Investec Limited is the controlling company of the Investec Group's businesses in 
Southern Africa and Mauritius and Investec plc is the controlling company of the majority of the 
Investec Group's non-Southern African businesses. Investec Limited is listed on the JSE whilst 
Investec plc has a primary listing on the LSE and a secondary listing on the JSE. As a result of the 
DLC structure, Investec plc and Investec Limited together form a single economic enterprise. 
Shareholders have common economic and voting interests as if Investec Limited and Investec plc 
are a single company. Creditors are, however, ring-fenced to either Investec Limited or Investec 
plc as there are no cross-guarantees between the companies. 
In 2003, Investec Limited concluded a significant empowerment transaction in which its 
empowerment partners collectively acquired a 25.1% (twenty five point one per cent.) stake in its 
issued share capital. 
On 14 September 2018, following a strategic review, the board of directors of the Investec Group 
announced the proposed demerger and separate listing of the Investec Asset Management business 
(thereafter to be known as Ninety One) (the "Transaction"). In March 2020, the Investec Group 
successfully completed the demerger of Ninety One, which became separately listed on 16 March 
2020. The Investec Specialist Bank and Investec Wealth & Investment businesses remain part of 
the Investec Group's DLC structure. Full details of the Transaction are contained in the Investec 
Shareholder Circular (published on Friday 29 November 2019) as well as other Transaction 
documents and announcements, which can be found on Investec’s website at www.investec.com. 
2. 
THE INVESTEC GROUP AND INVESTEC LIMITED'S ORGANISATION STRUCTURE 
Investec Bank Limited ("Bank") is a wholly owned subsidiary of Investec Limited and was 
incorporated on 31 March 1969 with indefinite duration. The relevant  legislation under which the 
Issuer operates as at the Programme Date is listed in its Regulatory Universe documentation, 
however the principal legislation, is: (i) the Banks Act, 1990; (ii) the Companies Act, 2008; (iii) the 
Financial Intelligence Centre Act, 2001 (as amended) together with other Anti-Money Laundering, 
Anti-Terrorist Financing, Sanctions and Anti-Bribery and Corruption laws; (iv) the National Credit 
Act, 2005 (as amended); (v) the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002; (vi) the 
Financial Markets Act, 2012; (vii) the dual listing conditions pursuant to the Exchange Control 
Regulations, 1961 promulgated pursuant to the Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933; (viii) the 
Competition Act, 1998; (ix) National Environmental Management: Integrated Coastal 
Management Act, 2008 and National Environmental Management: Waste Act, 2008; (x) Conduct 
regulations; and (xi) the JSE's rules and regulations. The Issuer is also subject to the Protection of 
Personal Information Act, 2013. The telephone number of the Issuer is: +27 (0)11 286 7000. The 
Company Secretary, Niki van Wyk, registered address is 100 Grayston Drive, Sandown, Sandton, 
2196 and contact number is (011) 286 7957. The structure under which the Issuer operates as of 
the date of this Prospectus is as follows:

--- Page 337 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 335 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
As at 31 March 2020, the major shareholders of Investec Limited, which owns 100% (one hundred 
per cent.) of the ordinary share capital of the Bank, were as follows: 
 
The top 10 (ten) shareholders account for 54.4% (fifty four point four per cent.) of the total 
shareholding in Investec Limited. This information is based on a threshold of 20,000 (twenty 
thousand) shares. Some major fund managers hold additional shares below this, which may cause 
the above figures to be marginally understated. 
3. 
THE INVESTEC GROUP'S STRATEGY 
The Investec Group strives to be a distinctive bank and investment manager, driven by a 
commitment to its core philosophies and values. Investec’s long-term commitment is to One 
Investec; a client-focused strategy where, irrespective of specialisation or geography, the Group 
commits to offering clients the full breadth and scale of its products and services.  In order to 
deliver on its strategy, the Group has identified five key strategic priorities to enhance shareholder 
returns:

--- Page 338 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 336 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
 
4. 
INVESTEC DISTINCTION 
The directors believe that the Investec Group distinguishes itself as follows: : 
4.1 
Client focused approach 
• 
Clients are at the core of the business 
• 
The Group strives to build business depth by deepening existing and creating new client 
relationships 
• 
High-tech, high-touch approach 
• 
High level service by being nimble, flexible and innovative. 
4.2 
Specialised strategy 
• 
Serving select market niches as a focused provider of tailored structured solutions 
• 
Enhancing their existing position in principal businesses and geographies through organic 
growth and select bolt-on acquisitions.

--- Page 339 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 337 - 
70-40754199 
 
4.3 
Sustainable business 
• 
Contributing to society, macro-economic stability and the environment 
• 
Well-established brand 
• 
Managing and positioning the Group for the long term 
• 
Balancing operational risk with financial risk while creating value for shareholders 
• 
Cost and risk conscious. 
4.4 
Strong culture 
• 
Strong entrepreneurial culture that stimulates extraordinary performance 
• 
Passionate and talented people who are empowered and committed 
• 
Depth of leadership 
• 
Strong risk awareness 
• 
Material employee ownership. 
5. 
ACTIVITIES OF INVESTEC BANK LIMITED 
The Bank operates as a distinctive bank within Southern Africa. 
The Specialist Bank is well positioned to provide solutions to meet private, business, corporate and 
institutional clients' needs. Each business provides distinctive products and services to defined 
target markets:

--- Page 340 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 338 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
6. 
DIRECTORATE AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
A list of the Bank's directors, including their respective biographies, is set out in the Issuer’s annual 
report, which is available on the website of the Issuer for more information, see pages 94 to 97 of 
the 
31 
March 
2020 
Investec 
Bank 
Limited 
Annual 
Report: 
https://www.investec.com/content/dam/investor-relations/financial-information/group-financial-
results/2020/IBL-Annual-Report-March-2020.pdf. 
A list of the Bank's directors' principal outside interests is set out below. There are no political 
conflicts of interest between the duties of any such persons to the Bank and their private interests 
or other duties.  The address of the directors is the registered office of the Bank. 
Name of director 
Function within Bank 
 
Other outside directorships (Role) 
 
 
Richard John Wainwright 
Chief Executive Officer 
Director: 
 
Investec Limited, Investec Plc, Bud Group 
Proprietary Limited, Investec Australia Limited, 
Investec Holdings Australia Limited, Investec 
Import Solutions Proprietary Limited, Wilcardo 
Investments Proprietary Limited, The Banking

--- Page 341 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 339 - 
70-40754199 
 
Name of director 
Function within Bank 
 
Other outside directorships (Role) 
 
 
Association South Africa NPC, Southern Africa 
PGA Tour, Peaconwood Syndicate No. 302 
 
 
Khumo Lesego Shuenyane 
Non-Executive Director/Chairman 
Director: 
 
Bonkae Capital Proprietary Limited, , Risible 
Trading Proprietary Limited, Sceptre Investments 
Proprietary Limited 
 
Non-Executive Director: 
 
Investec Life Limited, Investec Limited, Investec 
plc, ED Trust INL Investments 1 Proprietary 
Limited, 
Vodacom 
Group 
Limited, 
Investec 
Property Fund Limited 
 
 
David Martin Lawrence 
Non-Executive Director/Deputy 
Chairman 
Director/Chairman: 
 
Investec Bank (Mauritius) Limited 
 
Non-Executive Director: 
 
Bosman Lodge Share Block Proprietary Limited, 
JSE Limited, Londolozi Game Reserve Proprietary 
Limited, Madikwe Futures Company NPC  
 
Non-Executive Director/Chairman: 
 
Paycorp Investments Proprietary Limited  
 
 
 
Zarina Bibi Mahomed Bassa 
Non-Executive Director 
Chairman: 
 
YeboYethu Limited 
 
Director: 
 
Financial Services Board, Investec Bank (Mauritius) 
Limited, Investec Bank plc, Investec Life Limited, 
Investec Limited, Investec plc, Marblesharp 161 Pty 
Ltd, Nimro 159 Pty Ltd, Oceana Group Limited, 
Songhai Tourism and Events Proprietary Limited, , 
Unit 5 Hermanus Beach Club Proprietary Limited, 
Woolworths (Pty) Ltd, Woolworths Holdings Ltd, 
Zarina Bassa Investments (Pty) Ltd, Johannesburg 
Stock Exchange Limited, YES (RF) NPC – Youth 
Employment Services 
 
Executive Chairman: 
 
Songhai Capital Proprietary Limited 
 
 
David Friedland 
Non-Executive Director 
Director: 
 
Ninety One Fund Managers SA (RF) Proprietary 
Limited, Lewlef Investments Proprietary Limited, 
Grawood Investments Proprietary Limited

--- Page 342 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 340 - 
70-40754199 
 
Name of director 
Function within Bank 
 
Other outside directorships (Role) 
 
 
 
Non-Executive Director: 
 
Investec Limited, Investec Bank plc, Investec plc, 
Pick 'n Pay Stores Limited, Pres Les Proprietary 
Limited, The Foschini Group Limited 
 
 
Philip Alan Hourquebie 
Non-Executive Director 
Director: 
 
Investec Property Fund Limited, Aveng Limited, 
Somme Street Investments Proprietary Limited 
 
Non-Executive Director: 
 
Investec Limited, Investec Plc 
 
 
Morris Mthombeni 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director: 
 
Gordon Institute of Business Science, Standard 
General Insurance Company Limited, Relyant 
Assurance 
Company 
Limited, 
API 
Capital 
Proprietary Limited, Inno-Phemba Proprietary 
Limited, Nasasa Proprietary Limited 
 
 
Mvuleni Geoffrey Qhena 
Non-Executive Director 
Currently serves as a Trustee for a couple of Non-
Profit Organisations. No external directorships 
currently held 
 
 
Fani Titi 
Executive Director 
Alternate Director:  
 
IEP Group (Pty) Limited 
 
Director: 
 
George Avenue Investments 101 Proprietary 
Limited, Newshelf 1280 (RF) (Pty) Ltd,  Investec 
Limited, Investec plc, IEP Group Proprietary 
Limited, ED Trust Global Capital Proprietary 
Limited, DCBA Investments (Pty) Ltd, Anva 
Investments (Pty) Ltd. 
 
 
Stuart Charles Spencer 
Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director: 
 
Investec Specialist Investments (RF) Limited, 
Investec Specialist Investments Fund Managers 
Proprietary Limited 
 
 
 
7. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The board of directors of the Issuer endorses the code of corporate practices and conduct as set out 
in the King IV report and confirms that the Issuer is compliant with the provisions thereof. Please 
refer 
to 
the 
Issuer’s 
annual 
report, 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer: 
https://www.investec.com/content/dam/investor-relations/financial-information/group-financial-
results/2020/King-IV-Statement-of-Compliance-2020.pdf  for a detailed analysis of the Issuer’s 
compliance with King IV.

--- Page 343 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 341 - 
70-40754199 
 
The board hereby confirms that the Issuer is, and continues to act, in compliance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act of 2008 and in conformity with its Memorandum of Incorporation. 
8. 
SOUTH AFRICAN REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS 
Regulatory developments in the South African financial sector are ongoing. The two new 
authorities, namely the Financial Sector Conduct Authority ("FSCA") and the Prudential Authority  
became effective from April 2018. The FSCA has proceeded with its mandate as the conduct 
regulator responsible for the regulation and supervision of financial institutions, that provide 
financial products and financial services i.e. financial institutions that are licensed in terms of the 
financial sector law. The Prudential Authority continues with its mandate to prudentially regulate 
financial institutions by supervising the financial safety and soundness of financial institutions. 
The regulatory reform will continue for at least the next couple of years. It is important to note that 
the South African Reserve Bank has the mandate to manage systemic risk for financial institutions 
within the South African financial markets. 
Conduct Risk and Consumer Protection  
The South African regulators have renewed and refocused efforts to ensure that the South African 
financial sector provides clients with good-value products in order to receive and make payments, 
save, borrow and insure against daily risks. To this end, a strong market conduct policy is a critical 
pillar in building a financial sector that delivers these outcomes. The required structural regulatory 
reform has progressed, with the Financial Sector Regulation Act 9 of 2017 ("FSR Act") which 
came into effect in April 2018. The FSCA is responsible for the regulation and supervision of 
financial institution that provide financial products and financial services i.e. financial institutions 
that are licensed in terms of a financial sector law.   
The FSCA’s key objective is to enhance and support the efficiency and integrity of financial 
markets, to protect financial customers by promoting their fair treatment by financial institutions 
and financial inclusion. The FSCA expects all licensed financial institutions to act with integrity 
and to treat their customers fairly. Furthermore, the FSCA expects financial institutions to have a 
culture that is conducive to consumer protection and market integrity, supported by a conduct risk 
framework. On 3 July 2020, the FSCA introduced the Conduct Standard for Banks. This regulatory 
framework enables the FSCA to critically and urgently supervise the market conduct of the banking 
sector in South Africa, in accordance with its mandate, as outlined in the FSR Act. 
Further, it is also important to note that a key objective of the new framework is to ensure that there 
is effective co-operation and collaboration among the SARB, the Prudential Authority, the 
Financial Sector Conduct Authority, the National Credit Regulator ("NCR"), the Financial 
Intelligence Centre and the Competition Commission, which is anticipated to result in additional 
complexities for financial services and product providers in managing regulatory and conduct risks. 
The Financial Markets Act, 2012, which was promulgated on 3 June 2013, introduces an enabling 
framework for the regulation of over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives trading to give effect to 
South Africa's G20 commitments. On 9 February 2018, the Minister of Finance enacted into law 
the final version of the Regulations to the South African Financial Markets Act, 2012 ("FMA 
Regulations"). The FMA Regulations govern the provision of securities services under the 
Financial Markets Act including in respect of OTC derivatives. Following the enactment of the 
FMA Regulations, market participants will be required to comply with the new licensing, trade 
reporting and clearing requirements for OTC derivatives transactions. Investec Bank Limited has 
recently obtained a OTC Derivatives Provider license in terms of which Investec Bank Limited 
can continue to issue OTC derivatives in the approved asset classes. 
The Financial Sector Laws Amendment Bill was published for comment by National Treasury in 
October 2018 and was approved by the South African Cabinet in June 2020 for tabling in the South 
African Parliament. The bill proposes the necessary amendments to various acts including the 
Insolvency Act, the South African Reserve Bank Act, the Banks Act, the Mutual Banks Act, the 
Competition Act, the Financial Markets Act and the Insurance Act with a view to strengthening 
the ability of the South African Reserve Bank to manage the orderly resolution or winding down 
of a failing systemically important financial institution with minimum disruption to the broader 
economy. The bill also seeks to introduce an industry-funded deposit insurance scheme to protect

--- Page 344 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 342 - 
70-40754199 
 
qualifying depositors' funds up to a specified limit. The bill is awaiting promulgation by parliament 
before it is enacted, but in the interim the relevant regulators are continuously engaging with 
industry to continue working on the design and finalisation of the outstanding elements of the 
resolution framework. 
Following on the FSR Act, the first draft of the Conduct of Financial Institutions Bill ("COFI") 
was published by the Minister of Finance in December 2018 for public comment until 1 April 2019, 
with a second draft published in September 2020 for public comment to 30 October 2020. COFI is 
aimed at significantly streamlining the legal landscape for conduct regulation in the financial 
services sector and giving legislative effect to the market conduct policy approach, including the 
Treating Customers Fairly principles. 
During August 2019, the National Credit Amendment Act, 2019 was promulgated. The effective 
date will be proclaimed by the Minister of Trade and Industry in the Government Gazette. The 
proposed amendments include, among other, a debt intervention measure to assist consumers to 
whom insolvency measures are not accessible in practice. The process involves the extinguishment 
of debt where applicable. The NCR will implement the debt intervention process and refer matters 
to the National Consumer Tribunal to adjudicate on debt intervention applications. Debt 
counsellors are required to investigate reckless credit agreements and report such to the NCR in 
respect of consumers who apply for debt review 
The Protection of Personal Information Act (“PoPIA”) introduces certain minimum conditions for 
the processing of personal information (information that relates to an identifiable person), regulates 
the flow of personal information across the borders of the Republic of South Africa and provides 
for the establishment of an Information Regulator. It applies to both natural and juristic persons. 
The commencement date of PoPIA is 1 July 2020, with the Act to become fully effective in July 
2021 after a transitional period. PoPIA will affect the Issuer and its operations, particularly in 
relation to the processing of personal information. The GDPR (defined below) applies where 
personal information belonging to individuals who reside in the European Union where processing 
relates to (i) Offering goods or services (irrespective of whether payment is required from the 
individual) and/or (ii) Monitoring of their behaviour as far as their behaviour takes place in the 
Union. 
Financial crime 
Financial crime remains a key regulatory focus for Investec Ltd. The economic and social impact 
of financial crime within South Africa, especially corruption, has led Investec to continuously 
monitor local and global developments and assimilate these into our Anti-Money Laundering 
(“AML”), Combatting the Financing of Terrorism (“CFT”), Sanctions and Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption practices. 
Changes introduced by the Financial Intelligence Centre Amendment Act, 2017 (Act No 1 of 2017) 
placed more ownership on financial institutions to design control mechanisms commensurate to its 
risks, which in turn enabled Investec Ltd to focus its efforts on perceived higher risks. Investec Ltd 
has embraced the use of technology to aid in understanding its client risk profiles and improve its 
ability to monitor client transactions and behaviour. 
International Regulation 
“The European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) became effective on 
the 25th of May 2018 and regulates the processing by an individual, a company or an organisation 
of personal information relating to individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The aim 
of the GDPR is to harmonise data privacy laws across Europe, and protect the rights of EU citizens 
by setting out key principles that must be adhered to when processing personal information. 
The GDPR will affect the Issuer and its operations to the extent that the Issuer processes personal 
information belonging to natural persons who reside in the EEA. Depending on the nature of a 
breach, fines could be as high as €20million or up to 4% of annual global turnover whichever is 
higher.

--- Page 345 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 343 - 
70-40754199 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
South African Taxation 
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes.  It is 
based on the laws presently in force in South Africa as at the date of this Base Prospectus (and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date), though it is not intended to be, nor should it be 
construed to be, legal or tax advice.  Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own 
professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including South African tax law, to 
which they may be subject. 
(i) 
Income Tax 
Under current taxation law effective in South Africa a "resident" (as defined in section 1 of the 
South African Income Tax Act, 1962 (the "Income Tax Act")) is subject to income tax on his/her 
worldwide income. Accordingly, all Noteholders who are "residents" of South Africa will 
generally be liable to pay income tax, subject to available deductions, allowances and exemptions, 
on any income (including income in the form of interest) earned pursuant to the Notes. Non 
residents of South Africa are subject to income tax on all income derived from a South African 
source (subject to domestic exemptions or relief in terms of an applicable double taxation treaty). 
Interest income is from a South African source if that amount constitutes "interest" as defined in 
section 24J of the Income Tax Act where that interest: 
(a) 
is attributable to an amount incurred by a person that is a resident, unless the interest is 
attributable to a permanent establishment which is situated outside of South Africa; or 
(b) 
is received or accrues in respect of the utilisation or application in South Africa by any 
person of any funds or credit obtained in terms of any form of interest-bearing arrangement.  
The definition of "interest" contained in section 24J of the Income Tax Act includes the gross 
amount of any interest or similar finance charges, discount or premium payable or receivable in 
terms of or in respect of a financial arrangement. 
If the Issuer is a resident of South Africa and if the Notes are not attributable to a permanent 
establishment of the Issuer outside South Africa, the interest earned by a Noteholder will be from 
a South African source and subject to South African income tax unless such income is exempt from 
South African income tax under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act. 
In terms of section 24J of the Income Tax Act, broadly speaking, any discount or premium to the 
Nominal Amount of a Tranche of Notes will be treated as part of the interest income on the Notes. 
Interest income which is received by or accrues to the Noteholder is deemed, in accordance with 
section 24J of the Income Tax Act, to accrue on a day-to-day basis until that Noteholder disposes 
of the Notes or until maturity. The day to day accrual is determined by calculating the yield to 
maturity and applying it to the capital sum for the relevant tax period. As mentioned, the interest 
may qualify for an exemption under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act. 
Under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act interest received by or accruing to a Noteholder 
who, or which, is not a resident of South Africa will be exempt from income tax, unless: 
(a) 
that person is a natural person who was physically present in South Africa for a period 
exceeding 183 days in aggregate during the twelve-month period preceding the date on 
which the interest is received or accrues by or to that person; or 
(b) 
the debt from which the interest arises is effectively connected to a permanent 
establishment of that person in South Africa.

--- Page 346 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 344 - 
70-40754199 
 
If a Noteholder does not qualify for the exemption under Section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, 
exemption from, or reduction of any South African income tax liability may be available under an 
applicable double taxation treaty. 
Purchasers are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether the Notes give rise 
to interest income and whether any such interest income earned on the Notes will be exempt under 
section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act or under an applicable double taxation treaty. 
Under section 24J of the Income Tax Act, any discount or premium to the Nominal Amount of a 
Note is treated as part of the interest income on the Note. Section 24J of the Income Tax Act deems 
interest income to accrue to a Noteholder on a day to day basis until that Noteholder disposes of 
the Note or until maturity unless an election has been made by the Noteholder (if the Noteholder 
is entitled under Section 24J(9)10 of the Income Tax Act to make such election) to treat its Notes 
on a mark-to-market basis. This day to day basis accrual is determined by calculating the yield to 
maturity and applying it to the capital involved for the relevant tax period. Interest as defined in 
section 24J of the Income Tax Act (including the premium or discount) may qualify for the 
exemption under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act.  In terms of section 24JB of the Income 
Tax Act, specific provisions dealing with the taxation of financial assets and financial liabilities of 
certain covered persons apply in respect of years of assessment ending on or after 1 January 2014. 
Noteholders should seek advice as to whether these provisions may apply to them.   
The tax treatment of subordinated notes where the Issuer has no obligation to make interest and/or 
capital payments, the proceeds of which qualify as common equity tier 1 capital or additional tier 
1 capital may differ from the section 24J treatment noted above. 
Section 8F of the Income Tax Act applies to "hybrid debt instruments", and section 8FA of the 
Income Tax Act applies to "hybrid interest". Section 8F and 8FA provides that interest incurred on 
a hybrid debt instrument and hybrid interest are, for purposes of the Income Tax Act, deemed to 
be a dividend in specie. If either of these provisions apply the tax treatment of the interest will 
differ from what is set out above and such payments may be subject to dividends tax as a result of 
the deemed classification as dividends in specie. These provisions apply from 1 April 2014 in 
respect of amounts incurred on or after this date. 
Both section 8F and 8FA contain exemptions for an additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital instrument 
referred to in the regulations issued in terms of section 90 of the Banks Act issued by a bank as 
defined in the Bank Act. To the extent that sections 8F and/or 8FA apply to the Notes, then the 
abovementioned exemptions should apply to the Notes to the extent that the Notes constitute 
additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital instruments referred to in the regulations issued in terms of the 
Banks Act, and to the extent that the Issuer is a bank as defined in the Banks Act. 
The South African income tax implications arising for Noteholders in respect of Notes which do 
not bear interest will differ to what is set out above, and will depend on the terms of the relevant 
Note. Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether the 
acquisition, holding and disposal of Notes which give rise to the receipt or accrual of amounts 
which do not constitute interest will give rise to South African income tax implications. 
The disposal of the Notes may give rise to income tax implications for any Noteholder that is a 
resident of South Africa. In respect of non-resident Noteholders, income tax implications may arise 
should the Notes so disposed of be attributable to a South African permanent establishment of such 
Noteholder.  Prospective. Noteholders should seek advice as to whether these provisions may apply 
to them. 
(ii) 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital gains and losses of residents of South Africa which may arise upon the disposal of Notes 
are subject to capital gains tax. The word "dispose" is defined in the Eighth Schedule to the Income 
 
10  
The provisions of section 24J(9) of the Income Tax Act will not apply to a company which is a 
"covered person" as defined in the Income Tax Act during any year of assessment (ending on or 
after 1 January 2014) and will not apply to any other company during any year of assessment 
commencing on or after 1 April 2014.

--- Page 347 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 345 - 
70-40754199 
 
Tax Act to include, inter alia, any action by virtue of which an asset is created, transferred, varied 
or extinguished. If an asset was acquired, is held and will be disposed of on a speculative basis or 
as part of a scheme of profit making, the gain should generally be subject to normal tax. Capital 
gains tax is imposed at lower effective rates in comparison to income tax. 
Residents are subject to capital gains tax on all capital gains realised on the disposal of any assets 
held on a worldwide basis. A non-resident is subject to capital gains tax only in respect of capital 
gains which are realised from the disposal of (i) "immovable property" (as such term is defined in 
the Income Tax Act) situated in South Africa or any interest or right of whatever nature of such 
non-resident to or in immovable property situated in South Africa (as such term is defined in 
paragraph 2(2) of the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, being, in essence, equity shares in 
certain companies, the principal assets of which are "immovable property" located in South 
Africa), or (ii) assets effectively connected with a permanent establishment of that non-resident in 
South Africa. A "permanent establishment" is defined (in section 1 of the Income Tax Act) as a 
permanent establishment as from time to time defined in article 5 of the Model Tax Convention on 
Income and Capital of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, with some 
additions. 
The disposal of Notes by residents of South Africa may give rise to capital gains tax implications. 
The capital gains tax provisions will not apply to the extent that the holder of the Notes constitutes 
a "covered person", as defined in section 24JB of the Income Tax Act, and section 24JB of the 
Income Tax Act (see above) applies to the Notes. 
Any discount or premium on acquisition which has already been treated as interest for income tax 
purposes, under section 24J of the Income Tax Act will not be taken into account when determining 
any capital gain or loss. Under section 24J(4A) of the Income Tax Act a loss on disposal will, to 
the extent that it has previously been included in taxable income (as interest), be allowed as a 
deduction from the taxable income of the holder when it is incurred and accordingly will not give 
rise to a capital loss. 
The capital gains tax provisions would not apply to the extent that the Noteholder constitutes a 
covered person and section 24JB of the Income Tax Act (refer above) applies to the Note.  Capital 
gains tax under the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act will not be levied in relation to Notes 
disposed of by a person who is not a resident of South Africa unless the Notes disposed of are 
attributable to a permanent establishment of that person. 
Purchasers are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether a disposal of Notes 
will result in a liability to capital gains tax. 
(iii) 
Securities Transfer Tax ("STT") 
No STT is payable on the issue or transfer of Notes (bonds) under the South Africa Securities 
Transfer Tax Act, 2007, because they do not constitute securities for the purposes of that Act. Any 
future transfer duties and/or taxes that may be introduced in respect of (or applicable to) the transfer 
of Notes will be for the account of holders of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Value-Added Tax ("VAT") 
No VAT is payable on the issue or transfer of Notes. Notes (bonds) constitute "debt securities" as 
defined in section 2(2)(iii) of the South African Value-Added Tax Act, 1991. The issue, allotment, 
drawing, acceptance, endorsement or transfer of ownership of a debt security is a financial service, 
which is exempt from VAT in terms of section 12(a) of that Act.  Where financial services as 
contemplated in section 2 are however rendered to non-residents who are not in South Africa at 
the time the services are rendered, such services will be subject to VAT at the zero rate in terms of 
section 11(2)(l) of the South African Value–Added Tax Act, 1991. 
Commissions, fees or similar charges raised for the facilitation of these services will be subject to 
VAT at the standard rate (currently 15 per cent.), except where the recipient is a non-resident in 
which case such commissions, fees or similar charges may be subject to VAT at a zero rate.

--- Page 348 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 346 - 
70-40754199 
 
Investors are advised to consult their own professional advisors as to whether commissions, fees 
or similar charges raised for the facilitation of the issue, allotment, drawing, acceptance, 
endorsement or transfer of ownership of the Notes will result in a liability for VAT. 
(v) 
Withholding tax 
Withholding tax ("WHT") on interest payments from a South African source to non-residents at 
the rate of 15 per cent. came into effect on 1 March 2015. The WHT on interest applies to interest 
that is paid or that becomes due and payable on or after this date. 
To the extent that any interest is paid to Noteholders who are South African tax residents, the WHT 
on interest will not apply. 
There are exemptions which extend to any interest paid by any South African bank, excluding 
'back to back' arrangements between non-residents and a South African bank. To the extent that 
the Issuer is a South African bank, the interest paid by it will not attract WHT. In addition, interest 
paid in respect of a "listed debt" which is any debt listed on a recognised exchange will also be 
exempt from the WHT. In terms of paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc is a recognised exchange. Other exemptions may apply to interest 
payments made to non-resident Noteholders.  
If interest paid to a Noteholder does not qualify for an exemption under the WHT on interest 
provisions, an exemption from, or reduction of, any WHT on interest liabilities may be available 
under an applicable double taxation treaty. 
Prospective subscribers for or purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own professional 
advisors as to whether the payment of any interest in respect of the Notes will result in a liability 
for the WHT on interest. 
The South African withholding tax implications arising for Noteholders in respect of Notes which 
do not bear interest will differ to what is set out above, and will depend on the terms of the relevant 
Note. Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether any South 
African withholding tax implications will arise in respect of the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of Notes which give rise to the receipt or accrual of amounts which do not constitute interest. 
(vi) 
Definition of Interest 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in South African tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" 
which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or any related documentation. 
References to "person" above shall mean "person" within the meaning given in section 1 of the 
Income Tax Act. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, the participating "Member States").  However, 
Estonia has since ceased to participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating

--- Page 349 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 347 - 
70-40754199 
 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.   
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
South Africa has an inter-governmental agreements in place with the USA and has enacted local law/ 
regulation to implement FATCA. This allows South Africa to be treated as participating country and obliges 
South Africa financial institutions to report information annually on reportable US clients (or non-
compliant clients) to the South African Revenue Services (SARS). SARS submits this information to the 
USA which reciprocates with similar information (on South African tax residents who hold financial 
accounts in the US).  
The CRS became effective in South Africa on 1 March 2016. South Africa opted for the ‘wider-wider 
approach’ which means that all South African reporting financial institutions, are required to collect tax- 
related information on all clients, rather than only in respect of the 102 countries which have currently opted 
into CRS. Consistent with the FATCA reporting regime, CRS reportable information is submitted to SARS 
annually. SARS then exchanges this information with relevant countries in return for reciprocal information 
on South Africans with financial accounts in those countries.

--- Page 350 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 348 - 
70-40754199 
 
SOUTH AFRICAN EXCHANGE CONTROL REGULATIONS 
The information below is not intended as legal advice and it does not purport to describe all of the 
considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser of Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes 
who are non-South African residents or emigrants from the Common Monetary Area (defined below) are 
urged to seek further professional advice in regard to the purchase of Notes. 
Exchange controls restrict the export of capital from South Africa, Namibia and the Kingdoms of Swaziland 
and Lesotho (collectively the "Common Monetary Area"). These exchange controls are administered by 
the Financial Surveillance Department of the South African Reserve Bank (the "FSD") and regulate 
transactions involving South African residents. The purpose of exchange controls is to mitigate the decline 
of foreign capital reserves in South Africa. The Issuer expects that South African exchange controls will 
continue to operate for the foreseeable future. The South African government has, however, committed 
itself to gradually relaxing exchange controls. It is the stated objective of the South African authorities to 
achieve equality of treatment between South African residents and non-South African residents in relation 
to inflows and outflows of capital. This gradual approach towards the abolition of exchange controls 
adopted by the South African government is designed to allow the economy to adjust more smoothly to the 
removal of controls that have been in place for a considerable period of time. 
Since 1 March 2010 South African banks have been able to acquire direct and indirect foreign exposure up 
to 25 per cent. of their total liabilities (excluding total shareholder's equity), covering all foreign exposure 
but excluding foreign exposures directly related to infrastructural development and/or outward foreign 
direct investment. 
The terms of the South African Exchange Control Regulations provide, among other things, that: 
(i) 
the prior approval of the FSD is required "on a case by case basis of each note issued together with 
the terms thereof"; and 
(ii) 
no South African residents and/or their offshore subsidiaries may participate in the Notes issued 
under the Programme without specific prior approval from the FSD, however, qualifying South 
African institutional investors who utilise their pre-approved prudential offshore allowances are 
exempted and may participate in listed Notes issued in accordance with section B.2.(B)(iii) of the 
Exchange Control Rulings. 
Accordingly, the (i) issue of each Tranche of Notes and the applicable Final Terms require the prior written 
approval of the FSD and (ii) no Resident (as defined in the South African Exchange Control Regulations) 
and/or their offshore subsidiaries may subscribe for or purchase, or beneficially hold or own, any Notes, 
other than in strict compliance with the South African Exchange Control Regulations in effect from time to 
time. 
The FSD may (and is currently expected to) impose certain conditions on the issue of each Tranche of 
Notes under the Programme, for example, with regard to maturity, issue size and listing. 
For purposes of this Base Prospectus: 
"South African Exchange Control Regulations" means the Exchange Control Regulations, 1961 
(including the Exchange Control Rulings), promulgated pursuant to the South African Currency and 
Exchanges Act, 1933, and as amended from time to time.

--- Page 351 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 349 - 
70-40754199 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 17 December 2020 (the 
"Programme Agreement"), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time 
to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of 
the Notes" and the Conditions.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers 
for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form for U.S. federal tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Notes"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation 
S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which 
it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms  in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 352 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 350 - 
70-40754199 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the United 
Kingdom (each a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(i) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA").  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 353 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 351 - 
70-40754199 
 
South Africa 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not and will not offer or solicit any offers for sale or subscription 
or sell any Notes, in each case except in accordance with the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 
the South African Companies Act, 2008, the South African Banks Act, 1990, the South African Financial 
Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002 and any other applicable laws and regulations of South 
Africa in force from time to time.  In particular, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not make an 
"offer to the public" of Notes (as such expression is defined in the SA Companies Act, and which expression 
includes any section of the public), whether for subscription, purchase or sale in South Africa or to any 
person who, or which, is a Resident (as defined in the South African Exchange Control Regulations), other 
than in strict compliance with the South African Exchange Control Regulations in effect from time to time, 
and, without prejudice to the foregoing, that it will take all reasonable measures available to it to ensure 
that no Note will be purchased by, or sold to, or beneficially held or owned by, any Resident other than in 
strict compliance with the South African Exchange Control Regulations in effect from time to time.  This 
Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a prospectus prepared and registered under the 
Companies Act. Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as "advice" 
as defined in the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act")) in relation to the Notes or the Programme has been, or will be, lodged with or 
registered by the Australian Securities & Investments Commissions ("ASIC") or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it: 
(i) 
has not offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for the issue, sale 
or purchase of the debt instruments in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received 
by a person in Australia); and 
(ii) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any draft, preliminary or 
definitive offering memorandum, advertisement or other offering material relating to the 
Programme or the Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(1)  
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies, but disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the 
offer or invitation otherwise not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 
Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act and complies with the terms of any authority granted under the 
Banking Act of 1959 of Australia; 
(2) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of section 
761G of the Corporations Act; 
(3) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and 
(4)  
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it will comply with Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 dated 21 
March 2018 promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and which requires all offers 
and transfers to be in parcels of not less than AUD 500,000 in aggregate principal amount. Banking 
exemption No. 1 does not apply to transfers which occur outside Australia. 
By applying for Notes under the Base Prospectus, each person to whom Notes are issued (an "Investor"): 
(i) 
will be deemed by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to have acknowledged that if any Investor 
on-sells Notes within 12 months from their issue, the Investor will be required to lodge a prospectus 
or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) with ASIC unless either:

--- Page 354 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 352 - 
70-40754199 
 
(a) 
that sale is to an Investor that: 
(1) 
falls within one of the categories set out in sections 708(8) or 708(11) of the 
Corporations Act; and 
(A) 
is not a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations Act, 
(B) 
to whom it is lawful to offer Notes in Australia without a prospectus or 
other disclosure document lodged with ASIC; or 
(b) 
the sale offer is received outside Australia; and   
(ii) 
will be deemed by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to have undertaken not to sell those Notes in 
any circumstances other than those described in paragraphs (i)(a) and (b) above for 12 months after 
the date of issue of such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or public 
offering of any Notes in Australia. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the 
Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 355 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 353 - 
70-40754199 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer 
passed on 16 December 2020.  The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300RH5FFHO48FXT69. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the 
specified 
offices 
of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
for 
the 
time 
being 
in 
Luxembourg 
or 
at 
https://www.investec.com/en_za/corporate-investment/institutional-sales-and-structuring/pricing-
supplements.html 
and 
https://www.investec.com/en_za/welcome-to-investec/about-us/corporate-
governance.html 
 
(i) 
memorandum of incorporation of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the latest available audited financial statements of the Issuer, from time to time; 
(iii) 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or in the UK nor offered in the 
European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to 
its holding of such Notes and identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on 
the Euronext Dublin's website at www.ise.ie. 
Validity of the Base Prospectus 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 356 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 354 - 
70-40754199 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or material change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 March 2020 (the date to which the latest financial statements of the Issuer were prepared) and there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 March 2020 (the date to which the 
latest audited financial statements of the Issuer were prepared). 
Litigation 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide to Noteholders any post-issuance information regarding the Notes. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Inc. and Ernst & Young Inc., who have audited the Issuer's accounts, 
without qualification, in accordance with International Standards of Auditing for each of the financial years 
ended on 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020.  The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer's auditors are members of the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors, whose address is 
Building 2, Greenstone Hill Office Park, Emerland Boulevard, Modderfontein, South Africa. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
Issuer's website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.investec.com. Unless specifically incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 357 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 1 - 
70-40754199 
 
ISSUER 
Investec Bank Limited 
100 Grayston Drive 
Sandown 
Sandton 2196 
South Africa 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR, LUXEMBOURG PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris – 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to South African law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
ENSafrica 
35 Lower Long Street 
Foreshore 
Cape Town, 8000 
South Africa 
 
To the Trustee as to English law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
1 Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdon 
 
AUDITORS 
KPMG Inc. 
KPMG Crescent 
85 Empire Road 
Parktown 2193 
South Africa 
Ernst & Young Inc. 
Wanderers Office Park 
52 Corlett Drive  
Illovo 2196 
South Africa 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Investec Bank Limited 
100 Grayston Drive 
Sandown 
Sandton 2196 
South Africa

--- Page 358 ---
256809-4-1-v2.21 
- 2 - 
70-40754199 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Walkers Ireland Listing Services Limited 
The Exchange 
George's Dock 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland