--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 21 June 2024 
 
 
INVESCO PHYSICAL MARKETS PLC 
 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland) 
 
SECURED PRECIOUS METALS-LINKED CERTIFICATES PROGRAMME 
 
This Base Prospectus (this "Base Prospectus") has been prepared for the purpose of giving information with 
regard to the issue of secured, limited recourse certificates ("Certificates") by Invesco Physical Markets plc 
(the "Issuer") under the Secured Precious Metals-Linked Certificates Programme (the "Programme") described 
in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The aggregate number of 
Certificates outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed 1,000,000,000, provided that the 
Issuer may increase such limit from time to time (subject to compliance with the relevant Transaction 
Documents) (the "Programme Limit"). In addition, the aggregate number of Certificates in a particular Series 
which are outstanding from time to time will not exceed the number specified in the Final Terms for that Series 
(the "Maximum Issue Size"). 
 
Each Series of Certificates issued by the Issuer under this Programme will be denominated in US dollars or, in 
the case of Currency Hedged Certificates only, EUR, GBP, CHF or, subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms (US dollars or such 
other currency in which the Certificates are denominated being a "Specified Currency") and will be linked to 
a single precious metal, being gold, silver, platinum or palladium (each a "Precious Metal"). Reference prices 
for each Precious Metal are determined by electronic auctions that take place in London. ICE Benchmark 
Administration is the LBMA Gold Price and the LBMA Silver Price benchmark administrator and The London 
Metals Exchange is the LBMA Platinum and the LBMA Palladium benchmark administrator. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration is included in the register of benchmark administrators 
referred to in Article 36 of the UK version of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 which is part of UK law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and The London Metals Exchange is not included in the register of 
benchmark administrators referred to in Article 36 of the UK version of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 which is 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. In no event shall the Currency Hedged 
Certificates Counterparty be a benchmark administrator in relation to any element of the Certificates of any 
Series. As further described herein, in respect of each Series, Security will be created over the Underlying

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
Precious Metal held by the Custodian in the name of the Issuer, in favour of the Trustee for the Trustee itself 
and on trust for the other Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders of such Series). 
 
Unless previously redeemed or cancelled, each Certificate of a Series will be redeemed at the relevant Cash 
Amount on the date specified in the Final Terms relating to each Tranche of that Series of Certificates (the 
"Final Maturity Date"). The Certificates of any Series are subject to redemption in whole at any time in certain 
situations, which include certain tax and value added tax related events, the resignation or termination of the 
appointment of any specified key service providers in respect of such Series of Certificates (being the Trustee, 
the Custodian and the Portfolio Administrator), the aggregate number of outstanding Certificates of the 
particular Series falling below a specified level or, in the case of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the 
termination of the relevant hedging arrangements. The Certificates of any Series may also be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer at any time and for any reason, in whole but not in part. In addition, the holder of a Certificate 
may, by the exercise of the relevant option, require the Issuer to redeem such Certificate at the relevant Cash 
Amount or, if certain conditions for physical settlement are satisfied, by delivery of an amount of the Underlying 
Precious Metal equal to the Delivery Amount on certain designated dates and in accordance with the prescribed 
methods for delivery. See "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates—Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation". 
 
A specified pool of the relevant Precious Metal relating to a Series of Certificates (the "Underlying Precious 
Metal") and the cash balances on the Issuer's cash account in respect of that Series of Certificates will be 
available as collateral for the obligations of the Issuer to the holders of those Certificates and all other obligations 
of the Issuer attributable to that Series of Certificates. If the amounts received from the Underlying Precious 
Metal (whether or not any security granted in respect thereof has been enforced) are insufficient to make 
payment of all amounts due to the holders of the Certificates of such Series (after meeting all the expenses, 
liabilities (including tax, value added tax and indemnity payments) and remuneration of the Trustee, any 
Receiver, the Registrar, the Custodian and any other person that ranks in priority to the holders of the 
Certificates of such Series) no other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet that shortfall and all further 
claims of the holders of the Certificates of such Series will be extinguished. 
 
Payments on the Certificates will be made in the Specified Currency without deduction for or on account of taxes 
imposed or levied by Ireland to the extent described under "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates-Taxation" 
unless the withholding is required by law. 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority thereunder. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Certificates that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of any investment in the 
Certificates.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on the Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, ("MiFID II") and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
 
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") as 
competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only approves this base 
prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the UK 
version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or the quality of the Certificates that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Certificates. 
 
Investors should be aware that the "Prospectus Regulation Rules" (being the prospectus regulation rules of the 
FCA from time to time made under section 73A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) of 
the United Kingdom) and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply where Certificates are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market situated or operating within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Certificates is made to the 
public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United 
Kingdom. The Prospectus Regulation applies where Certificates are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purpose of MiFID II and/or an offer of Certificates is made to the public (within the meaning provided 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member States of the European Economic Area. 
Accordingly, investors should be aware that they will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions apply and will only have the rights afforded by the 
Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation applies. 
 
Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc., trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") 
for the Certificates to be admitted to the Official List (the "Irish Official List") and trading on its regulated 
market. Application has been made for the Certificates to be admitted to listing on the Official List maintained 
by the FCA for the purposes of Part VI of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and the Financial Services 
Act 2012 (the "London Official List") and trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange plc (the 
"London Stock Exchange"). Application has been made for certain Certificates to also be admitted to listing 
on the main segment of the SIX Swiss Exchange ("SIX"). Application has been made for certain Certificates to 
be listed for trading on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt (General Standard)) of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) (the "Frankfurt Stock Exchange"). Application 
has been made for certain Certificates to be admitted to listing on the Borsa Italiana ETFplus market of the 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A (the "Italian Stock Exchange"). Application has been made for certain Certificates to be 
admitted to listing on Euronext in Amsterdam. There can be no assurance that admission to trading on the above 
named markets will be approved. The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of any Series will specify whether 
or not such Certificates will be admitted to listing and trading on any stock

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
exchange indicated above. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Euronext Dublin, the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange, the Italian Stock Exchange and Euronext Amsterdam are regulated markets for the purposes of EU 
Directive 2014/65/EU and EU Regulation 600/2014/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (collectively 
referred to as "MiFID II"). The London Stock Exchange and SIX are not a regulated markets for the purposes 
of MiFID II. 
 
The Issuer will request the Central Bank to notify the approval of this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 
25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authorities in each of the following jurisdictions: 
 
• 
Austria; 
• 
Belgium; 
• 
Croatia; 
• 
Czech Republic; 
• 
Denmark; 
• 
Finland; 
• 
France; 
• 
Germany; 
• 
Hungary; 
• 
Italy; 
• 
Liechtenstein 
• 
Luxembourg; 
• 
The Netherlands; 
• 
Norway; 
• 
Poland 
• 
Portugal; 
• 
Slovak Republic; 
• 
Spain; 
• 
Sweden 
 
(along with Ireland, each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction" to the extent specified in the Final Terms) by providing 
them with a note of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other 
Member States of the European Economic Area with such notes whether for the purposes of making a public 
offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of the Certificates or certain Series of the Certificates 
on a regulated market therein or both.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
 
The directors of the Issuer will ensure that a key information document is issued in respect of each Series of 
Certificates, pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and the UK PRIIPs Regulation (each as defined below), as may 
be amended from time to time (the "KID"), for retail investors. EEA and UK retail investors can refer to the 
KID for the relevant Certificates for details of, principally, the purposes of the Certificates, the summary risk 
indicator performance scenarios, the summary cost indicator and recommended holding period for the relevant 
Certificates in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged 
retail and insurance-based investment products (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and the UK version of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation"), in each case as may be amended from time to time. 
 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making an investment in the Issuer and the associated 
interactions with the Issuer and its affiliates and delegates (including completing any documentation relating to 
an investment in the Certificates, and including the recording of electronic communications or phone calls 
where applicable), or by virtue of providing the Issuer with personal information on individuals connected with 
the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, 
beneficial owners or agents) such individuals will be providing the Issuer and its affiliates and delegates with 
certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection 
Legislation. ("Data Protection Legislation" means applicable data protection legislation including (where 
applicable) the EU data protection regime introduced by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 
2016/679)). 
 
The Issuer has prepared a Privacy Notice ("PN") outlining the Issuer's data protection obligations and the data 
protection rights of individuals under the Data Protection Legislation. The full PN is available on our website 
etf.invesco.com. 
 
The PN contains information on the following matters in relation to data protection: 
 
• 
that investors will provide the Issuer with certain personal information which constitutes personal data 
within the meaning of the Data Protection Legislation; 
• 
that the Issuer shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and the fact that affiliates and 
delegates, such as the Arranger, Portfolio Advisor, Portfolio Administrator and the Registrar may act 
as data processors; 
• 
a description of the lawful purposes for which the personal data may be used, namely (i) where this is 
necessary for the performance of the contract to purchase Certificates issued by the Issuer; (ii) where 
this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Issuer is subject; and/or (iii) 
where this is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Issuer or a third party and 
such legitimate interests are not overridden by the individual's interests, fundamental rights or 
freedoms; 
• 
details on the transmission of personal data, including (if applicable) to entities located outside the UK 
or EEA;

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
details of data protection measures taken by the Issuer; 
• 
an outline of the various data protection rights of individuals as data subjects under the Data Protection 
Legislation; 
• 
information on the Issuer 's policy for retention of personal data; and 
• 
contact details for further information on data protection matters. 
 
Given the specific purposes for which the Issuer envisages using personal data, under the provisions of the Data 
Protection Legislation, it is not anticipated that individual consent will be required for such use. However, as 
outlined in the PN, individuals have the right to object to the processing of their data where the Issuer has 
considered this to be necessary for the purposes of its or a third party's legitimate interests. 
 
The Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to United States tax law requirements. The Certificates are being 
offered outside the United States (as described in "Subscription and Sale") in accordance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
The Certificates of each Series issued under the Programme will be in registered form and will be represented 
by a global registered certificate (the "Global Certificate") registered in the name of a nominee for, and 
deposited with, the common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Individual certificates ("Individual 
Certificates") evidencing holdings of Certificates will only be available in certain limited circumstances. See 
"Form of Certificates". 
 
Investing in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under a particular Series of Certificates are discussed 
under "Risk Factors" below. 
 
Arranger 
 
Invesco UK Services Limited

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Where information has been indicated to have been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Certificates will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates" (the "Conditions") as completed by the relevant Final Terms. Any references in 
this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall be construed as a reference to final terms for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus must be read and 
construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and, in relation to any Tranche of Certificates, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer has confirmed to each of the Authorised Participants that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of any Series of 
Certificates) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading 
in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue and the offering and sale of any Series of Certificates) not misleading in any material respect; and all 
proper enquiries have been made to ascertain and to verify the foregoing. 
 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant. 
 
In this Base Prospectus and in relation to any Tranche, references to the "relevant Authorised Participant" are to 
whichever of the Authorised Participants enters into an agreement for the issue of the Certificates of such 
Tranche, as described in "Subscription and Sale" below and references to the "relevant Final Terms" are to the 
Final Terms relating to such Tranche. 
 
Neither the Authorised Participants nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part 
of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Certificate shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent 
to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Certificates in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Authorised Participants to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Certificates and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Certificates, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
In particular, no Certificates have been and no Certificates will be registered under the Securities Act. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Certificates and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Authorised 
Participants or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Certificates. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
 
The maximum aggregate number of Certificates outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed 1,000,000,000, provided that the Issuer may increase such limit from time to time (subject to compliance 
with the relevant Transaction Documents). 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "US$", "US dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "EUR" or "€" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as 
amended by the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, references to "GBP" or "Sterling" means the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to "CHF" or "Swiss francs" means the lawful currency 
of Switzerland. 
 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content of 
this Base Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
Certificates by any financial intermediary in any of Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, 
Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, 
Portugal, Slovak Republic, Spain, and Sweden, which is an investment firm within the meaning of MiFID II and 
which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. The Issuer has also consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus, with respect to 
subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Certificates by any financial intermediary in 
the United Kingdom, which is an investment firm within the meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Part 4A of FSMA. Such consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by 
notice published on the website of the Portfolio Adviser (etf.invesco.com). Other than the right of the Issuer to 
withdraw the consent, no other conditions are attached to the consent described in this paragraph. 
 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. Any 
financial intermediary using this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the offering must state on its website 
that it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions attached thereto. 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for public offers and admissions to trading on a regulated market in the EEA 
(for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation only) and for public offers and admissions to trading on the Main 
Market of the London Stock Exchange plc in the United Kingdom (for the purposes of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules of the United Kingdom only) by or with the consent of the 
Issuer for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the earlier of that date, 
the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins. 
 
The Certificates involve substantial risks and are suitable only for investors who: 
 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Certificates, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Certificates (including, without limitation, the accounting, legal, 
regulatory, financial and tax implications for them of such an investment) and the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Certificates and the impact the Certificates will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
• 
have sufficient financial resources to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Certificates; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Certificates and be familiar with the behaviour of the market 
of the Underlying Precious Metal relating to a particular Series of Certificates and any relevant 
financial markets; and 
 
• 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the Certificates are a suitable investment for it, it should 
consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the Certificates.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
7 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
11 
RISK FACTORS 
28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
51 
OVERVIEW OF THE GOLD, SILVER, PLATINUM AND PALLADIUM MARKETS 
52 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
63 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
64 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
118 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
125 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
126 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
148 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
150 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
151 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR 
152 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CURRENCY HEDGED CERTIFICATES COUNTERPARTY 
153 
TAXATION 
154 
OFFERS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   167 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
168 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
173

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
This overview should be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the 
Certificates should be based on consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole by the investor. 
 
Issuer 
Invesco Physical Markets Public Limited Company (the 
"Issuer"). 
 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated 
with the name Source Physical Markets plc in Ireland under 
the Irish Companies Acts 2014 with registered number 
471344. The Issuer changed its name from Source Physical 
Markets plc to Invesco Physical Markets plc on 23 March 
2018. 
 
Control of Issuer 
All the issued shares of the Issuer are held to the order of 
Vistra Capital Markets (Ireland) Limited (the "Share 
Trustee") under the terms of a declaration of trust dated 12 
June 2009 under which the Share Trustee holds them on trust 
for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no beneficial 
interest in and derives no benefit (other than its fees for acting 
as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares in the Issuer. 
 
Credit ratings 
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and the 
Certificates will not be rated. 
 
Issuer's principal activities 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is 
the issue of asset backed securities. The Issuer has established 
a programme (the "Programme"), described in the Base 
Prospectus, under which it can, from time to time, issue series 
(each, a "Series") of secured certificates (the "Certificates"). 
Each Series of Certificates will be separate (or "ring-fenced") 
from each other Series of Certificates. 
 
Admission to trading and listing 
Certificates may be admitted to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin, Frankfurt Stock Exchange , Borsa Italiana ETFplus 
market of the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), 
or Euronext Amsterdam and trading on their respective 
regulated market, or admitted to listing on the official list of 
the FCA and trading on the London Stock Exchange, and 
some may also be admitted to listing and trading on the main 
segment of SIX Swiss Exchange.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Clearing System 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may at any time make arrangements 
with other clearing and settlement systems in any 
jurisdictions to enable settlements in respect of the 
Certificates to take place (whether through a nominee or 
otherwise) in such clearing and settlement systems, in 
addition to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
 
Arranger and Advisor 
Invesco UK Services Limited, a private limited company 
established in England, will act as the arranger (the 
"Arranger") and the Advisor (the "Advisor") in respect of 
the Programme. As Arranger, Invesco UK Services Limited 
arranged the establishment of the Programme for the Issuer 
and as Advisor, Invesco UK Services Limited is principally 
responsible for providing certain advisory services. 
 
Trustee 
Intertrust Trustees Limited will act as trustee in respect of 
each Series of Certificates (the "Trustee"). The Trustee acts 
as trustee for the Certificateholders of each Series of 
Certificates and also as security trustee (holding the benefit 
of the security granted by the Issuer over certain of its assets 
in respect of a Series on trust for the Certificateholders and 
other transaction parties in respect of that Series). 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited, will 
act 
as 
portfolio 
administrator 
(the 
"Portfolio 
Administrator") in respect of each Series of Certificates. As 
Portfolio Administrator J.P. Morgan Administration Services 
(Ireland) Limited will make various non-discretionary 
determinations that affect the Certificates of a Series, 
including but not limited to, determining the Cash Amount

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
 
payable or the Delivery Amount deliverable on a redemption 
of Certificates. 
 
Precious Metals Counterparty 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will act as the precious metals 
counterparty (the "Precious Metals Counterparty") to the 
Issuer in respect of the purchase and sale of Precious Metals 
 
Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty  In respect of each Series of Currency Hedged Counterparty 
Certificates only, JP Morgan SE or an Eligible Currency 
Hedged Certificates Counterparty will act as counterparty to 
the 
Issuer 
(the 
"Currency 
Hedged 
Certificates 
Counterparty") under a hedging arrangement, pursuant to 
which the Issuer hedges its exposure to fluctuations in the 
exchange rate between the Specified Currency of that Series 
of Currency Hedged Certificates and the Metal Currency, and 
agrees to transfers of Underlying Precious Metals to and from 
the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty to reflect 
exchange rate hedging gains and losses. A worked example 
showing how the hedging mechanism works in practice is set 
out in "Overview of the Transaction Documents" below 
 
Custodian 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. will act as custodian (the 
"Custodian") in accordance with the terms of the Secured 
Custody Agreements. As Custodian, JPMorgan Chase Bank 
N.A. will open and maintain custody accounts evidencing and 
recording the Precious Metals held by the Custodian to which 
Certificates of a Series are linked, as well as the withdrawals 
from and deposits to those accounts 
 
Account Bank 
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., London Branch will act as 
account bank (the "Account Bank") in respect of each Series 
of Certificates. As Account Bank JPMorgan Chase Bank 
N.A., London Branch will conduct certain money 
management functions for the Issuer in relation to all Series 
of Certificates. 
 
Principal Paying Agent 
J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited has 
agreed to act as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent") in respect of those Series of Certificates in 
respect of which it has been appointed from time to time. As

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
 
principal paying agent it has agreed to arrange certain 
payments in respect of any such Certificates. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Principal Paying Agent has not 
been appointed in relation to any Series of Certificates. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may, in respect of any Series of 
Certificates, in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Documents applicable to such Series, appoint a Paying Agent 
or additional Paying Agents to perform the functions or 
services in respect of any Series of Certificates. For so long 
as the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate 
which is registered in the name of a nominee for, and 
deposited with, the common depositary for a Clearing 
System, Citibank Europe plc (the "ICSD Paying Agent") will 
act as paying agent in respect of the Certificates. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, no Paying Agent has been 
appointed in respect of any Individual Certificates which may 
be issued. The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid all 
payments in respect of any such Individual Certificates in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
 
Global Custodian 
J.P. Morgan SE, Dublin Branch (the "Global Custodian") 
will establish and maintain cash and securities accounts in the 
name of the Issuer and perform settlement functions in 
relation to the Certificates on the instructions of the Issuer and 
its authorised persons. 
 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited will 
act as registrar (the "Registrar") in respect of each Series of 
Certificates for so long as that Series is represented by a 
Global Certificate which is registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and deposited with, the common depositary for 
a Clearing System. As Registrar, it will provide registrar and 
transfer agency services to the Issuer in connection with the 
Certificates. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
registrar has been appointed in respect of any Individual 
Certificates which may be issued. The Issuer is required 
pursuant to the Conditions to procure that a register is kept in 
respect of any such Individual Certificates.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorised Participants 
Each entity appointed as an authorised participant under the 
Programme (each an "Authorised Participant") is 
authorised to subscribe for the Certificates of a Series in 
respect of which they are acting as Authorised Participants in 
consideration of cash payment, the transfer of Precious Metal 
or a combination of both. A Series of Certificates may have 
different Authorised Participants to the other Series, and the 
Authorised Participants for a particular Series will be 
specified in the Final Terms for that Series. 
 
Terms and conditions of the offer 
Offers and sales of the Certificates to an investor by an 
Authorised Participant will be made in accordance with any 
terms and other arrangements in place between such 
Authorised Participant and such investor including as to 
price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Arranger will be a party to any such 
arrangements with investors and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms may not contain such 
information and, in such case, an investor must obtain such 
information from the relevant Authorised Participant. 
Prospective investors should however note the following: 
 
Amount of the offer 
The number of Certificates subject to the offer will be 
determined on the basis of the demand for the Certificates and 
prevailing market conditions and be published, provided that 
the aggregate number of all Certificates of any and all Series 
outstanding from time to time shall not in any event exceed 
1,000,000,000 provided that the Issuer may increase such 
limit from time to time (subject to compliance with the 
relevant Transaction Documents (as defined in the terms and 
conditions of the Certificates)) (the "Programme Limit"). In 
addition, the aggregate number of Certificates in a particular 
Series which are outstanding from time to time will not 
exceed the number specified in the Final Terms for that Series 
(the "Maximum Issue Size"). 
 
Offer Price 
The offer price per Certificate will be equal to the Issue Price 
specified in the Final Terms, subject to any applicable fees 
and commissions of the person offering such Certificate.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
 
Offer Period 
Certificates may be offered to an investor at any time between 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series of Certificates 
and the Final Maturity Date of such Series. 
 
Minimum Denomination 
The Certificates are being treated by the Issuer for the 
purposes of Annexes 14 and 19 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 as amended and 
of the UK version of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 which is part of UK law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as having a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Description of underlying assets 
The underlying assets for a Series of Certificates is the 
specified pool of a particular Precious Metal recorded in the 
relevant custody accounts of the Issuer with the Custodian 
from time to time. On any date, such pool is expected to 
comprise an amount of the relevant Precious Metal no less 
than the aggregate of the Per Certificate Entitlement to such 
Precious Metal for all outstanding Certificates of such Series. 
The assets also include the Issuer's rights, title and interest in 
and to the transaction documents relating to the Programme, 
including, in respect of the Currency Hedged Certificates 
only, the hedging arrangements 
 
Structure of the transaction 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Series of Certificates 
under the Programme. Only an Authorised Participant may 
subscribe for the Certificates. 
 
The issue price of the Certificates of a Series will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Authorised 
Participants at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
The value of the Certificates of a Series will be affected by 
movements in the price of the Underlying Precious Metal as 
measured in US dollars. On redemption a Certificateholder is 
entitled to receive (a) the Cash Amount (as defined below) or 
(b) a transfer of the Delivery Amount (as defined below) 
(provided certain conditions are satisfied).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, certain Series of Certificates may be subject to a 
foreign exchange hedge. These are known as "Currency 
Hedged Certificates". The foreign exchange hedge seeks to 
reduce the exposure of the Certificates to exchange rate 
fluctuations between the currency in which the Currency 
Hedged Certificates are denominated and the currency in 
which the relevant Underlying Precious Metal is typically 
quoted. The currency in which the relevant Underlying 
Precious Metal is typically quoted is known as the "Metal 
Currency". It does this by reflecting the effect of a notional 
forward sale of the Metal Currency and purchase of the 
currency in which the Currency Hedged Certificates are 
denominated. The foreign exchange hedge may result in gains 
or losses. Such gains or losses will be reflected in the Per 
Certificate Entitlement and will therefore impact the value per 
Currency Hedged Certificate. This gain or loss aims to help 
offset any loss or gain in the value of the Currency Hedged 
Certificate (expressed in the Specified Currency) that is 
attributable to FX movements. However, the foreign 
exchange hedge will not perfectly offset such FX movements, 
owing primarily to transaction costs and the manner in which 
FX transactions are traded. 
 
Where there are gains and the Per Certificate Entitlement 
consequently increases, the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty will deliver additional Precious Metal 
equivalent to such increase. Where there are losses and the 
Per Certificate Entitlement consequently decreases, the Issuer 
will be required to deliver Precious Metal equivalent to such 
decrease to the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty. 
All such payments will be in the form of Precious Metal and 
will happen on every business day. 
 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the 
structure as currently in place appears below:

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
Metal to meet 
any foreign 
exchange gains 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The value of the Certificates of a Series is linked to the price of 
the Underlying Precious Metal. 
 
On redemption, a Certificateholder will, in respect of a 
Certificate, receive on a date on or before the third business 
day following the relevant Eligible Redemption Valuation 
Date (being any business day) (in each case the "Settlement 
Date"): 
 
1. 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by 
the Portfolio Administrator equal to the amount of 
cash received by the Issuer in respect of the sale of the 
relevant amount of the Underlying Precious Metal in 
respect of such Certificates less all expenses, fees and 
charges incurred or to be incurred by the Issuer in 
respect of such redemption, subject to a minimum of 
US$0.01 or, in the case of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, the lowest amount of the relevant 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency (and, in the case of EUR, means EUR 
0.01) (the "Cash Amount") provided that, in 
Trustee 
Holds Security for the 
benefit of Certificate 
holders 
HEDGING 
ARRANGMENTS 
Investor 
Purchases 
Invesco 
Certificates on 
exchange or 
through market 
counterparty 
Cash or 
precious 
metal 
Authorised 
Participant(s) 
Delivers cash 
and/or precious 
metal to the 
Issuer. 
certificate 
Issuer 
Portfolio 
Administrator (on 
behalf of the Issuer) 
purchases Underlying 
Precious Metals 
through the Precious 
Metals Counterparty 
Metal to pay 
transaction costs and 
Current 
Hedged 
Certificates 
Counterparty 
Cash or 
precious 
metal 
Underlying Precious 
Metal 
(held by Custodian on 
behalf of Issuer)

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
 
respect of Currency Hedged Certificates, if the Issuer 
or the Portfolio Adviser on its behalf determines that 
there is a material disruption of trading or conversion 
or payments affecting the relevant Specified 
Currency, the Cash Amount may be paid in the 
currency of the sale proceeds of the relevant 
Underlying Precious Metal; 
 
or, if requested by the Certificateholder and certain conditions 
being fulfilled, 
 
2. 
an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal 
determined by the Portfolio Administrator equal to: 
 
3. 
the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement to the 
Underlying Precious Metal at the relevant Eligible 
Redemption Valuation Date; less 
 
4. 
an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal equal in 
value (as determined by the Portfolio Administrator by 
reference to prevailing market conditions) to all 
expenses, fees and charges incurred or to be incurred in 
connection with such redemption, 
 
(the "Delivery Amount"). 
 
Where an Authorised Participant subscribes for a Certificate 
either wholly or partially in consideration for the transfer of 
Precious Metal, the Certificate is only issued to the 
Authorised Participant upon settlement of the transfer of the 
Precious Metal to the Issuer. Similarly, where an Authorised 
Participant redeems a Certificate via Physical Settlement, the 
Delivery Amount is not released to the Authorised Participant 
until the Certificate has been delivered to the Issuer. 
 
Restrictions on free transferability 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
or sale of the Certificates in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Authorised Participants to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. The Certificates

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
 
have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. 
 
Security and status 
The Certificates constitute secured, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer. The Certificates of a Series will at all 
times rank without preference or priority pari passu amongst 
themselves. 
 
The Certificates of each Series will be secured pursuant to the 
security deed entered into by the Trustee and the Issuer in 
respect of such Series (each a "Security Deed") in favour of 
the Trustee for itself and for the other parties listed and 
entitles to payment in the Payment Priorities (the "Secured 
Creditors"), as follows: 
 
(a) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title 
and interest in and to the Underlying Precious Metal 
from time to time standing to the credit of the 
unallocated account of the Issuer with the Custodian, 
in which the Custodian holds the Underlying Precious 
Metal on an unallocated basis (the "Secured 
Unallocated Account") and all rights and sums 
derived therefrom from time to time; 
 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title 
and interest in and to the Underlying Precious Metal 
from time to time standing to the credit of the 
unallocated account of the Issuer with the Custodian, 
in which the Custodian holds the Underlying Precious 
Metal to which the Certificates are linked, on an 
allocated basis (the "Secured Allocated Account") 
and all rights and sums derived therefrom from time 
to time; 
 
(c) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title 
and interest in and to the cash account in respect of the 
Series (the "Issuer Cash Account"); and

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's rights, 
title and interest in and to each of the transaction 
documents relating to the Programme to the extent that 
they relate to the Certificates and any sums payable 
thereunder including the Issuer's rights to any sums 
held by any other party thereto to meet payments due 
in respect of the Certificates, but only to the extent that 
the same relates to the Certificates. 
 
(collectively, the "Security"). 
 
Order of Priorities 
The claims of the Certificateholders and the other Secured 
Creditors in respect of the Certificates of a Series will rank in 
accordance with the following order of priorities (the 
"Payment Priorities"): 
 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of any taxes and 
statutory fees owing by the Issuer to any tax authority; 
 
(ii) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities properly incurred by 
and any indemnity payments owed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the 
trusts created by the Trust Deed and Security Deed 
relating the relevant Series (including any amounts 
representing or otherwise in respect of VAT, the costs 
of realising any Security and the Trustee's 
remuneration; 
 
(iii) 
third, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and 
rateably of all amounts due and unpaid (including any 
amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) 
by the Issuer to the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Custodian, the Precious Metals Counterparty, Account 
Bank and the Portfolio Administrator in respect of the 
Certificates as well as, if the Certificates are Currency 
Hedged Certificates, in payment of any amounts 
owing 
to 
the 
Currency 
Hedged 
Certificates 
Counterparty in respect of the hedging arrangements 
(or in the cash equivalent of any amounts of Precious 
Metal deliverable thereunder);

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
fourth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and 
rateably of all amounts due and unpaid (including any 
amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) 
by the Issuer to the Portfolio Adviser; 
 
(v) 
fifth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably 
of all amounts then due and unpaid (including any 
amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) 
in respect of the Certificates to the Certificateholders; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and 
rateably of all other amounts due and unpaid 
(including any amounts representing or otherwise in 
respect of VAT) by the Issuer to any other transaction 
party in respect of the Certificates; and 
 
(vii) 
seventh, in payment of any balance to the Issuer. 
 
Limited Recourse 
In respect of any Series of Certificates, the Certificateholders 
shall have recourse only to the property of the Issuer which is 
subject to the Security (the "Secured Property") in respect of 
such Series of Certificates. If the net proceeds of the 
realisation of the Secured Property are not sufficient to make 
all payments due in respect of the Certificates and due to each 
other creditor relating to the Certificates, no other assets of 
the Issuer will be available to meet such shortfall, the claims 
of the Certificateholders and any other creditors relating to the 
Certificates in respect of any such shortfall shall be 
extinguished. No party will be able to petition for the winding- 
up of the Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall. 
 
Interest 
The Certificates will not bear interest. 
 
Final Redemption 
All Certificates of a given Series that have not been 
previously redeemed or purchased or cancelled will be 
redeemed on the date specified in the Final Terms relating to 
that Series as the final maturity date (the "Final Maturity 
Date") by payment of the relevant Cash Amount (as defined 
above) in respect of such Certificates.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Certificate Events of 
Default") occurs, the Trustee shall, if so directed and may, at 
its discretion, give notice to the Issuer that the Certificates are, 
and they shall immediately become, due and payable: 
 
1. 
the Issuer fails to pay any amounts due in respect of 
the Certificates or deliver any Underlying Precious 
Metal due in respect of the Certificates within 5 
business days of the due date for payment or delivery, 
other than as contemplated by the conditions of the 
Certificates; 
 
2. 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance 
of any of its other obligations under the Certificates or 
any of the other documents relating to the issue of the 
Certificates or any of the covenants of the Issuer 
contained in the trust deed between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Portfolio Adviser which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee 
capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee 
remedied within 30 days after notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; 
 
3. 
an insolvency event occurs in relation to the Issuer; or 
 
4. 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with any of its obligations under or in 
respect of the Certificates or any of the other 
documents relating to the issue of the Certificates. 
 
Certificateholder Optional Redemption 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Certificateholder, redeem 
some or all of the Certificates held by such Certificateholder 
in respect of any Eligible Redemption Valuation Date by 
payment of the relevant Cash Amount on the relevant 
Settlement Date ("Cash Settlement"), unless (i) it is 
specified in the redemption notice that the Certificateholder 
is electing for settlement by the transfer of the Delivery 
Amount of the relevant Underlying Precious Metal 
("Physical Settlement"), (ii) the relevant redemption notice 
specifies the number and account name of an unallocated 
account in London with a member of the LBMA or the LPPM

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
 
where the relevant Delivery Amount should be delivered; and 
(iii) the relevant redemption notice contains a representation 
and warranty from the Certificateholder that (a) it is not a 
UCITS fund; and (b) the request for Physical Settlement and 
acceptance of the Delivery Amount is in accordance with all 
laws and regulations applicable to the Certificateholder. 
 
Optional Redemption in whole 
The Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Certificates in respect of any Eligible Redemption Valuation 
Date by payment of the relevant Cash Amount on the relevant 
Settlement Date, provided the Issuer has given not less than 60 
days' notice of its intention to redeem all of the Certificates 
on such Eligible Redemption Valuation Date to the Trustee, 
the Certificateholders, other parties to the transaction 
documents relating to the Programme and any stock exchange 
on which the Certificates are listed. 
 
Mandatory Redemption 
The Issuer shall instruct the Portfolio Administrator to sell all 
of the Secured Property and apply the sales proceeds (less all 
expenses, fees and charges) in accordance with the Payment 
Priorities and redeem each outstanding Certificate, in the 
event of: 
 
1. 
changes in tax law which may result in withholding to 
be applied to payments made by the Issuer in respect 
of the Certificates, the cost of the Issuer complying 
with its obligations in respect of the Programme being 
material increased or result in an increased VAT cost 
to the Issuer; 
 
2. 
the resignation or termination of the appointment of 
the Trustee, Custodian or Portfolio Administrator and 
a successor is not appointed within the prescribed 
timeframe; 
 
3. 
if at any time the Portfolio Administrator determines 
and notifies the Issuer that the aggregate number of 
Certificates outstanding on any day after the first 
anniversary of the issue date of the first Tranche of 
Certificates is less than 1,000,000; or

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
 
4. 
in respect of each Series of Currency Hedged Certificates 
only, if the relevant hedging arrangements have been 
terminated in whole and the Issuer has not entered into 
replacement hedging arrangements with a successor 
Eligible Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty 
on or prior to the effective date of such termination. 
 
Per Certificate Entitlement 
The "Per Certificate Entitlement" means (i) in respect of 
Certificates that are not Currency Hedged Certificates the per 
Certificate entitlement to the underlying Precious Metal 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Initial Per Certificate 
Entitlement") which is thereafter reduced by the Reduction 
Percentage and (ii) in respect of Currency Hedged 
Certificates only, on a Business Day, (a) the Per Certificate 
Entitlement in respect of the immediately preceding Business 
Day (or, where there is no such prior Per Certificate 
Entitlement, the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement specified in 
the Final Terms to the Underlying Precious Metal), plus (b) 
(x) the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that Business Day 
divided by (y) the Metal Reference Price for that Business 
Day plus, where the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that 
Business Day is positive, the Metal Transaction Cost for that 
Business Day and, where the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for 
that Business Day is negative, minus the Metal Transaction 
Cost for that Business Day, and (c) which is thereafter 
reduced by the Reduction Percentage. Expenses chargeable 
to Certificateholders In connection with the redemption of 
any Certificate at the option of a Certificateholder, a 
redemption notice fee of up to US$500.00 will be payable by 
the relevant Certificateholder 
 
The Cash Amount payable or the Delivery Amount 
deliverable, as applicable, in respect of any redemption is 
calculated net of all expenses, fees and charges incurred or to 
be incurred in connection therewith. 
 
From time to time, in respect of Certificates of any particular 
Series, a portion of the Underlying Precious Metal equal to 
the aggregate of the daily amounts by which the Per 
Certificate Entitlement to such Underlying Precious Metal 
has been reduced by the Reduction Percentage over the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant period (the "Combined Fees" for such Series) will 
be withdrawn from the relevant Secured Custody Accounts 
and sold on behalf of the Issuer and the proceeds thereof, in 
the normal course, paid to the Portfolio Adviser in 
consideration for its services as Portfolio Adviser and also its 
agreement to pay the fees and expenses due to the other 
service providers in connection with the Programme (but not 
including any indemnities granted in favour of the other 
service providers). 
 
"Reduction Percentage" means: 
 
(a) 
in respect of a particular Series of Certificates other 
than a Series of Currency Hedged Certificates, the 
percentage rate specified in the Final Terms by which 
the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement will reduce on a 
daily basis on the assumption that the daily rate will 
be the per annum rate divided by 365 and applied 
accordingly; and 
 
(b) 
in respect of a particular Series of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, the percentage rate specified in the Final 
Terms by which the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement, 
and subsequently the Per Certificate Entitlement 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
hedging 
arrangements, will reduce on each Business Day on 
the assumption that the rate will be the per annum rate 
divided by 365 and applied on each Business Day in 
respect of the number of calendar days frombut 
excluding the previous Business Day to and including 
that Business Day, and which shall consist of a base 
percentage and a FX hedging fee percentage, with the 
Reduction Percentage attributable to the FX hedging 
fee percentage being paid to the Currency Hedged 
Certificates Counterparty on a monthly basis by or on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of Certificates will be made free and 
clear of withholding taxes of the Issuer's jurisdiction, unless 
the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the paying agent(s) or any other agent of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer (as the case may be) shall make such payments after 
such tax deduction and shall account to the relevant 
authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted. 
 
Neither the Issuer, the Trustee, the paying agent(s) nor any 
other agent of the Issuer will be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts to the Certificateholders as a result of any such tax 
deduction. 
 
Governing law 
The Certificates, the Trust Deed, the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Global Custody 
Agreement will be governed by Irish law. All other 
transaction documents relating to the Programme will be 
governed by English law. 
 
Issue Specific Summary 
An issue-specific summary prepared in accordance with 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus 
Regulation will be appended to the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Certificates (each an "Issue Specific Summary").

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Certificates. 
However, the Issuer does not represent that the factors below regarding the risks of investment in the 
Certificates are exhaustive. 
 
A Certificateholder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in the Certificates. 
 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Certificates are also described below. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Certificates, but the inability of the Issuer to pay amounts due on the Certificates or perform other obligations 
on or in connection with the Certificates may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
Before making an investment decision with respect to the Certificates, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and/or tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Certificates and consider such an investment decision in the 
light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances. 
 
1. 
Risks related to the Underlying Precious Metal and Foreign Exchange Hedging 
 
1.1 
Risk of adverse price movements in relation to the Underlying Precious Metal 
 
The Certificates are securities which on redemption entitle the holder to receive (a) a cash payment 
which is linked to the value of an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal reflecting the Per 
Certificate Entitlement to such Underlying Precious Metal at the relevant time or (b) a transfer of the 
relevant amount of Underlying Precious Metal if the conditions for Physical Settlement are satisfied. 
Each Series of Certificates therefore carries risks linked to the value of the Underlying Precious Metal 
relating to that Series in the same way that a direct investment in such Precious Metal would, and 
investors should be aware that substantially all of their investment may be lost.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
 
The value of the Certificates of a particular Series will be affected by movements in the price of the 
Precious Metal relating to such Series, as measured in US dollars and, in the case of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, movements in the foreign exchange market with respect to the relevant Currency Pair. The 
value of the Certificates of a particular Series may fluctuate widely and may be affected by factors 
beyond the Issuer's control including: 
 
(a) 
the market price, value and/or volatility of the Precious Metal relating to such Series; 
 
(b) 
global or regional political conditions and economic, financial and political, regulatory or 
judicial events that affect markets generally and which may affect the market price of the 
Precious Metal relating to such Series. In particular, the conflict in Ukraine since February 
2022 has resulted in increased precious metal price volatility that may have an impact on 
the market price of the Certificates. Sanctions imposed on the purchase and sale of precious 
metal produced in Russia may impact the liquidity of the metal. It is also possible for 
industrialised nations to impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. 
This can directly and indirectly impact precious metal prices. Furthermore, precious metal 
producers may establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence 
prices; 
 
(c) 
investors' expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation and movements in world 
equity, financial and property markets; 
 
(d) 
the value of the US dollar relative to other currencies, and in relation to Currency Hedged 
Certificates in particular, movements in the foreign exchange market with respect to the 
relevant Specified Currency; 
 
(e) 
global supply and demand of the Precious Metal relating to such Series, which is influenced 
by factors such as mine production and net forward selling activities by producers of the 
such Precious Metal, central bank purchases and sales, jewellery demand and the supply of 
recycled jewellery, net investment demand and industrial demand, net of recycling; 
 
(f) 
periods of shortage in the supply of the Precious Metal relating to such Series may cause the 
relevant markets for such Precious Metal to suffer increased levels of volatility or market 
disruption. Whilst this can be the case for all Precious Metals, it is particularly so for 
platinum and palladium. Such increased levels of volatility or market disruption may have 
a number of consequences, including causing the market price of such Precious Metal to 
increase or for the bid offer spread for such Precious Metal to widen (reflecting, among 
other things, changes in the futures market for such Precious Metal caused by such increased 
volatility or market disruption); and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
changes in interest rates and factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on 
which the Precious Metal relating to such Series may be traded. 
 
Some or all of these factors may influence the price investors will receive if an investor sells or 
redeems Certificates. For example, investors may have to sell or redeem certain Certificates at a 
substantial loss if the market price or value of the Underlying Precious Metal is at, below, or not 
sufficiently above the initial market price or value. 
 
1.2 
Impact of epidemics and pandemics 
 
Outbreaks of infectious diseases may have a negative impact on the performance of the Certificates. 
For example, on 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (WHO) 
announced that the WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease COVID-19 
and its subsequent mutations ("COVID-19") as a pandemic. This led to borders closing, restrictions 
on movement of people, quarantines, cancellations of transportation and other services, disruptions 
to supply chains, businesses and customer activity, as well as general concern and uncertainty. While 
widescale vaccination programmes are now in place in many countries and many national 
governments and other authorities have eased many of the restrictions that were previously imposed, 
restrictions continue to be imposed in certain locations and there can be no assurance that authorities 
who have eased restrictions will not impose new restrictions in the future to protect populations from 
variants of COVID-19 or other infectious diseases. While it is difficult to predict how these steps, and 
public sentiment, will affect the prices of the Underlying Precious Metal and hence the price of the 
Certificates, the prices and volatility of commodity prices may be affected and such effects may be 
significant and may be long-term in nature. Other epidemics and pandemics that may arise in the 
future could also have a similar effect and the extent of the impact cannot be foreseen at the present 
time. 
 
1.3 
Risk that agreements between central banks in Europe may not be renewed 
 
Certain central banks have a significant history of entering into gold agreements with each other. These 
agreements are intended to stabilise the gold market and limit the aggregate amount of gold which 
the collective signatories are allowed to sell during certain time periods. However, there can be no 
guarantee that any existing gold agreements will remain in place or be renewed upon expiry or that 
future agreements will be entered into on similar terms. Any change in such arrangements or failure to 
renew existing arrangements may lead to substantial sales of gold on the open market, a decrease in 
the market price of gold and therefore a decrease in the value of the Certificates linked to gold (and 
possibly Certificates linked to other Precious Metals).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
 
 
1.4 
Risk that Underlying Precious Metal could be lost, stolen or damaged and that the Custodian may 
not have adequate insurance in place 
 
Except as described in paragraph 1.6 below, any Underlying Precious Metal will be held by the 
Custodian at its London vault premises. Access to any Underlying Precious Metal held by the 
Custodian and/or a sub-custodian could be restricted by natural events (such as earthquakes or 
flooding) or human actions (such as wars or terrorist attacks). 
 
The Custodian has no obligation to insure any Underlying Precious Metal credited to any Secured 
Unallocated Account against any risks. The Custodian will, in the Secured Allocated Accounts 
Agreement, agree to insure any Underlying Precious Metal standing to the credit of each Secured 
Allocated Account against any risk (including the risk of loss, damage, destruction or mis-delivery). 
However, such insurance will be on such terms and conditions as the Custodian considers appropriate 
and the Issuer will be responsible for all costs, fees and expenses (including any relevant Taxes) in 
relation thereto. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee is responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance 
arrangements have been made, or for insuring any Underlying Precious Metal held by the Custodian 
for the Issuer, and neither are required to make any enquiries regarding such matters. 
 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Underlying Precious Metal for a Series of Certificates could be 
lost, stolen or damaged that the Custodian's insurance coverage may not be sufficient to satisfy the 
claim. In those circumstances, the Issuer may not be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
Certificates. 
 
1.5 
Risk that the Custodian's records may be inaccurate due to human or information technology errors 
 
The quantity of Precious Metal held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer in respect of a Series of 
Certificates is recorded in the account balances of the Secured Allocated Account and the Secured 
Unallocated Account for that Series of Certificates. Such account balances are maintained by the 
Custodian's employees on the Custodian's computer systems. In the event that there are computer 
system failures or human errors in making the relevant entries for the purposes of such account 
balances, it may be difficult and time-consuming to determine the accuracy of the entries, especially 
following the insolvency of the Custodian. Accordingly, in those circumstances there is a risk that 
the Issuer may not be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Certificates, or could be delayed 
in doing so. 
 
1.6 
The Custodian has limited responsibility for the performance of any sub-custodians 
 
The Custodian may, from time to time, appoint one or more sub-custodians to perform its duties in 
respect of the custody and safekeeping of the Precious Metals. In accordance with the Secured 
Allocated Accounts Agreement, provided that the Custodian uses reasonable care in the selection of 
such sub-custodians and does not act negligently or in bad faith in making such appointment, the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
 
Custodian is not be liable for any act or omission, or for the solvency, of any sub-custodian it appoints. 
Should any act or omission, or any change in the solvency, of any sub-custodian result in a loss to 
Certificateholders, the Custodian will not be liable to Certificateholders for such loss. 
 
Furthermore, under the Secured Custody Agreements, except for the Custodian's obligation to make 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain delivery of the relevant Underlying Precious Metal from 
any sub-custodians, the Custodian will not be liable in contract, tort or otherwise for any loss, damage 
or expense arising directly or indirectly from an act or omission, or insolvency, of any sub-custodian 
any further delegate of such sub-custodian unless the appointment of that sub-custodian was made by 
the Custodian negligently or in bad faith. There are expected to be no written contractual arrangements 
between sub-custodians that hold the Underlying Precious Metal and the Issuer or the Custodian, 
because traditionally such arrangements are based on the rules of the LBMA or the LPPM as 
appropriate, and on the customs and practices of the London Bullion Market or the LPPM, as 
appropriate. In the event of a legal dispute with respect to or arising from such arrangements, it may 
be difficult to define such customs and practice. The rules of the LBMA and the LPPM, as appropriate, 
may be subject to change outside the control of the Issuer. Under English law, neither the Issuer nor 
the Custodian would have a supportable breach of contract claim against a sub-custodian for losses 
relating to the safekeeping of Underlying Precious Metal. If the Underlying Precious Metal is lost or 
damaged while in the custody of a sub-custodian, the Issuer might not be able to recover damages 
from the Custodian or the sub-custodian. 
 
1.7 
The Custodian's liability to the Issuer is limited and the Issuer may not have adequate sources of 
recovery if the Underlying Precious Metal is lost, damaged, stolen or destroyed 
 
The liability of the Custodian in respect of the Certificates of any Series is limited under the Secured 
Custody Agreements. In accordance with those terms, the Custodian is only be liable for losses that are 
the result of its own negligence, fraud or wilful default in the performance of its custodial duties. Any 
such liability is further limited to the market value of any Underlying Precious Metals held in the 
Secured Allocated Accounts with the Custodian or credited to the Secured Unallocated Accounts with 
the Custodian, as the case may be, at the time of such negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
 
In addition, the Custodian is not be liable in respect of the Certificates of any Series for any delay in 
performance or any non-performance of any of its obligations under the Secured Custody Agreements 
by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, war or terrorism. As a 
result, the recourse of the Issuer , under English law, is limited. Furthermore, under English common 
law, no Custodian nor any sub-custodian will be liable for any delay in the performance or any non- 
performance of its custodial obligations by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control. 
 
If the Underlying Precious Metal is lost, damaged, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering 
a party liable to the Issuer, the responsible party might not have the financial resources sufficient to 
satisfy the Issuer's claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer might be limited to the Custodian or one or more sub-custodians or, to the extent 
identifiable, other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the 
financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of the Issuer. 
 
The Certificateholders do not have a direct right under the Secured Custody Agreements to assert a 
claim of the Issuer against the Custodian or any sub-custodian; such claims may only be asserted by 
the Issuer (subject to any assignment of the Issuer's rights under the Secured Custody Agreements to 
the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Creditors under the Security Deed). 
 
1.8 
Any Underlying Precious Metal held in connection with any Series of Certificates might not meet 
the fineness and weight required by the standards of the LBMA or LPPM, meaning that the 
Underlying Precious Metal might be worth less than expected thereby reducing the value of the 
Certificates of such Series 
 
Neither the Trustee nor the Custodian independently confirms the fineness and weight of the 
Underlying Precious Metal for a Series of Certificates. The Underlying Precious Metal may be 
different from the reported fineness or weight required by the standard of the LBMA or LPPM, as 
appropriate, for quantities of the relevant Precious Metal delivered in settlement of a trade in such 
Precious Metal, in which case the value of the Certificates of each Series linked to such Underlying 
Precious Metal might decrease. 
 
1.9 
Underlying Precious Metals held in the Secured Unallocated Account of the Issuer with the 
Custodian will not be segregated from the Custodian's assets. If the Custodian becomes insolvent, 
its assets may not be adequate to satisfy a claim by the Issuer. In addition, in the event of the 
Custodian's insolvency, there may be a delay and costs incurred in identifying the Underlying 
Precious Metal held in the Secured Allocated Accounts of the Issuer with the Custodian 
 
Underlying Precious Metals will be held for a time in the Secured Unallocated Accounts in connection 
with the following: (a) the initial issue of a Series of Certificates and deposit of the Underlying 
Precious Metal, pending transfer to the relevant Secured Allocated Account; (b) the withdrawal of the 
Underlying Precious Metal in connection with accrued fees and expenses; and (c) any redemption of 
Certificates. During those times, the Issuer will have no proprietary rights to any specific quantities of 
any Precious Metal held by the Custodian and will be an unsecured creditor of the Custodian with 
respect to the amount of the Precious Metal held in the relevant Secured Unallocated Account in 
respect of a particular Series. 
 
The Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement contains a standing instruction to the Custodian to the 
effect that, by the close of business (London time) on each Business Day, the Custodian will transfer 
to each Secured Allocated Account the amount of each Underlying Precious Metal standing to the 
credit of each Secured Unallocated Account such that the amount of each Underlying Precious Metal 
that remains standing to the credit of the relevant Secured Unallocated Account after any transfers on

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
 
that day does not exceed 430 fine troy ounces, in respect of gold, 1,000 troy ounces in respect of silver, 
100 troy ounces in respect of platinum or 100 troy ounces in respect of palladium. In addition, if the 
Custodian fails to allocate the Underlying Precious Metal in a timely manner, in the proper amounts, 
or if a sub-custodian fails to so segregate Underlying Precious Metal held by it on behalf of the Issuer, 
unallocated Precious Metal will not be segregated from the Custodian's assets, and the Issuer will be 
an unsecured creditor of the Custodian with respect to the amount so held in the event of the insolvency 
of the Custodian. In the event the Custodian becomes insolvent, the Custodian's assets might not be 
adequate to satisfy a claim by the Issuer for the amount of Underlying Precious Metal held in the 
relevant Secured Unallocated Account. 
 
In the case of the insolvency of the Custodian, a liquidator may seek to freeze access to the Underlying 
Precious Metals held in all of the accounts maintained by the Custodian, including the Secured 
Allocated Accounts. Although the Issuer would be able to claim ownership of properly allocated 
Underlying Precious Metals, the Issuer could incur expenses in connection with asserting such claims, 
and the assertion of such a claim by the liquidator could delay redemptions and settlement of 
Certificates. 
 
1.10 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
 
At any time, the price at which the Certificates of any Series trade on any exchange to which they may 
be admitted from time to time may not reflect accurately the price of the Underlying Precious Metal 
represented by such Series of Certificates. The procedures set out in this document for the issue and 
redemption of Certificates will help limit this difference (or "tracking error"). However, this risk 
cannot be fully eliminated since the market price will be, in part, a function of supply and demand 
amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Certificates. In the case of Currency Hedged Certificates 
in particular, the Per Certificate Entitlement incorporates a currency hedging component which will 
affect how closely those Certificates will track the price of the relevant Underlying Precious Metal. 
 
1.11 
Impact of Foreign Exchange Hedging 
 
In relation to Currency Hedged Certificates, the Per Certificate Entitlement will include a currency 
hedging component. The formula for the calculation of the Per Certificate Entitlement for such 
Certificates will reflect the effect of a rolling currency hedge generally entered into on each Business 
Day. Such currency hedge typically involves the notional forward sale of US Dollars and purchase of 
the currency in which the relevant Certificates are denominated and is designed to reduce the exposure 
of a holder of a Currency Hedged Certificate to movements in the exchange rate between the Specified 
Currency and the Metal Currency. However, such hedges do not fully eliminate exchange rate risks 
or fluctuations and, depending on movements in exchange rates and transaction costs associated with 
entry into such hedges, such currency hedging might have a negative impact on the value of the 
relevant Certificates.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
2. 
Risks related to the Certificates 
 
2.1 
There may not be an active trading market for the Certificates 
 
If Certificates are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering 
price, depending upon the market for similar securities and general economic conditions. The market 
for trading of Certificates of one Series may differ from the market, if any, of any other Series of 
Certificates and the performance of one Series of Certificates may not be indicative of how any other 
Series of Certificates will perform. 
 
Although application(s) has been made to admit the Certificates for trading on regulated market(s), 
there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted or that an active trading market will 
develop. Once listed, there is no guarantee that the Certificates will remain listed and the trading of 
the Certificates on the relevant regulated market may be suspended. Accordingly, there is no 
assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any Series of Certificates. 
 
Even if a market develops, liquidity is not guaranteed, or it may be discontinued at any time. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Certificates easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield or return comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or if 
they had invested in the Underlying Precious Metal directly. The Certificates are especially sensitive 
to commodity, currency or market risks (and, in relation to Currency Hedged Certificates in particular, 
movements in the foreign exchange market with respect to the relevant Currency Pair) and are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies. The Certificates will generally have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Certificates and the price at which the 
Certificates will be traded may not reflect the price of the Underlying Precious Metal represented by 
such Certificates. 
 
2.2 
Certificateholders will be exposed to, amongst other risks, the credit and operational risk of the 
Issuer, the Precious Metals Counterparty, the Paying Agents, the Custodian, the Portfolio Adviser, 
the Portfolio Administrator, the Account Bank and other service providers and, in relation to 
Currency Hedged Certificates only, the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty 
 
The Certificates of each Series constitute secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and of no 
other person. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Certificates of a Series and the 
Transaction Documents relating thereto will be dependent, where applicable, upon payment of all 
sums due from and delivery of all amounts of the Underlying Precious Metal deliverable by the 
Precious Metals Counterparty under the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement (and, with 
respect to Currency Hedged Certificates only, also by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty 
under the relevant hedging arrangements), upon the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, 
the Custodian, the Portfolio Adviser, the Portfolio Administrator, the Account Bank and any other

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
service providers to the Issuer in respect of the Certificates making the relevant payments and/or 
deliveries to, or on behalf of, the Issuer and upon all parties to the Transaction Documents (other than 
the Issuer) performing their respective obligations thereunder. 
 
In relation to the Currency Hedged Certificates only, as a result of settlement under the relevant 
hedging arrangements taking place after the calculation of the relevant Per Certificate Entitlement, the 
Issuer might at times hold an amount of Underlying Precious Metal that is less than the aggregate Per 
Certificate Entitlement in respect of all outstanding Currency Hedged Certificates of the relevant 
Series. This may occur where the Issuer has made a gain on the currency hedging component in 
respect of the relevant Series of Currency Hedged Certificates. In addition, it should be noted that the 
deliveries required under the hedging arrangements are adjusted to reflect subscriptions and 
redemptions of Certificates that are pending but have not settled at the relevant Business Day. 
 
Such subscriptions and redemptions would only be taken into account on the next following Business 
Day. As a result, if such subscriptions and redemptions do not settle when scheduled for any reason 
this might also cause the amount of Underlying Precious Metal held by the Issuer to be more or less 
than the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement in respect of all outstanding Currency Hedged 
Certificates of the relevant Series. Under these circumstances, there is a risk that the Issuer may not 
be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Certificates in full. Any failure by the Currency 
Hedged Certificates Counterparty to deliver the amounts of the relevant Underlying Precious Metal 
required under the terms of the hedging arrangements may lead to the early redemption of the Currency 
Hedged Certificates of the relevant Series and may also result in the Issuer not being able to pay the 
Cash Amount or deliver the Delivery Amount in full. Therefore, Currency Hedged Certificateholders 
are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty. 
 
Furthermore, the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (collectively with 
secondary and implementing EU rules, and national implementing legislation, the "BRRD") equips 
national authorities in EU Member States (the "Resolution Authorities") to intervene in the failure 
of credit institutions and significant investment firms (collectively, "relevant institutions"). In 
particular, liabilities of relevant institutions arising out of the Transaction Documents not otherwise 
subject to an exception, could be subject to the exercise of "bail-in" powers of the relevant Resolution 
Authorities. For example, amounts owed by the Account Bank to the Issuer may be subject to bail-in 
proceedings. If the relevant Resolution Authority decides to "bail-in" the liabilities of a relevant 
institution, then subject to certain exceptions set out in the BRRD, the liabilities of such relevant 
institution could, among other things, be reduced, converted or extinguished in full. As a result, the 
Issuer and ultimately the Certificateholders may not be able to recover liabilities owed by such an entity 
to the Issuer. In addition, a relevant Resolution Authority may exercise its discretions in a manner that 
produces different outcomes amongst institutions resolved in different EU Member States. Although 
the UK is no longer a member of the EU, BRRD continues to apply in the UK as retained EU law 
pursuant to the terms of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
2.3 
Risk of delay and suspensions in relation to redemptions at the option of Certificateholders prior 
to the Final Maturity Date 
 
The Conditions of the Certificates contain provisions allowing for a holder of any Certificate(s) to 
request the redemption of such Certificate(s) prior to their Final Maturity Date by the delivery of a 
Redemption Notice in accordance with the Conditions. There is a minimum time lag of one Business 
Day following delivery of a Redemption Notice until the Cash Amount, if Cash Settlement applies, 
is due to be paid to such holder or the Delivery Amount if Physical Settlement applies, is due to be 
delivered to the relevant unallocated account in London with a member of the LBMA or the LPPM, 
as appropriate, designated by such holder. However, such delay could be significantly longer, 
particularly in the case of a delay arising from the existence of a Market Disruption Event or a 
Settlement Disruption Event at any relevant time. 
 
In addition, Certificateholder Optional Redemptions in respect of a Series of Certificates shall be 
suspended: (i) from the occurrence of any event or events in respect of that Series of Certificates which 
may result in a Mandatory Redemption, for as long as such Mandatory Redemption may still occur; 
and (ii) from the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default in respect of that 
Series of Certificates, for as long as such Event of Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing. 
 
The amount of the Cash Amount or the Delivery Amount, as applicable, could decrease or increase 
from what it would have been but for such delay or suspension. 
 
In respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the Per Certificate Entitlement following the 
determination of the occurrence of disruption events in relation to the price sources and/or markets 
for the relevant Specified Currency and/or Metals Currency may be calculated in accordance with an 
adjusted method in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
In addition, the Certificates are subject to provisions concerning the delivery of a Redemption Notice. 
If such a Redemption Notice is received after, if Cash Settlement is to apply, 11.00 a.m. London time 
in respect of silver and 12.00 p.m. (noon) London time in respect of gold, platinum and palladium or, 
if Physical Settlement is to apply, 4.30 p.m. London time it will be deemed to be duly delivered on 
the next following Business Day. Such deemed delay may increase or decrease the amount of the 
Cash Amount or the Delivery Amount as applicable, from what it would have been but for such 
deemed delivery. 
 
In order for Physical Settlement, rather than Cash Settlement, to apply in respect of any 
Certificateholder Optional Redemption, the relevant Certificateholder must either (i) have an 
unallocated account in London with a member of the LBMA or LPPM, as appropriate, or (ii) have 
appointed a person with an unallocated account in London with a member of the LBMA or LPPM, as 
appropriate, to act as its agent in respect of such settlement. No assurance is given regarding the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
availability or suitability of such a person to act as agent of a Certificateholder in respect of Physical 
Settlement. 
 
In the Redemption Notice such Certificateholder must, in addition to specifying that Physical 
Settlement should apply and specifying the number and account name of an unallocated account in 
London with a member of the LBMA or LPPM, as appropriate, where the relevant Delivery Amount 
should be delivered, represent and warrant that (i) it is not a UCITS Fund; and (ii) the request for 
Physical Settlement and the acceptance of the delivery of the relevant Delivery Amount is and will 
be in accordance with all laws and regulations applicable to it. 
 
The failure to deliver any certifications or notices required by the Conditions could result in the loss or 
inability to receive payments or deliveries otherwise due under the Certificates. 
 
Prospective investors should review the Conditions to ascertain how such provisions apply to the 
Certificates. 
 
2.4 
Certificates may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer prior to the Final Maturity Date or as a 
result of a Mandatory Redemption, and acceleration may occur upon an Event of Default 
 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Certificates of any Series in whole prior to their Final 
Maturity Date at any time, provided the relevant period of notice is given to the relevant 
Certificateholders in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
On the occurrence of certain events set out in Condition 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption) (including, 
for example, certain tax events or the resignation or termination of appointment of the Trustee, the 
Custodian or the Portfolio Administrator, without replacement thereof in respect of a Series or the 
aggregate number of outstanding Certificates of that particular Series falling below a specified level 
or, in respect of each Series of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the termination of the relevant hedging 
arrangements without a replacement by an Eligible Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty), the 
Certificates of such Series will be redeemed in whole prior to their Final Maturity Date. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the 
Trustee in respect of any Series, the Certificates of such Series will be accelerated and the Security 
relating to such Series will become enforceable. 
 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, Mandatory Redemption or acceleration would occur 
irrespective of the then current price of the price of the Underlying Precious Metal. Consequently, the 
affected Certificates may be redeemed or accelerated at a time when the value of the Underlying 
Precious Metal is low, thus the amounts payable in respect of each relevant Certificate on such 
redemption may be low, and investors may suffer a substantial loss on their investment.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
 
2.5 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
 
All payments due in respect of the Certificates will be made in the relevant Specified Currency, except, 
in the case of Currency Hedged Certificates, in the limited circumstances set out in the 
Conditions where there is a material disruption of trading or conversion or payments affecting the 
relevant Specified Currency. If an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the relevant Specified Currency, 
there may be risks relating to exchange rate or imposed exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the relevant Specified Currency would decrease the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent (1) yield (if any), (2) value of the amount payable and (3) market 
value, of the Certificates held by such Investor. Government and monetary authorities may impose 
(as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange 
rate. As a result, investors may receive less than the relevant Specified Currency equivalent amount. 
 
2.6 
The Per Certificate Entitlement to each Underlying Precious Metal reduces on a daily basis 
 
From time to time in respect of Certificates of any particular Series, an amount of the Underlying 
Precious Metal equal to the Combined Fees will be withdrawn from the relevant Secured Custody 
Account and sold by or on behalf of the Issuer and the proceeds thereof, in the normal course, paid to 
the Portfolio Adviser in consideration for its services as Portfolio Adviser in relation to that Series 
and also its agreement to pay to the Issuer or to its order, the fees and expenses due to the other service 
providers in respect of the Programme (including, in the case of Currency Hedged Certificates, the FX 
hedging fee payable to the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty). 
 
The accrual and payment of the Combined Fees will be reflected in the Initial Per Certificate 
Entitlement for each Precious Metal, which will reduce on a daily basis at the Reduction Percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Assuming a constant price of the relevant Precious Metal from 
the date of issue of each Series of Certificates linked to such Precious Metal, the value of the 
Certificates of such Series would therefore gradually decline as the Per Certificate Entitlement to such 
Precious Metal in respect of the Series declines. Therefore amounts payable to Certificateholders in 
respect of the Certificates may not be comparable to the yields which could be earned if 
Certificateholders had invested directly in the relevant Underlying Precious Metal. 
 
In relation to Currency Hedged Certificates only, the Per Certificate Entitlement to the relevant 
Precious Metal may also reduce as a consequence of losses resulting from the foreign exchange 
hedging component. 
 
2.7 
Cost of trading the Certificates 
 
Investors buying or selling the Certificates in the secondary market will incur brokerage commissions 
or other charges. Brokerage commissions are often a fixed amount and may be a significant

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
 
proportional cost for investors seeking to buy or sell relatively small amounts of Certificates. In 
addition, an investor trading the Certificates on a secondary market may not be able to sell the 
Certificates at the same or a higher price at which the Certificates were bought. The difference in bid 
and ask prices ("bid/ask spread") will vary from time to time based on trading volume and market 
liquidity. Bid/ask spread generally decreases if the Certificates have high trading volume and market 
liquidity and increases if the Certificates have low trading volume, market liquidity and market 
volatility. Due to such trading costs and movements in bid/ask spread, investors intending to trade the 
Certificates frequently, or in relatively small amounts may incur significant trading costs and therefore 
impact the return on the investment in the Certificates. 
 
2.8 
Certificateholders have no proprietary interest in the Underlying Precious Metals 
 
Certificateholders have no proprietary interest in the Underlying Precious Metals other than the 
Security Interests created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the other 
Secured Creditors. Certificateholders have no independent right to enforce or sell the Underlying 
Precious Metals and must rely on the Trustee to do so. In the absence of action by the Trustee, 
Certificateholders may not receive amounts otherwise owed to them. 
 
2.9 
Change of law 
 
The Conditions of the Certificates and the terms of the Trust Deed, Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, Agency Agreement and Global Custody Agreement are based on Irish law in effect as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to Irish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The terms of the Transaction Documents (other than the Trust Deed, Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, Agency Agreement and Global Custody Agreement) are expressed to be governed by 
English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact 
of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
2.10 
Risk of recharacterisation as a collective investment scheme and/or an alternative investment fund 
 
The Issuer does not consider the Programme to constitute a collective investment scheme ("CIS") 
within the meaning of section 235 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, because the Issuer 
is of the view that the Programme is likely to fall into the exclusion for "debt issues" set out in 
paragraph 5 of the Schedule to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Collective Investment 
Schemes) Order 2001 (the "CIS Order"). However, there can be no assurance that courts or regulatory 
authorities in any jurisdiction would not apply another interpretation and re-characterise the 
Certificates as units in a CIS.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer does not consider the Programme to constitute an alternative investment fund 
("AIF") within the FCA's interpretation of that term as defined in the EU Directive 2011/61/EU on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") as implemented into law in the United Kingdom. 
The FCA has stated that it assumes that certain special purpose vehicles ("SPVs") that are set up to 
invest in financial assets and that finance the purchase of those assets by an issue of debt securities 
are not AIFs if the arrangements meet the "debt issues" exclusion in paragraph 5 of the Schedule to 
the CIS Order. However, the definition of AIFs in AIFMD is broad and there is only limited guidance 
as to how such definitions should be applied in the context of a special purpose vehicle such as the 
Issuer in jurisdictions such as the UK, or elsewhere. Were the Issuer to be found to be an AIF, any 
service provider to the Issuer found to be managing an AIF within the meaning of AIFMD would 
need to be appropriately regulated, and the Issuer's strategy and operations might be affected or 
limited by the requirements of AIFMD. Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would 
be unlikely that either the Issuer or the relevant service provider could fully comply with the 
requirements of AIFMD. To the extent compliance is possible, such compliance would result in 
additional costs for the Issuer or other affected entity which may adversely affect the value of the 
Certificates and the costs associated with the structure. If the cost to the Issuer of complying with its 
obligations under or in connection with the Transaction Documents or meeting its operating or 
administrative expenses would be materially increased, the Certificates could as a result be subject to 
early redemption in the manner described in Condition 8.6 (Mandatory Redemption), which may 
result in Certificateholders receiving less than their initial investment. Furthermore, any 
recharacterisation of the Issuer as a collective investment scheme or as an AIF may have adverse 
consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor. 
 
2.11 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) 
 
The Issuer has been advised that the Certificates are likely to be "transferable securities" for the 
purposes of the Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (No 2009/65/EC), as amended or supplemented (the "UCITS Directive"). However, there 
can be no assurance that courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not apply a different 
interpretation. Prospective investors comprising a UCITS scheme, need to satisfy themselves that an 
investment in the Certificates would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them 
pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of 
incorporation and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. In particular, 
prospective investors comprising a UCITS scheme would need to satisfy themselves that the 
Certificates are eligible for investment by such UCITS scheme, taking into consideration the UCITS 
scheme's risk management processes and liquidity assessments.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
3. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
 
3.1 
Limited recourse 
 
All amounts due from the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) in relation 
to any given Series under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in relation to such Series and 
the other Secured Obligations shall be equal to the lesser of the principal amount of such obligations 
and the actual amount received or recovered by or for the account of the Issuer in respect of the 
Secured Property applicable to that Series net of any sums which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that 
it is or may be obliged by law to pay to any person in priority to the Certificateholders or other Secured 
Creditors in accordance with Condition 5 (Security and Payment Priorities). Accordingly, all 
payments to be made by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in respect of 
any Secured Obligations for any given Series may only be satisfied by recourse to the sums received 
or recovered by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property for such 
Series (net as aforesaid) (the "Available Amount"). The Secured Creditors (including the 
Certificateholders) shall look solely to the Available Amount for payments to be made by the Issuer, 
the obligation of the Issuer to make payments will be limited to the Available Amount (which shall be 
applied in accordance with the applicable Payments Priorities) and the Secured Creditors (including 
the Certificateholders) will have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect thereof. In the event that 
the amount due and payable by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) 
exceeds the Available Amount, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding 
the Available Amount shall be extinguished and none of the Secured Creditors (including the 
Certificateholders) may take any further action to recover such amounts.  
 
3.2 
The Issuer is a Special Purpose Vehicle 
 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of establishing the 
Programme and issuing multiple series of asset backed securities, holding the Underlying Precious 
Metal for each Series, through the Custodian, and entering into, and performing its obligations under, 
agreements related to the foregoing, and this is the sole business of the Issuer. Certificateholders 
should look solely to the Secured Property for recourse as the Issuer will not have any other available 
assets from which to pay investors. 
 
3.3 
Centre of Main Interest 
 
The Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. Article 3(1) of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 on Insolvency 
Proceedings (the "Insolvency Regulation") states that in the case of a company, the place of its 
registered office shall be presumed to be its centre of main interests ("COMI") in the absence of proof 
to the contrary and assuming the registered office has not been moved to another EU member state 
within the three month period prior to the request for the opening of insolvency proceedings. In the 
decision by the European Court of Justice ("ECJ") in relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, the ECJ 
stated, in relation to the registered office presumption contained in Council Regulation (EC) No. 
1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency Proceedings (which the Insolvency Regulation repealed 
and replaced), that the place of a company's registered office is presumed to be the company's COMI 
and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if "factors which are both objective and 
ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation exists which is different 
from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect". As the Issuer has its registered 
office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has an Irish corporate services 
provider, the Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although this

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at 
the time when it was asked to make that decision. Investors should beware that if the Issuer's COMI 
is not located in Ireland, and is held to be in a different jurisdiction within the European Union, main 
insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Ireland. If insolvency procedures were opened in such 
other jurisdiction, the treatment of creditors (including without limitation Certificateholders) may be 
less favourable under the insolvency laws of such other jurisdiction. 
 
3.4 
Preferred creditors under Irish law 
 
The Issuer is an Irish company. Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company, when 
applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course 
of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take 
priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include 
the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which may 
include any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company's requirements for the duration of 
his appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts (see Examinership below). 
 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish incorporated company (that would include 
the Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those that the holder received in payment 
of debts due to it by the company. 
 
Where notice has been given to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the security within 
21 calendar days of its creation by the holder of the security, the holder's liability is limited to the 
amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of 
VAT) arising after the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners' notice to the holder of fixed 
security. 
 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax, 
whether the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override 
the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a 
person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made 
by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with 
the assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or 
expending or appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to 
the extent that such liberty is given to the Issuer, any charge constituted by the Security Documents 
may operate as a floating, rather than a fixed charge. 
 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables, it is 
necessary to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated 
bank account and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the moneys 
standing to the credit of such account without the consent of the chargee. 
 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility 
that the fixed security purported to be created by the Security Documents would be regarded by the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
Irish courts as a floating charge.  
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge 
contained in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien 
holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of 
employees and certain taxes on winding-up; 
 
(c) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
 
(d) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge; and 
 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
 
3.5 
Examinership 
 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended to 
facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. As the Issuer is an Irish company, 
the Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or 
shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of 
the voting share capital of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an 
examiner. 
 
The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by 
the company after his appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by 
the company prior to his appointment. Furthermore, he may sell assets the subject of a fixed charge. 
However, if such power is exercised he must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount 
realised and discharge the amount due to them out of the proceeds of sale. During the period of 
protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement to assist 
the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going concern. A scheme 
of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish court when at least one class of creditors has 
voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Irish court is satisfied that such proposals are fair 
and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals 
and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Trustee represented the majority in number 
and value of claims within the secured creditor class (which would be likely given the restrictions 
agreed to by the Issuer in the Conditions), the Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
not in favour of the Certificateholders. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the relevant court 
hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and 
inequitable in relation to the Certificateholders, especially if such proposals included a writing down 
of the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the Certificateholders. 
 
The primary risks to the holders of Certificates if an examiner were to be appointed to the Issuer are 
as follows: (a) the potential for a scheme of arrangement to be approved involving the writing down 
of the debt owed by the Issuer to the Certificateholders as secured by the Trust Documents; (b) the 
potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Certificates prohibiting the 
creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the examiner to borrow to 
fund the Issuer during the protection period; and (c) in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not 
approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into liquidation, the examiner's remuneration and expenses 
(including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the 
relevant Irish court) will take priority over the monies and liabilities which from time to time are or 
may become due, owing or payable by the Issuer to the Certificateholders or under any other secured 
obligations. Therefore, if an examiner were to be appointed to the Issuer it would have a material 
impact on the interests of the Certificateholders. 
 
3.6 
No Regulation of the Issuer by any Regulatory Authority 
 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, 
insurance or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by 
any authority in any jurisdiction. There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or 
more jurisdictions would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of that jurisdiction's 
laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such regulatory authority could have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer or the Certificateholders as a result of additional obligations, requirements or 
restrictions being applied to the Issuer and/or the Certificates. Any investment in the Certificates does 
not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of any deposit protection scheme or 
any client money protection scheme. 
 
4. 
Risk factors related to broader factors 
 
4.1 
Potential implications of Brexit 
 
On 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the EU. On 30 December 2020, the UK and the EU signed 
an EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “UK/EU Trade Agreement”), which was applied 
provisionally from 1 January 2021 and entered into force on 1 May 2021. The UK/EU Trade

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
sets out the foundation of the economic and legal framework for trade between the UK and the EU. 
As the UK/EU Trade Agreement is a new legal framework and, as at the date of this Prospectus, the 
potential effect on the legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme and to 
investors is unclear and may have adverse and/or unforeseeable consequences. 
 
The UK's exit from the EU has led to political and economic instability and volatility in the financial markets of 
the UK and more broadly across Europe, which could continue and may materially and adversely affect 
the performance of the Issuer, value of the Certificates and returns to Certificateholders. It could also 
potentially increase the regulatory compliance burden which could restrict the Issuer's future activities 
and thereby negatively affect returns, should the regulatory standards between the EU and the UK 
diverge. It is at present unclear what type of future trading relationship between the UK and the EU 
will be established. 
 
The terms of the UK's future relationship with the EU may cause continued uncertainty in the global 
financial markets.  
 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer and Certificates is difficult to determine. Such matters 
may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer (and the Transaction Parties) to satisfy their obligations 
under the Certificates and Transaction Documents and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the 
Certificates in the secondary market. 
 
5. 
Risk factors related to conflicts of interest 
 
5.1 
Conflicts of interest in relation to the Portfolio Administrator 
 
J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited ("J.P. Morgan") and its affiliates may act in 
a number of capacities in respect of Certificates including, without limitation, Portfolio Administrator, 
Account Bank, Global Custodian, Custodian, Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty and Paying 
Agent. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates acting in such capacities in connection with such Certificates shall 
have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entities in the relevant capacity 
and shall not, by virtue of acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as may be expressly provided with 
respect to each such capacity. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates in their various capacities in connection 
with the Certificates may enter into business dealings from which they may derive revenues and profits 
in addition to any fees without any duty to account therefor. 
 
In addition, J.P. Morgan and any of its affiliates may hold positions in respect of any of the Certificates 
and in any Precious Metal and their trading in such Precious Metals may influence the value of one or 
more of the Underlying Precious Metals.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In its role as Portfolio Administrator in respect of Certificates of any Series, J.P. Morgan will, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, make various non- 
discretionary determinations that affect the Certificates of such Series, including determining, among 
other things, the Cash Amount payable, or the Delivery Amount deliverable, on any redemption of 
Certificates. The value of the Certificates of any Series could be adversely affected by such 
determinations. In its calculations the Portfolio Administrator will depend upon timely and accurate 
provision of information and certain constituent values of the Per Certificate Entitlement to the 
Underlying Precious Metal calculation which are provided to the Portfolio Administrator by various 
parties. Any consequent variation in the value of the Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying 
Precious Metal could result in a change to the value of the Certificates. Please see "Conflicts of 
Interest" below. 
 
5.2 
Conflicts of interest in relation to the Authorised Participants 
 
The trading activities of the Authorised Participants and/or their affiliates, including their trading in the 
Underlying Precious Metals may influence the value of one or more of the Underlying Precious 
Metals, which could impact the amount payable on the relevant Certificates and thus adverse to the 
interests of the Certificateholders. None of the Authorised Participants or any of their affiliates has any 
obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or Certificateholders into consideration 
at any time. Please see "Conflicts of Interest" below. 
 
6. 
Risk factors relating to Taxation 
 
Each Certificateholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction 
or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other 
like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Certificates. 
The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to Certificateholders to reimburse them for any 
tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld or deducted from payments in respect of the 
Certificates by the Issuer or any Paying Agent or any other person or suffered by the Issuer in respect 
of the Underlying Precious Metal or any disposal thereof or any tax, assessment or charge suffered 
by the Issuer. 
 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any evaluation of the taxation issues 
relevant to an investment in the Certificates. No information in relation to taxation is provided by the 
Issuer in this Base Prospectus, except the limited information in relation to taxation in Ireland and the 
United Kingdom in the section entitled "Taxation" below. Each prospective investor must consider 
any relevant taxation matters based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it 
deems appropriate. 
 
The United States and Ireland have entered into an intergovernmental agreement to implement 
FATCA (the "IGA"). Under the IGA, an entity classified as a Foreign Financial Institution (an "FFI")

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that is treated as resident in Ireland is expected to provide the Irish tax authorities with certain 
information in respect of its ''account'' holders. The IGA further provides for the automatic reporting 
and exchange of information between the Irish tax authorities and the IRS in relation to accounts held 
in Irish FFIs by U.S. persons, and the reciprocal exchange of information regarding U.S. financial 
accounts held by Irish residents. The Issuer is treated as an FFI and provided the Issuer complies with 
the requirements of the IGA and the Irish legislation, it should not be subject to FATCA withholding on 
any payments it receives and may not be required to withhold on payments which it makes. 
 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of 
the FATCA withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy these 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of the FATCA regime, the 
value of the Certificates held by all Certificateholders may be materially affected. All prospective 
investors and Certificateholders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible 
implications of FATCA on an investment in the Issuer. 
BEPS and Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive Considerations 
 
OECD Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
 
Actions taken pursuant to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") 
Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Sharing ("BEPS") could affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. 
BEPS consists of a number of internationally agreed action points intended to address base erosion 
and profit shifting in a comprehensive manner. 
 
The focus of one of the actions (Action 6) is the prevention of treaty abuse by developing model treaty 
provisions to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. At a minimum, 
countries which participate in the BEPS project are required to include in their tax treaties: (i) an 
express statement that the common intention of each contracting state which is party to such treaties 
is to eliminate double taxation without creating opportunities for non-taxation or reduced taxation 
through tax evasion or avoidance; and one, or both, of (ii) a "limitation-on benefits" ("LOB") rule; 
and (iii) a "principal purposes test" ("PPT") rule. 
 
The PPT rule could deny a treaty benefit (such as a reduced rate of withholding tax) if it is reasonable 
to conclude, having regard to all facts and circumstances, that obtaining that benefit was one of the 
principal purposes of any arrangement or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, 
unless it is established that granting that benefit in those circumstances would be in accordance with 
the object and purpose of the relevant provisions of the treaty. 
 
In order to effect changes to existing tax treaties, the OECD published the text and explanatory 
statement of the "Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting" (the "Multilateral Instrument" or "MLI"). The Multilateral Instrument 
is to be applied alongside existing tax treaties (rather than amending them directly), modifying the 
application of those existing treaties in order to implement BEPS measures. 
 
Action 6 is implemented into the double tax treaties Ireland has entered into with the United Kingdom 
and other jurisdictions by the inclusion of a principal purpose test ("PPT"). 
The MLI entered into force for Ireland on 1 May 2019. As a general rule, it has had effect for Ireland's tax

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
treaties: 
 
with respect to taxes withheld at source, from 1 January 2020; and 
 
with respect to all other taxes levied by Ireland, for taxes levied with respect to taxable periods 
beginning on or after 1 November 2019. 
 
The date on which the MLI modifies each treaty depends on when Ireland's treaty partners deposit 
their own instruments of ratification. 
 
The United Kingdom and Ireland signed the Multilateral Instrument with both countries indicating 
that the double tax treaty entered into between the United Kingdom and Ireland is to be designated as 
a Covered Tax Agreement ("CTA"), being a tax treaty that is to be modified by the Multilateral 
Instrument. The modifications made by the Multilateral Instrument are effective in respect 
withholding tax from 1 January 2020. 
 
It remains to be seen what specific changes will be made to any other double tax treaty on which the 
Issuer may rely (for example, in receiving interest from an overseas borrower at a potentially reduced 
rate of withholding tax under an applicable double tax treaty). A change in the application or 
interpretation of these double tax treaties might result in the Issuer being treated as having a taxable 
permanent establishment outside of Ireland, in denying the Issuer the benefit of Ireland's network of 
double tax treaties or in other tax consequences for the Issuer. In each case, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, tax and financial position. 
 
It is also possible that Ireland will negotiate other bespoke amendments to its double tax treaties on a 
bilateral basis in the future which may affect the ability of the Issuer to obtain the benefits of those 
treaties. 
 
Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two) 
 
Further to the first phase of the BEPS project outlined above, the OECD published proposals in 
December 2021 seeking to fundamentally change the international tax system. Pillar II of these 
proposals deals with additional global anti-base erosion rules (“GloBE Rules”), including the 
introduction of a global minimum tax rate of 15%.  This applies to certain multinational enterprises 
(“MNE groups”) and large-scale domestic groups with revenues of at least €750,000,000. 
 
The EU Council adopted Council Directive 2022/25234 (the “GloBE Directive”) on 22 December 
2022 to implement the GloBE Rules in the EU with some necessary modifications to ensure 
conformity with EU law. The GloBE Directive provides a common framework for implementing the 
GloBE Rules into EU Member States’ national laws by 31 December 2023. 
 
Finance (No.2) Act 2023, transposed the Pillar II Directive into Irish domestic law in respect of 
accounting periods beginning on or after 31 December 2023.  Ireland has implemented the domestic 
top-up tax which allows jurisdictions to collect any top-up tax due from domestic entities under Pillar 
II.    
 
In order for an entity to be within the scope of the GloBE Rules it must : 
 
(a) form part of a MNE Group or large-scale domestic group which has revenues of more than 
€750,000,000 a year; or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
(b) be a standalone entity which has revenues of more than €750,000,000 a year. 
 
Broadly, the Issuer will be part of an MNE Group or a large-scale domestic group for these purposes 
if it is consolidated with other entities under specified financial accounting standards (or would be 
but for certain exceptions). 
 
Sector-specific exemptions are available for investment funds and other financial services which 
satisfy certain criteria. 
 
The application of the Pillar II GloBE Rules to special purpose vehicles, such as the Issuer, has not 
yet been tested in Ireland and may be impacted by further guidance from the OECD and the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners.  Such guidance is expected to be forthcoming throughout 2024 and the 
Arranger is liaising with its tax advisors on the potential impact of Pillar II GloBE Rules on the Issuer, 
as such further guidance is issued. 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the GloBE Rules, if they apply to the Issuer, could result 
in additional tax being suffered by the Issuer. This may result in less funds being available to make 
payments on the Securities.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the periods ending 31 
December 
2022 
(https://www.invesco.com/content/dam/invesco/emea/en/product-documents/etf/umbrella/annual-financial-
report/invesco-physical-markets-plc_annual-financial-report_en_dec-2022.pdf) and 31 December 2023 
(https://www.invesco.com/content/dam/invesco/emea/en/product-documents/etf/umbrella/annual-financial-
report/invesco-physical-markets-plc_annual-financial-report_en_dec-2023.pdf) which have previously been 
published, have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank and shall be deemed to be incorporated 
into, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and other 
than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or 
web pages referred to in this Prospectus form part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. Where specific parts of documents are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, then non-incorporated parts of the documents are either not relevant, or are covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer will, at its registered office and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, make available for 
inspection during normal business hours and free of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base 
Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for 
inspection of such documents should be directed to the specified office of any Paying Agent

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GOLD, SILVER, PLATINUM AND PALLADIUM MARKETS 
 
Market overview 
 
Gold is a physical asset that is accumulated, rather than consumed. As a result, virtually all the gold that has 
ever been mined still exists today. Gold has two unique characteristics which differentiate it from other 
commodities: (a) it is generally very liquid because above-ground stocks are much greater than mining company 
supplies; and (b) it is virtually indestructible and viewed by many around the world as a store of value. 
 
Demand for gold is driven primarily by demand for jewellery, which is used for adornment and, in much of the 
developing world, also as an investment. Retail investment, especially in exchange traded funds and related 
products, and industrial applications represent increasingly important components of overall demand. 
 
Similar to gold, silver is also recognised as a store of value, but demand for silver is driven primarily by 
industrial applications due to its unique properties which include its strength, malleability and ductility, and 
electrical and thermal conductivity. Other uses for silver include jewellery and photography. 
 
The underlying gold, silver, platinum and palladium assets have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to 
produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Certificates. 
 
The following tables set forth a summary of the world supply and demand for gold from 2014 -2023, and silver 
from 2014 to 2023: 
 
GOLD 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(Figures in tonnes) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Supply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mine production   
3,140 
3,186 
3,236 
3,268 
3,346 
3,464 
3,401 
3,561 
3,612 
3,644 
Net producer hedging  
104 
-21 
-26.3 
-30.4 
-29.4 
8.3 
-65.1 
-44.5 
-1.5 
17 
Total mine supply  
3,244 
3,165 
3,209 
3,238 
3,317 
3,472 
3,336 
3,516 
3,610 
3,661 
Recycled gold  
1,170 
1,093 
1,309 
1,160 
1,172 
1,304 
1,297 
1,150 
1,144 
1,237 
Total Supply  
4,414 
4,258 
4,570 
4,398 
4,490 
4,776 
4,633 
4,666 
4,755 
4,899 
Demand 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fabrication  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jewellery  
2,512 
2,455 
2,041 
2,135 
2,200 
2,107 
1,412 
2,124 
2,086 
2,168 
Technology  
346 
331 
323 
332.8 
334.6 
326.6 
301.9 
330.2 
308.5 
297.8

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
Sub-total above fabrication  
2,858 
2,786 
2,364 
2,468 
2,535 
2,434 
1,714 
2,454 
2,395 
2,466 
Total bar & coin demand  
1,000 
1,012 
1,029 
1,029 
1,090 
871 
896 
1,180 
1,218 
1,190 
ETF's & Similar  
-185 
-133 
532 
202 
68.9 
401 
877.1 
-173 
-110 
-244 
Official sector purchases  
584 
588 
384 
371 
651 
650 
272.9 
463 
1136 
1,037 
Gold Demand 
4,257 
4,253 
4,309 
4,071 
4,345 
4,070 
3,760 
3,924 
4,639 
4,448 
OTC Investment & Stock flows  
157 
5 
 
 
               
 
 
 
450.4 
Total Demand  
4,414 
4,258 
4,309 
4,071 
4,345 
4,070 
3,760 
3,924 
4,639 
4,899 
 
World Gold Council, Gold Demand Trends Full year 2023 
 
 
SILVER 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(Figures in per million ounce)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Supply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mine Production  
877.5 
886.7 
885.8 
852.1 
855.7 
836.5 
784.4 
822.6 
822.4 
Recycling 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
180.6 
Old Silver Scrap  
168.5 
146.1 
139.7 
138.1 
151.3 
169.9 
182.1 
173 
- 
Producer Hedging  
15.8 
7.8 
-18.4 
1.4 
-2.8 
15.7 
8.5 
- 
- 
Implied Net Disinvestment  
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total Supply  
1,061.8  1,040.6  
1,007.1  
   991.6  
1,004.2  
1,022.1  
975.0  
   995.6  1,003.0  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fabrication  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Industrial Appliances   
549.3 
542 
561.9 
599 
578.6 
510.9 
486.8 
508.2 
556.5 
Photography  
45.6 
46.7 
45.5 
44 
39.3 
33.7 
27.6 
28.7 
27.5 
Jewellery  
215.2 
226.5 
207 
209.1 
212.5 
201.3 
148.6 
181.4 
234.1 
Silverware  
60.7 
62.9 
52.1 
58.4 
61.1 
59.8 
32.6 
42.7 
73.5

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
Coins & Medals  
196 
292.3 
206.8 
151.1 
181.2 
186.1 
200.5 
278.7 
332.9 
Total Fabrication  
1,066.7 1,170.4 
1,027.8 
1017.6 
1033.4 
991.8 
896.1 
1039.7 1224.5 
Producer De-Hedging  
-8.9 
0.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Implied Net Investment   
1.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17.9 
Total demand  
1,059.20 1,170.70 
1,027.8  
1,017.6  
1,033.4  
   991.8  
896.1  
1,039.7  1,224.5  
 
Data: The Silver Institute, World Silver Survey 2023 
 
Whilst gold and silver have been mined for thousands of years, platinum and palladium have a much shorter 
history. Demand for platinum and palladium is driven primarily by production levels of auto catalysts. The 
production of catalytic converters accounts for a significant portion of total demand for both platinum and 
palladium. Other uses for both platinum and palladium include jewellery and industrial applications. South 
Africa is the world's leading platinum producer and second largest palladium producer, while Russia is the 
leading palladium producer. Together, South Africa and Russia supply over 80 per cent of the world's platinum 
and palladium. 
 
The following tables set forth a summary of the world supply and demand for platinum and palladium for 
the years from 2015 to 2023:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
 
PLATINUM 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(Figures in '000 oz) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Supply 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
South Africa  
4,295 
4,392 
4,450 
4,467 
4,344 
3,222 
4,611 
4,204 
4,154 
Russia  
699 
703 
720 
687 
721 
699 
638 
- 
630 
North America  
  
  
368 
346 
360 
331 
276 
320 
288 
Zimbabwe  
  
  
466 
474 
451 
482 
465 
498 
529 
Others  
847 
968 
157 
152 
154 
202 
207 
200 
207 
Total Supply 
5,841 
6,083 
6,161 
6,126 
6,030 
4,936 
6,197 
5,222 
5,808 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Demand 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Automotive 
3,468 
3327 
3,061 
2,815 
2,598 
2,045 
2,353 
2,820 
3,063 
Chemical  
  
  
453 
654 
665 
616 
638 
662 
697 
Medical & Biomedical  
  
  
238 
241 
254 
233 
251 
256 
257 
Electrical  
  
  
224 
228 
214 
221 
266 
289 
266 
Glass  
  
  
314 
501 
441 
476 
913 
475 
565 
Investment  
367 
620 
361 
67 
 1,131  
 1,022  
-    28  
-    92  
    283  
Jewellery  
2,648 
2,412 
2,385 
2,258 
2,073 
1,656 
1,478 
1,447 
1,351 
Petroleum  
  
  
228 
379 
258 
335 
236 
231 
213 
Pollution Control 
  
  
184 
196 
192 
176 
199 
224 
260 
Other  
1,818 
1,855 
530 
531 
542 
417 
446 
490 
502 
Total gross demand  
8,301 
8,214 
7,978 
7,870 
8,368 
7,197 
6,752 
6,802 
7,457 
 
 
Data: Johnson Matthey, PGM Market Report May 2023 
 
PALLADIUM 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(Figures in '000 oz) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Supply 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
South Africa  
2,547 
2,574 
2,547 
2,543 
2,588 
1,975 
2,652 
2,486 
2,442 
Russia  
2,603 
2,773 
2,452 
2,976 
2,987 
2,636 
2,689 
  
2,600 
North America 
  
  
956 
978 
1010 
956 
874 
922 
879 
Zimbabwe 
  
  
386 
393 
379 
410 
392 
412 
430 
Others  
1,300 
1,413 
131 
135 
140 
185 
187 
187 
205 
Total supply  
6,450 
6,760 
6,472 
7,025 
7,104 
6,162 
6,794 
4,007 
6,556

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
Demand 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Automotive 
7,495 
7,840 
8,423 
8,837 
9,653 
8,503 
8,340 
8,411 
8,251 
Chemical  
  
  
435 
605 
511 
524 
589 
614 
534 
Dental  
  
  
398 
364 
320 
228 
210 
191 
171 
Electrical  
  
  
844 
768 
711 
634 
655 
644 
545 
Investment  
-400 
-646 
-386 
-574 
-87 
-190 
17 
0 
25 
Jewellery  
242 
191 
167 
148 
128 
85 
91 
93 
88 
Pollution Control 
  
  
78 
87 
88 
76 
96 
109 
123 
Other  
2,057 
1,877 
91 
117 
121 
94 
99 
84 
96 
Total gross demand  
9,394 
9,370 
10,050 
10,352 
11,445 
9,954 
10,097 
10,146 
9,833 
 
Data: Johnson Matthey, PGM Market Report May 2023 
 
Operation of the precious metals markets 
 
Precious metals including gold, silver, platinum and palladium generally trade in the over the counter ("OTC") 
market on a 24-hour per day continuous basis. The OTC market includes spot, forwards, options and other 
derivatives transactions. There is also a developed market for exchange traded futures and options on precious 
metals, the most significant futures exchanges being the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange (NYMEX), the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), and the Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM). 
 
OTC trades are conducted directly between counter-parties who negotiate (a) their own terms and 
conditions and (b) risk and settlement arrangements. Market makers and other OTC market participants trade 
with each other and clients on a principal-to-principal basis, using relatively flexible terms for quotes, price, 
size, delivery point and other factors. 
 
The main OTC centres are London, Zurich and New York. Market participants including central banks, mining 
companies, jewellery manufacturers, investors and speculators typically transact in one of these markets. Most 
of the world's bullion dealers are members or associate members of the London Bullion Market Association 
("LBMA") and/or the London Platinum and Palladium Market ("LPPM"). 
 
OTC liquidity varies throughout the 24-hour trading day. Typically, liquidity is greatest when trading in 
European and US time zones overlaps, which also coincides with futures and options trading on COMEX. This 
period lasts for approximately four hours each New York business day morning. 
 
On 7 March 2022 the LBMA suspended six Russian refineries from the London Good Delivery List for gold 
and silver, which means that any metals refined post this date will no longer be considered “Good Delivery”. 
Any metal refined by these entities prior to 7 March 2022 remains “Good Delivery” and can continue to be 
purchased and sold in the London market. The Issuer currently holds “Good Delivery” metal refined by these 
entities prior to 7 March 2022. The Issuer does not transact directly with any refinery. The Precious Metal 
Counterparty and Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty used by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates 
are not subject to any sanctions and are full members of the LBMA.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) 
 
Although the market for physical gold and silver is distributed globally, most OTC market trades are cleared 
through London. Amongst other things, the LBMA is the trade association that co-ordinates the activities 
conducted in the London bullion market, and acts as the principal point of contact between the market and its 
regulators. The LBMA (a) sets refining standards by maintenance of the London Good Delivery Lists (which 
are the lists of the LBMA accredited melters and assayers of gold and silver), (b) co-ordinates market clearing 
and vaulting, (c) promotes good trading practices, and (d) develops standard documentation. 
 
The LBMA publishes a list of specifications for a gold or silver bar to be accepted for trading in the London 
bullion market. This list of specifications is called the "London Good Delivery List" and these requirements are 
set out in "The Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars" published by the LBMA. The trading unit for 
gold is one fine troy ounce ("fine" meaning pure metal, i.e. the actual gold content based on 100 per cent. purity). 
According to the LBMA, Good Delivery Rules for a gold bar specify (a) a minimum fineness of 99.5 per cent, 
and (b) a weight of approximately 400 fine troy ounces or 12.5 kilograms (bars are permitted to be between 350 
and 430 fine troy ounces). The conversion factors used by the LBMA between troy ounces and metric are: one 
troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes and one kilogramme equals 32.1507465 troy ounces. The trading unit 
for silver is troy ounces. According to the LBMA, Good Delivery Rules for a silver bar specify (a) a minimum 
fineness of 99.9 per cent, and (b) a weight of between 750 and 1,100 troy ounces. 
 
The London Platinum and Palladium Market (LPPM) 
 
The LPPM is a trade association that acts as the co-ordinator for activities conducted on behalf of its members 
and other participants in the London market. It acts as the principal point of contact between the market and 
regulators / other official bodies such as HM Revenue and Customs. It ensures the continued evolution and health 
of a marketplace for platinum and palladium in which all participants can operate with confidence. A primary 
function of the LPPM is its involvement in the promotion of refining standards by maintenance of the LPPM 
good delivery list. 
 
The LPPM sets the good delivery rules for a platinum or palladium plate or ingot. It must have a minimum 
fineness of 99.95 percent and a weight of between 1 kilogram (32.151 troy ounces) and 6 kilograms (192.904 
troy ounces). The weight of the plate or ingot if in grams must be expressed to one decimal place and if in troy 
ounces to three decimal places. The trading unit for platinum and palladium is troy ounces. 
 
Allocated accounts 
 
This is an account where the account holder has full title to the metal in the account, with the dealer holding it 
on the account holder's behalf as a custodian. The metal is stored in a vault owned and managed by a recognised 
bullion dealer or depository. Specific bars, plates or ingots, which are numbered and identified by hallmark, 
weight and fineness, are allocated to each particular account holder, who pays the custodian for storage and in

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
certain cases insurance. The metal dealer or depository that owns the vault where the metal is stored may not 
trade, lease or lend the bars, plates or ingots except on the specific instructions of the account holder. 
 
Unallocated accounts 
 
This is an account where specific bars are not set aside and the account holder has a general entitlement to the 
metal. It is the most convenient, cheapest and most commonly used method of holding metal. Transactions may 
be settled by credits or debits to the account while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two 
parties. Credit balances on the account do not entitle the account holder to specific bars, plates or ingots of 
metal, but are backed by the general stock of the bullion dealer with whom the account is held. The account 
holder is an unsecured creditor. Account holders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the bank or dealer 
providing the service in the same way as they would be with any other kind of account. Should the account 
holder wish to receive actual metal, this is done by "allocating" specific bars, plates or ingots. 
 
Trading location 
 
The majority of gold and silver is traded in London on a "loco London basis" meaning that it is a quotation made 
by dealers based on US dollars per troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the case of gold). Settlement and delivery 
is two good business days in London after the day of the deal. Delivery of the metal can either be by physical 
delivery or through the clearing systems to an unallocated account. 
 
The majority of platinum and palladium is traded in either London on a "loco London basis" or in Zurich on a 
"loco Zurich basis" meaning that it is a quotation made by dealers based on US dollars per troy ounce. 
Settlement and delivery is two good business days in London/Zurich after the day of the deal. Delivery of the 
metal can either be by physical delivery or through the clearing systems to an unallocated account. 
 
The LBMA reference prices 
 
Reference prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are each determined by electronic auctions that take 
place in London. These prices are used internationally as the pricing mechanism for a variety of precious metal 
transactions and products. 
 
The LBMA Gold Price auction takes place twice daily, at 10:30 a.m. (the "LBMA Gold Price AM") and at 
3:00 p.m. (the "LBMA Gold Price PM"). The electronic auction process was introduced in March 2015, 
replacing the historic telephone- based London gold fixing method. ICE Benchmark Administration, an 
independent specialist benchmark administrator, provides the price platform and methodology as well as the 
overall administration and governance for the LBMA Gold Price. These are fully transparent benchmarks and 
widely accepted as the basis for pricing spot transactions. 
 
The LBMA Silver price is determined by an electronic auction process, similar to that which is used in 
determining the LBMA Gold price but is conducted once daily, at 12:00 p.m. London time. ICE Benchmark

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Administration, now also provides the price platform and methodology as well as the overall administration 
and governance for the LBMA Silver price. The auction provides transparency via an electronic platform for 
the auction and offers a fully International Organisation of Securities Commissions compliant solution to the 
LBMA. 
 
The LBMA Platinum and LBMA Palladium prices are both determined by an electronic auction process, which 
is conducted twice daily, at 9:45 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. London time. These auctions replaced the PGM fixes in 
December 2014. The auctions are independently administered by the London Metals Exchange. 
 
Prices are published on the LBMA website (www.lbma.org.uk) shortly after the end of the relevant auction 
process. The LBMA Gold Price is published with a 30 minute delay, the LBMA Silver Price with a 15 minute 
delay, and the LBMA Platinum and LBMA Palladium Prices are both published with a delay until midnight. 
 
Clearing 
 
Some members of the London bullion market offer clearing services. Those members may store physical bullion 
in their own vaults and/or use third party storage facilities. The clearing members of the LBMA use the 
unallocated accounts they maintain between each other for the settlement of mutual trades as well as third party 
transfers. These transfers are conducted on behalf of clients and other members of the London bullion market 
in settlement of their own loco London bullion activities. This system is designed to avoid the security risks 
and costs that would be involved in the physical movement of gold. 
 
Documentation 
 
The LBMA and LPPM have developed and introduced a number of standard agreements which cover the terms 
and conditions for dealing in spot, forward, options and derivatives transactions in the OTC precious metals 
markets. In all dealings in metal the Issuer will, to the extent possible, use the standard LBMA and LPPM 
documentation, amended as required in connection with the Certificates and the Programme. 
 
The gold price 
 
As movements in the price of gold are expected to directly affect the value of the Certificates, investors should 
review the recent movements in the price of gold. Investors should be aware that past movements in the gold 
price are not indicators of future movements. 
 
The following chart provides historical background on the price of gold. The chart illustrates movements in 
the price of gold in US dollars per fine troy ounce over the period from 1 January 1973 to 31 December 2023, 
and is based on the LBMA Gold Price PM.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg as of 31/12/2023 
 
The silver price 
 
As movements in the price of silver are expected to directly affect the value of the Certificates, investors should 
review the recent movements in the price of silver. Investors should be aware that past movements in the silver 
price are not indicators of future movements. 
 
The following chart provides historical background on the price of silver. The chart illustrates movements in 
the price of silver in US dollars per troy ounce over the period from 1 January 1973 to 31 December 2023, and 
is based on the LBMA Silver Price 
 
 
 
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
1973
1975
1977
1979
1981
1983
1985
1987
1989
1991
1993
1995
1997
1999
2001
2003
2005
2007
2009
2011
2013
2015
2017
2019
2021
US$/troy ounce
GOLDLNPM
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
5000
6000
1900
1905
1911
1917
1923
1929
1935
1941
1947
1953
1959
1965
1971
1977
1983
1989
1995
2001
2007
2013
2019
US cents/ounce
SLVRLN

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg as of 31/12/2023 
 
The platinum price 
 
As movements in the price of platinum are expected to directly affect the value of the Certificates, investors 
should review the recent movements in the price of platinum. Investors should be aware that past movements 
in the platinum price are not indicators of future movements. 
 
The following chart provides historical background on the price of platinum. The chart illustrates movements 
in the price of platinum in US dollars per troy ounce over the period from 1 January 1993 to 31 December 2023 
and is based on the LBMA Platinum Price PM. 
  
 
 
Source: Bloomberg as of 31/12/2023 
 
The palladium price 
 
As movements in the price of palladium are expected to directly affect the value of the Certificates, investors 
should review the recent movements in the price of palladium. Investors should be aware that past movements 
in the palladium price are not indicators of future movements. 
 
The following chart provides historical background on the price of palladium. The chart illustrates movements 
in the price of palladium in US dollars per troy ounce over the period from 1 January 1993 to 31 December 
2023, and is based on the LBMA Palladium Price PM. 
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
1900
1904
1909
1914
1919
1924
1929
1934
1939
1944
1949
1954
1959
1964
1969
1974
1979
1984
1989
1994
1999
2004
2009
2014
2019
US$/ounce
PLTMLNPM

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg as of 31/12/2023 
 
 
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
3000
3500
1900
1904
1909
1914
1919
1924
1929
1934
1939
1944
1949
1954
1959
1964
1969
1974
1979
1984
1989
1994
1999
2004
2009
2014
2019
US$/ounce
PLDMLNPM

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
Form of Certificates 
 
Certificates of each Series will be represented by a Global Certificate which will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and deposited with, the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. For so 
long as the Certificates are represented by Global Certificates, the ICSD Paying Agent has agreed to act as 
paying agent in respect of the Certificates. 
 
Each Global Certificate will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Certificates if (a) 
the Global Certificate is held (directly or indirectly) on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
an alternative clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact 
does so or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) have occurred and are 
continuing. 
 
Whenever the Global Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, such Individual Certificates will 
be issued in an aggregate number equal to the number of Certificates represented by the Global Certificate within 
five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Certificate, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to a person designated by the Issuer for such purpose of such information as 
is required to complete and deliver such Individual Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Certificates are to be registered and the number of 
Certificates of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Certificate at the Specified Office 
of the person designated by the Issuer for such purpose. Such exchange will be effected without charge to any  
 
Certificateholder or the Trustee, but against such indemnity as the person designated by the Issuer may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
 
In addition, each Global Certificate will contain provisions that modify the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates as they apply to the Certificates evidenced by the Global Certificate. The following is a summary 
of certain of those provisions: 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), so long as the Global Certificate is held on behalf of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Holders of Certificates represented by the Global Certificate 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and shall be 
deemed to be given to the Holders of Certificates on the same date as such notice is delivered to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Certificates of each Tranche, as completed by the 
Final Terms applicable to that Tranche. 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
1.1 
Invesco Physical Markets plc (the "Issuer") has established a Secured Precious Metals-Linked 
Certificates Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of secured, limited recourse certificates 
(the "Certificates"). The aggregate number of Certificates outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed the Programme Limit. In addition, the aggregate number of Certificates 
in a particular Series which are outstanding at any one time will not exceed the Maximum Issue Size 
for that Series. 
 
1.2 
Certificates will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each, a "Tranche") of Certificates issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be the 
subject of a Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). Each Certificate of such Tranche will have identical 
terms or terms which are identical except that the Issue Date, the Issue Price and the Initial Per 
Certificate Entitlement for such Tranche may be, as of the respective Issue Dates of such Tranches, 
different. Should any Series of Certificates be issued in one or more Tranches, the Initial Per 
Certificate Entitlement for each Tranche shall be the Per Certificate Entitlement for the Initial Tranche 
and any subsequent Tranche forming part of the Series as at the Issue Date of such further Tranche. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Certificates are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
 
1.3 
The Certificates will be constituted by, subject to and have the benefit of the terms of the Trust Deed. 
 
1.4 
In connection with the Certificates, the Issuer entered into each of the following agreements: 
 
1.4.1 
the Trust Deed, under which, amongst other things, the Trustee is appointed by the Issuer 
as trustee in respect of the Certificates; 
 
1.4.2 
the Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement and the Secured Allocated Accounts 
Agreement under which, amongst other things, the Custodian is appointed by the Issuer 
to carry out certain custody services in connection with the Underlying Precious Metals; 
 
1.4.3 
the Agency Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Principal Paying Agent 
agrees to act as principal paying agent in respect of those Certificates in respect of which 
it has been appointed from time to time;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.4.4 
the ICSD Agency Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the ICSD Paying 
Agent is appointed by the Issuer as a paying agent in respect of the Certificates for so 
long as they are represented by a Global Certificate which is registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and deposited with, the common depositary for a Clearing System; 
 
1.4.5 
the Authorised Participant Agreement under which, amongst other things, the Authorised 
Participants are appointed by the Issuer as authorised participants in respect of the 
Certificates; 
 
1.4.6 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the 
Portfolio Administrator is appointed by the Issuer to carry out certain calculations and 
determinations in respect of the Certificates 
 
1.4.7 
the Advisory Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Portfolio Adviser is 
appointed by the Issuer to make determinations or provide advice in certain 
circumstances in respect of the Certificates; 
 
1.4.8 
the Account Bank Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Account 
Bank has been instructed to establish and maintain an Issuer Cash Account per Series 
of Certificates; 
 
1.4.9 
the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, under which, amongst other things, 
the Issuer appoints the Precious Metals Counterparty as its counterparty in relation to: 
 
(a) 
the sale of Underlying Precious Metals in connection with the Combined Fees 
and/or redemptions of Certificates linked to Precious Metals (such sale to be 
settled by the book- entry transfer on an unallocated basis of the relevant 
amount of Precious Metals from the relevant Secured Unallocated Accounts to 
the relevant unallocated accounts in London with a member of the LBMA or 
LPPM, as appropriate, specified by the Precious Metals Counterparty, against 
payment of the relevant price to the Issuer by credit of the same to the Issuer 
Cash Account or as otherwise directed by the Issuer); and 
 
(b) 
the purchase of each Precious Metal (as collateral for the Series of Certificates 
linked to such Precious Metal) in connection with any subscription(s) for such 
Certificates of such Series made in cash (such purchase to be settled by the 
book-entry transfer on an unallocated basis of the relevant amount of such 
Precious Metal from the relevant unallocated account in London with a member 
of the LBMA or LPPM, as appropriate, specified by the Precious Metals 
Counterparty to the relevant Secured Unallocated Account, against payment of

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the relevant price to the Precious Metals Counterparty by the Issuer out of the 
Cash Balances on the relevant Issuer Cash Account); 
 
1.4.10 
the Global Custody Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Global 
Custodian will establish and maintain cash and securities accounts in the name of the 
Issuer and perform settlement functions in relation to the Certificates on the instructions 
of the Issuer and its authorised persons; 
 
1.4.11 
the Fees and Expenses Agreement, under which, amongst other things, arrangements are 
put in place in relation to the fees and expenses of the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and the Certificates; 
 
1.4.12 
the Proposals and Advice Agreement, under which, amongst other things, certain 
proposals may be made, and advice provided, to the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and the Certificates; and 
 
1.4.13 
the Master Definitions Deed, under which, amongst other things, the parties thereto 
agree to certain defined terms and principles of construction and interpretation. 
 
1.5 
Upon the issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates, the Issuer entered into the 
following agreements: 
 
1.5.1 
a Security Deed relating to that Series of Certificates, under which, amongst other 
things, the Issuer grants certain Security Interests over the Underlying Precious Metal 
in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for and on behalf of the Secured 
Creditors in respect of that Series, including, without limitation, a first fixed charge 
over all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit in and to the Underlying 
Precious Metal relating to that Series of Certificates and all rights and sums derived 
therefrom; and 
 
1.5.2 
a Subscription Agreement relating to that Series of Certificates, under which the 
Authorised Participants agreed to subscribe for the Certificates of that Series. 
 
In addition, in respect of each Series of Certificates, the Issuer, the Account Bank and the Trustee 
entered into an Account Control Agreement in respect of the relevant Issuer Cash Account, and in 
respect of Currency Hedged Certificates, the Issuer will enter into hedging arrangements relating to 
that Series of Currency Hedged Certificates, under which, amongst other things, the Issuer and the 
Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty agree to make certain transfers of Metals as a function 
of currency exchange rate fluctuations concerning the Currency Pair relating to such Currency 
Hedged Certificates.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.6 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Documents, the Agency Agreement, 
the ICSD Agency Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Subscription Agreement, 
the Secured Custody Agreements, the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, the Advisory Agreement, the Global Custody Agreement and are subject 
to their detailed provisions. The Certificateholders are bound by the terms of the Trust Documents, 
and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Documents, the Agency Agreement, 
the ICSD Agency Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Subscription Agreement, 
the Secured Custody Agreements, the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, the Advisory Agreement and the Global Custody Agreement. 
 
1.7 
Copies of the Trust Documents, the Agency Agreement, the ICSD Agency Agreement, the Authorised 
Participant Agreement, the Secured Custody Agreements, the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase 
Agreement, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Advisory Agreement and the Global 
Custody Agreement are available for inspection by Certificateholders during normal business hours 
at the Specified Offices of the Registrar and each of the Paying Agents (the Specified Offices of which 
are set out below) and the office for the time being of the Portfolio Adviser (being at the date hereof 
Perpetual Park, Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-On-Thames, England, RG9 1HH, United Kingdom). 
 
1.8 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Certificates" are, unless otherwise stated, to the 
Tranche of Certificates which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and subsequent references 
in these Conditions to "Certificateholders", "holders of the Certificates", "Currency Hedged 
Certificateholders" or "holders of the Currency Hedged Certificates" are, unless otherwise stated, 
to the "Certificateholders", the "holders of the Certificates", the "Currency Hedged Certificateholders" 
or the "holders of the Currency Hedged Certificates" which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from, in 
each case during normal business hours, the registered office for the time being of the Issuer (being 
at the date hereof Block A, George's Quay Plaza, George's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland) the Specified 
Offices of the Registrar and each of the Paying Agents (the Specified Offices of which are set out 
below) and the office for the time being of the Portfolio Adviser (being at the date hereof Perpetual 
Park, Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-On-Thames, England, RG9 1HH, United Kingdom). 
 
2. 
Definitions 
 
2.1 
In these Conditions the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
 
"Account Bank" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., acting through its London branch in its capacity 
as account bank in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, or any successor or 
additional account bank appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates; 
 
"Account Bank Agreement" means the terms and conditions upon which the Issuer Cash Accounts 
are being maintained between the Issuer and the Account Bank;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Account Control Agreement" means, (i) in relation to a Series of Certificates (other than a Series 
of Currency Hedged Certificates), the Account Control Agreement dated on or about 25 November 
2019 between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Account Bank, relating to the Issuer Cash Account in 
respect of such Series of Certificates and (ii) in relation to a Series of Currency Hedged Certificates. 
the Account Control Agreement relating to that Series and dated on or about the issue of the first 
Tranche of that Series between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Account Bank, relating to the Issuer 
Cash Account in respect of such Series of Currency Hedged Certificates; 
 
"Advisory Agreement" means the agreement so named dated on or about 25 November 2019 as 
amended and restated on or about the date of the latest amendment and restatement of the Trust Deed 
between the Issuer, the Trustee and Portfolio Adviser; 
 
"Agency Agreement" means the agreement so named dated on or about 25 November 2019 between 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee, as amended and restated on 2 March 2020; 
 
"Arranger" means Invesco UK Services Limited in its capacity as arranger in respect of the 
Programme; 
 
"Authorised Participants" means each entity appointed as an authorised participant under the 
Programme or any other person or persons identified as such in the relevant Final Terms and being a 
person who: 
 
(a) 
is a securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute 
discretion); 
 
(b) 
is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; and 
 
(c) 
is not a UCITS Fund; 
 
"Authorised Participant Agreement" means the agreement so named, amending and restating all of 
the Original Authorised Participant Agreements, dated 11 April 2011 between the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the authorised participants named therein, and any other agreements so named between the Issuer, 
the Arranger and the Authorised Participant named therein and entered into in relation to the 
Programme; 
 
"Authorised Person" means a person authorised by the FCA for the purposes of FSMA; 
 
"Breach of Duty" means in relation to any person, a wilful default, fraud, illegal dealing, negligence 
or material breach of any agreement or breach of trust by such person; 
 
"Business Day" means, in respect of a Series of Certificates, each day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are generally open for business in London and which is also a

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
scheduled trading day (meaning a day on which such markets are ordinarily open) in the London 
Bullion Market, in respect of Certificates linked to Gold or Silver or the London Platinum & Palladium 
Market, in respect of Certificates linked to Platinum or Palladium, and which is also, in the case of 
hedging arrangements relating to the Currency Hedged Certificates only, an FX Business Day and a 
day on which commercial banks are generally open for business in the principal financial centre of 
both the Metal Currency and the Specified Currency (or, in the case of the euro, that is a TARGET 
Settlement Day); 
 
"Cash Amount" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate where Cash Settlement applies, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Portfolio Administrator equal to the relevant 
Per Certificate Sale Proceeds for that Certificate, provided that the Cash Amount shall not be less 
than the Minimum Principal Amount, and provided further that, in respect of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, if the Issuer or the Portfolio Adviser on its behalf determines that there is a material 
disruption of trading or conversion or payments affecting the relevant Specified Currency, the Cash 
Amount may be paid in the currency of the sale proceeds of the relevant Underlying Precious Metal; 
 
"Cash Settlement" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, settlement by payment of 
the relevant Cash Amount in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) 
and Condition 9 (Payments); 
 
"Certificateholder" and "holder of Certificates" means each person who is for the time being a 
holder of the Certificates (being each person who is for the time being shown in the Register as the 
holder of a particular number of Certificates or, in the case of a joint holding, the person first named 
in the Register) save that, in respect of the Certificates of any Series, for so long as such Certificates 
are represented by a Global Certificate deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the 
nominee name of, a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of the 
Certificates shall be deemed to be the holder of such number of Certificates (and the registered holder 
of such Global Certificate shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect 
to (a) the payment of principal, premium (if any) or interest (if any) and (b) the Provisions for 
Meetings of Certificateholders; 
 
"Certificateholder Optional Redemption" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Redemption 
prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders); 
 
"Clearing System" means each ICSD and any other clearing system through which interests in the 
Certificates are held or are proposed to be held; 
 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Combined Fees" means, on any Combined Fees Calculation Date: 
 
(a) 
if the Certificates are linked to Gold, an amount of Gold (rounded to the Rounding Amount); 
 
(b) 
if the Certificates are linked to Silver, an amount of Silver (rounded to the Rounding 
Amount); 
 
(c) 
if the Certificates are linked to Platinum, an amount of Platinum (rounded to the Rounding 
Amount); or 
 
(d) 
if the Certificates are linked to Palladium, an amount of Palladium (rounded to the Rounding 
Amount), 
 
as determined by the Portfolio Administrator equal to the aggregate of the Daily Fee Accrual for the 
Combined Fees Calculation Period; 
 
"Combined Fees Calculation Date" means each Business Day selected as such by the Issuer (taking 
into account any recommendation by the Portfolio Adviser) and with the agreement of the Trustee; 
provided that the last Combined Fees Calculation Date shall be the earlier to occur of (a) the date of 
the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the Trustee and (b) the Valuation Date in respect of a 
redemption of the Certificates in whole in accordance with the Conditions; 
 
"Combined Fees Calculation Period" means, in respect of any Combined Fees Calculation Date, 
the period from and including the immediately preceding Combined Fees Calculation Date or, in 
respect of the first Combined Fees Calculation Date to occur after the Initial Issue Date, the Initial Issue 
Date, to and excluding such Combined Fees Calculation Date; 
 
"Conditions" means, in relation to the Certificates, these terms and conditions of the Certificates, as 
may from time to time be completed by the Final Terms and any reference to a particular numbered 
Condition shall be construed accordingly; 
 
"Currency Hedged Certificates" means each Series of Certificates whose Specified Currency is a 
currency other than the Metal Currency, and which incorporate an FX hedging mechanism to hedge 
Certificateholders' exposure to fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Specified Currency of 
such Series and the Metal Currency; 
 
"Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates 
only, JP Morgan SE or any other entity specified as such in the Final Terms that has entered into FX 
hedging arrangements with the Issuer with respect to such Series or any replacement thereof; 
 
"Currency Pair" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the Specified Currency and 
the Metal Currency;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Custodian" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as custodian in accordance with the 
terms of the Secured Custody Agreements, or any successor or additional custodian appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Certificates under the Secured Custody Agreements; 
 
"Cut-Off Time" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate: 
 
(a) 
if Cash Settlement applies, 12 p.m. (London time); or 
 
(b) 
if Physical Settlement applies, 4.30 p.m. (London time); 
"Daily Fee Accrual" means, on each Business Day: 
(a) 
if the Certificates are linked to Gold, an amount of Gold (rounded to the Rounding Amount); 
 
(b) 
if the Certificates are linked to Silver, an amount of Silver (rounded to the Rounding 
Amount); 
 
(c) 
if the Certificates are linked to Platinum, an amount of Platinum (rounded to the Rounding 
Amount); or 
 
(d) 
if the Certificates are linked to Palladium, an amount of Palladium (rounded to the Rounding 
Amount), 
 
as determined by the Portfolio Administrator equal to the amount of the Underlying Precious Metal by 
which the Per Certificate Entitlement to such Underlying Precious Metal has reduced since the 
immediately preceding Business Day (ignoring, for the purposes of each Series of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, any change in the Per Certificate Entitlement resulting from the hedging arrangements) 
multiplied by the number of Certificates outstanding in the Series as at such Business Day; 
 
"Delivery Amount" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate where Physical Settlement 
applies, an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal determined by the Portfolio Administrator equal 
to: 
 
(a) 
the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Precious Metal as at the relevant 
Valuation Date; less 
 
(b) 
an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal equal in value (calculated by the Portfolio 
Administrator using the relevant Reference Price as at the relevant Valuation Date) to all 
expenses, fees and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such redemption (to the extent not 
covered by the relevant proportion of any applicable Redemption Notice Fee),

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of the Rounding Amount; 
 
"Eligible Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty" means a bank or financial institution (which 
for these purposes shall include any leading dealer or broker in precious metals and foreign exchange 
transactions) incorporated, domiciled and regulated in an OECD country with an investment grade 
rating or higher from an international rating agency or having the benefit of a guarantee from an 
affiliated entity with an investment grade rating or higher from an international rating agency; 
 
"Eligible Redemption Valuation Date" means each Business Day; 
 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Trustee to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) which declares the Certificates to be immediately due and payable; 
 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
 
"Event of Default" means any one of the events specified in Condition 11 (Events of Default); 
 
"Exempt Person" means a person who, in entering into and performing its obligations under an 
Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business comprising a regulated activity 
in relation to which it is exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of 
FSMA or associated secondary legislation; 
 
"Existing Gold Certificates" means all Certificates existing on 1 April 2015 and which are constituted 
pursuant to the Original Deed; 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders by a majority of not less than three 
quarters of the votes cast; 
 
"FCA" means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom; 
 
"Fees and Expenses Agreement" means the agreement so named dated 29 June 2009 as amended 
and restated on 11 April 2011, 25 November 2019 and on or about the latest amendment and 
restatement of the Trust Deed between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Portfolio Adviser; 
 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Trustee notifies the Issuer and the Secured 
Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other moneys and other 
liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged in full; 
 
"Final Maturity Date" means the final maturity date specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) of the United Kingdom; 
 
"FX Business Day" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, any weekday on which 
the market data used for the purposes of determining the FX Spot Reference Level and the FX 
Forward Points Reference Level is scheduled to be available during business hours in London in 
accordance with the procedures of the relevant data source; 
 
"FX Cost" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount in the Metal Currency 
for a Business Day equal to (a) the FX Spread for that Business Day; multiplied by (b) the absolute 
value of the movement in the Metal FX Reference Price since the previous Business Day; multiplied 
by (c) the Per Certificate Entitlement for the immediately preceding Business Day; 
 
"FX Forward Points Reference Level" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, and 
in respect of an FX Business Day, the average of the bid and ask rates (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, may be positive or negative) with respect to the Currency Pair concerning transactions to 
borrow or lend (as applicable) the relevant Specified Currency for one FX Business Day as determined 
by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty having regard to available market data, or as 
determined by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty acting commercially reasonably and in 
good faith where such market data is not available or where available market data does not, in the 
determination of the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty, fairly represent forward points 
levels in the foreign exchange market for the relevant Currency Pair; 
 
"FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount 
in the Metal Currency for a Business Day equal to (a) Sum of FX PnL for that Business Day; 
multiplied by (b) the Per Certificate Value for the immediately preceding Business Day; and with the 
product of (a) and (b) then, minus the FX Cost for the relevant Business Day; 
 
"FX PnL" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount in the Metal Currency 
for an FX Business Day, and which may be a positive or negative amount, equal to (a) FX Tom/Next 
Reference Level for that FX Business Day minus (b) FX Spot Reference Level Adjusted for that FX 
Business Day; 
 
"FX Spot Reference Level" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, and in respect 
of an FX Business Day, the mid currency exchange rate for the Currency Pair, expressed as the amount 
of the Metal Currency per a fixed amount of the Specified Currency as determined by the Currency 
Hedged Certificates Counterparty having regard to available market data, or as determined by the 
Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty acting commercially reasonably and in good faith where 
such market data is not available or where available market data does not, in the determination of the 
Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty, fairly represent spot exchange rate levels in the foreign 
exchange market for the relevant Currency Pair;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"FX Spot Reference Level Adjusted" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an 
amount in the Metal Currency for an FX Business Day equal to: 
 
(a) 
FX Spot Reference Level for that FX Business Day; plus 
 
(b) 
FX Transaction Costs for that FX Business Day; 
 
"FX Spread" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount in the Metal 
Currency for an FX Business Day equal to (a) the Observed FX Spread for that Business Day divided 
by (b) two; 
 
"FX Tom/Next Reference Level" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount 
in the Metal Currency for an FX Business Day equal to (a) the FX Tom Reference Level for that FX 
Business Day minus (b) the FX Transaction Costs for that FX Business Day; 
 
"FX Tom Reference Level" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount in 
the Metal Currency for an FX Business Day equal to (a) the FX Spot Reference Level for that FX 
Business Day minus (b) the FX Forward Points Reference Level for that FX Business Day except 
where the settlement date of the FX Spot Reference Level for the Currency Pair on the immediately 
prior FX Business Day is the same calendar day as the settlement date of the FX Spot Reference Level 
for the Currency Pair on such FX Business Day, in which case, zero; 
 
"FX Transaction Costs" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount in the 
Metal Currency for an FX Business Day equal to the FX Spread for that FX Business Day divided by 
the Spread Adjustment Factor for that FX Business Day; 
 
"Global Custody Agreement" means the agreement so named dated on or about 25 November 2019, 
as amended and restated on 2 March 2020, between the Issuer and the Global Custodian; 
 
"Global Custodian" means J.P. Morgan SE, Dublin Branch in its capacity as cash and securities 
custodian (solely in connection with the settlement of Certificates) in accordance with the terms of the 
Global Custody Agreement, or any successor or additional custodian appointed from time to time in 
connection with a Series of Certificates; 
 
"Gold" means, if the Certificates are linked to gold, gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the 
rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect; 
 
"Gold Reference Price" means, if the Certificates are linked to Gold, on any day, that day's p.m. 
Gold fixing price per fine troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in US dollars, as calculated and administered by ICE 
Benchmark Administration, an independent service provider, and published by the LBMA on its 
website at www.lbma.org.uk and displayed on Reuters Screen page "XAUUSDPM" or Bloomberg

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ticker "GOLDLNPM" that displays prices effective on that relevant day; provided, however, that if 
the Portfolio Adviser becomes aware that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such 
day, the Portfolio Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Portfolio Administrator and the Gold 
Reference Price shall be the price determined by the Portfolio Administrator (in consultation with the 
Portfolio Adviser if necessary) taking into consideration the latest available Gold Reference Price as 
of a date on which no Market Disruption Event existed and any other information which the Portfolio 
Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio Adviser if necessary) deems relevant; 
 
"Gold Sale and Purchase Agreement" means the agreement so named dated 29 June 2009 between, 
amongst others, the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as gold counterparty; 
 
"ICSD" means each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
 
"ICSD Agency Agreement" means the agreement dated 2 March 2020 between the Issuer, the ICSD 
Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
 
"ICSD Paying Agent" means Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as paying agent in accordance with 
the terms of the ICSD Agency Agreement, or any successor or additional paying agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Certificates under the ICSD Agency Agreement; 
 
"Initial Issue Date" means the Issue Date in respect of the first Tranche of the Certificates if issued in 
more than one Tranche to be issued under the Programme; 
 
"Initial Per Certificate Entitlement" means the initial per certificate entitlement with respect to the 
Underlying Precious Metal, as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
"Initial Tranche" means, in respect of a particular Series of Certificates, the first Tranche of 
Certificates of that Series to be issued under the Programme; 
 
"Insolvency Event" in respect of a company means: 
 
(a) 
such company is unable or admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due (after taking 
into account any grace period or permitted deferral), or suspends making payments on any 
of its debts; or 
 
(b) 
the value of the assets of such company is less than the amount of its liabilities, taking into 
account its contingent and prospective liabilities; or 
 
(c) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of such company; or

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
the commencement of negotiations with one or more creditors of such company with a view 
to rescheduling any indebtedness of such company other than in connection with any 
refinancing in the ordinary course of business; or 
 
(e) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 
 
(i) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official in relation to such company or in 
relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of such company; or 
 
(ii) 
an encumbrancer (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, the Trustee or any Receiver) 
taking possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of such 
company; or 
 
(iii) 
the making of an arrangement, composition, or compromise (whether by way of 
voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditor of 
such company, a reorganisation of such company, a conveyance to or assignment 
for the creditors of such company generally or the making of an application to a 
court of competent jurisdiction for protection from the creditors of such company 
generally other than in connection with any refinancing in the ordinary course of 
business; or 
 
(iv) 
any distress, execution, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or 
imposed upon or against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of such 
company (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, by the Trustee or any Receiver); or 
 
(v) 
the winding-up, liquidation, examinership or discontinuance of the Issuer; or 
 
(f) 
any procedure or step is taken, or any event occurs, analogous to those set out in (a) to (e) 
above, in any jurisdiction; 
 
"Insolvency Official" means, in relation to a company, a liquidator, (except, in the case of the Issuer, a 
liquidator appointed for the purpose of a solvent merger, reorganisation or amalgamation the terms 
of which have previously been approved either in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Certificateholders) provisional liquidator, examiner, administrator, administrative 
receiver, receiver, receiver or manager, compulsory or interim manager, nominee, supervisor, trustee, 
conservator, guardian or other similar officer in respect of such company or in respect of any 
arrangement, compromise or composition with any creditors or any equivalent or analogous officer 
under the law of any jurisdiction; 
 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Issuer Cash Account" means, in respect of a Series of Certificates, the cash account being 
maintained by the Account Bank for the Issuer in respect of such Series of Certificates under the terms 
of the Account Bank Agreement; 
 
"Issuer Covenants" means the covenants of the Issuer set out in Schedule 4 to the Trust Deed; 
 
"Issuer Jurisdiction" means Ireland or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer or any Issuer 
substitute (as contemplated by Condition 18 (Substitution of Issuer)) is incorporated and/or subject to 
taxation; 
 
"Issuer Profit Account" means the cash account in the name of the Issuer into which the Issuer 
deposits or procures the deposit of any Issuer Profit Amount; 
 
"Issuer Profit Amount" means the profit amount of US$500 per annum payable by the Portfolio 
Adviser to the Issuer in connection with the Certificates, accruing quarterly and payable annually on 
the last Business Day of June in each year commencing on the last Business Day of June 2011; 
 
"LBMA" means The London Bullion Market Association, being the London-based trade association 
that represents the over-the-counter market for gold and silver in London, or its successor; 
 
"Liabilities" means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including properly 
incurred legal fees and any Taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT 
charged or chargeable, or otherwise incurred by that person, in respect of any of the sums referred to 
in this definition; 
 
"LME" means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor; 
 
"London Bullion Market" means the bullion market (being the market for wholesale trading of gold 
and silver) in London; 
 
"LPPM" means The London Platinum and Palladium Market, being a trade association, the purpose 
of which is to promote the professional trading in London of both platinum and palladium, or its 
successor; 
 
"Mandatory Redemption" means a redemption of all Certificates pursuant to Condition 7.10 
(Mandatory Redemption);

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in the determination of the Portfolio Adviser, any of the 
following: 
 
(a) 
(A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the relevant Reference Price (or 
the information necessary for determining such Reference Price) or (B) the temporary or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source ("Price Source 
Disruption"); 
 
(b) 
the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the Precious 
Metal to which the Certificates are linked on the relevant exchange or principal trading 
market which is material in relation to the Certificates ("Trading Disruption"); or 
 
(c) 
(A) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the Precious Metal to which the Certificates are 
linked or (B) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the 
relevant Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the Price Source or the status 
of trading in such Precious Metal ("Disappearance of Reference Price"); 
 
"Master Definitions Deed" means the deed so named dated 29 June 2009 as amended and restated 
on 11 April 2011, 4 April 2013, 25 November 2019 and further amended and restated on or about the 
date of the latest amendment and restatement of the Trust Deed between, amongst others, the Issuer 
and the Trustee; 
 
"Maximum Issue Size" means, in relation to each Series, the number of Certificates specified in the 
Final Terms for that Series; 
 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Certificateholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
 
"Metal Business Day" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, any weekday on 
which the relevant benchmark referenced in the definition of Metal Reference Price (or the Final 
Terms, as the case may be) is scheduled to be fixed during business hours in London;; 
 
"Metal Currency" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the currency specified as 
such in the Final Terms; 
 
"Metal FX Reference Price " means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, an amount in 
the Specified Currency for a Business Day equal to: 
 
(a) 
the Metal Reference Price for that Business Day; divided by  
 
(b) 
the FX Spot Reference Level for that Business Day;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Metal Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; 
 
"Metal Price Inaccuracy" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the Currency 
Hedged Certificates Counterparty determines in its sole discretion that the Metal Reference Price does 
not fairly represent such level in the market; 
 
"Metal Reference Price" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, a price, in the Metal 
Currency, as determined by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty and notified to the Issuer 
for a Metal Business Day, being, in respect of Gold, the afternoon's benchmark price known as the 
"LBMA Gold Price", which is a benchmark afternoon price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in 
London for settlement in two business days (as such term is used in the relevant market) through a 
member of the LBMA authorized to effect such delivery and fixed in respect of the Metal Reference 
Price Fixing Time, or such other price specified as such in the Final Terms, as displayed on the Metal 
Reference Price Source on such Business Day, provided that, if there is a Metal Price Source Disruption 
in respect of the Metal Reference Price for that Metal Business Day, or if there is a Metal Price 
Inaccuracy in respect of the Metal Reference Price for that Metal Business Day, the Metal Reference 
Price used for such Metal Business Day shall be determined by the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner taking into account such factors as 
it sees fit (which may include the latest available Metal Reference Price as of a date on which no Metal 
Price Source Disruption or Metal Price Inaccuracy, as applicable, existed); 
 
"Metal Reference Price Fixing Time" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, in 
respect of Gold, 3 p.m. (London time), or such other time specified as such in the Final Terms; 
 
"Metal Reference Price Source" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, in respect 
of Gold, ICE Benchmark Administration, or such other price source specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
 
"Metal Transaction Cost" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, (i) in relation to 
the purchase of metal, USD 0.10 or such other amount as agreed from time to time by the Portfolio 
Adviser on behalf of the Issuer and the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty, and (ii) in relation 
to the sale of metal, zero; 
 
"Minimum Principal Amount" means, in respect of each Certificate denominated in US dollars, 
US$0.01 or, in the case of Currency Hedged Certificates denominated in a Specified Currency other 
than US dollars, the lowest amount of the relevant currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency (and, in the case of EUR, means EUR 0.01); 
 
"Minimum Trading Amount" means the minimum number of Certificates that may be traded 
in a single transaction as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Net Proceeds" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption); 
"Notices Condition" means Condition 20 (Notices); 
"Obligations" means all of the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising under the Certificates 
and the Transaction Documents; 
 
"Observed FX Spread" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the spread between 
bid spot currency exchange rates and offer spot currency exchange rates for the relevant Currency Pair 
for a Business Day as determined by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty having regard to 
available market data, or as determined by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty acting 
commercially reasonably and in good faith where such market data is not available or where available 
market data does not, in the determination of the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty, fairly 
represent spread levels in the foreign exchange market for the relevant Currency Pair; 
 
"Original Authorised Participant Agreements" means each authorised participant agreement 
between the Issuer, the Arranger and the authorised participant named therein dated on or about the 
Issue Date of the Existing Gold Certificates; 
 
"Original Deed" means the trust deed dated 29 June 2009 between the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Portfolio Adviser in relation to the Secured Gold-Linked Certificates Programme of the Issuer; 
 
"Original Settlement Date" has the meaning given in Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Certificates, all the Certificates other than: 
(a) 
those which have been redeemed in full and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions; 
 
(b) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions, has occurred and for which the redemption monies have been duly paid to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the ICSD Paying Agent or the Global Custodian in the 
manner provided for in the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Agency Agreement, 
and/or the ICSD Agency Agreement 
 
(and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with the Notices Condition) and remain available for payment in accordance 
with the Conditions; 
 
(c) 
those which have been purchased and surrendered for cancellation as provided in 
Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) and notice of the cancellation of 
which has been given to the Trustee;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
those in respect of which the Issuer has assigned to the relevant Certificateholder the Issuer's 
claim and all related rights in respect of the relevant amount of the Underlying Precious 
Metal in accordance with Condition 7.8 (Failure to sell Underlying Precious Metal); 
 
(e) 
for the purposes of calculating any Daily Fee Accrual only (and for no other purpose), those 
which are the subject of redemption in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase 
and Cancellation) and in respect of which the relevant Valuation Date has occurred; or 
 
(f) 
those which have become void under Condition 16 (Prescription); provided that for each of 
the following purposes, namely: 
 
(i) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Certificateholders; 
 
(ii) 
the determination of how many and which Certificates are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of Clause 9 (Waiver), Clause 10 (Modifications), 
Clause 14 (Proceedings and Actions by the Trustee), Clause 24 (Appointment of 
Trustees) and Clause 25 (Notice of a New Trustee) of the Trust Deed and 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), Condition 12 (Enforcement) and Condition 14 
(Meetings of Certificateholders) and the Provisions for Meetings of 
Certificateholders; and 
 
(iii) 
any discretion, power or authority, whether contained in the Trust Deed or 
provided by law, which the Trustee is required to exercise in or by reference to 
the interests of the Certificateholders or any of them, 
 
those Certificates (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
 
"Overseas Person" means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in section 19 of 
FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United Kingdom and whose head office 
is situated outside the United Kingdom; 
 
"Palladium" means, if the Certificates are linked to palladium, palladium bars or ingots or unallocated 
palladium complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to 
time in effect; 
 
"Palladium Reference Price" means, if the Certificates are linked to Palladium, in respect of any day, 
that day's p.m. Palladium fixing price per troy ounce of Palladium for delivery in London through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in US dollars, as calculated and 
administered by the LME and published by the LME on its website at www.lme.com and currently 
displayed on Bloomberg ticker "PLDMLNPM" that displays prices effective on that relevant day;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provided, however, that if the Portfolio Adviser becomes aware that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred or exists on such day, the Portfolio Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Portfolio 
Administrator and the Palladium Reference Price shall be the price determined by the Portfolio 
Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio Adviser if necessary) taking into consideration the 
latest available Palladium Reference Price as of a date on which no Market Disruption Event existed 
and any other information which the Portfolio Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio 
Adviser if necessary) deems relevant; 
 
"Paying Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent together with any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the ICSD Paying Agent); 
 
"Payment Day" has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 (Payments on Payment Days); 
 
"Payments Priorities" means, in relation to the Certificates, the provisions relating to the order of 
priority of payments following the delivery of an Enforcement Notice in relation to the Certificates 
by the Trustee or in connection with a Mandatory Redemption, set out in the Trust Deed and as 
described in Condition 5 (Security and Payments Priorities); 
 
"Per Certificate Entitlement" means (i) in respect of each Series of Certificates that are not Currency 
Hedged Certificates, the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement specified in the Final Terms to the 
Underlying Precious Metal which is thereafter reduced by the Reduction Percentage and (ii) in respect 
of each Series of Currency Hedged Certificates on a Business Day, (a) the Per Certificate Entitlement 
in respect of the immediately preceding Business Day (or, where there is no such prior Per Certificate 
Entitlement, the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement specified in the Final Terms to the Underlying 
Precious Metal), plus (b) (x) the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that Business Day divided by (y) 
the Metal Reference Price for that Business Day plus, where the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that 
Business Day is positive, the Metal Transaction Cost for that Business Day and, where the FX 
Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that Business Day is negative, minus the Metal Transaction Cost for that 
Business Day, and (c) which is thereafter reduced by the Reduction Percentage; 
 
"Per Certificate Sale Proceeds" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, the amount of 
the relevant Sale Proceeds referable to one Certificate; 
 
"Per Certificate Value" means in respect of each Series of Currency Hedged Certificates on a given 
Business Day, the Per Certificate Entitlement for that Business Day multiplied by the Metal FX 
Reference Price for that Business Day;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Physical Settlement" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate to which Physical 
Settlement applies, settlement by the transfer of the relevant amount of the Underlying Precious Metal, 
in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation); 
 
"Physical Settlement Differential Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.6 (Physical 
Settlement delivery obligation); 
 
"Platinum" means, if the Certificates are linked to platinum, platinum bar or ingots or unallocated 
platinum complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to 
time in effect; 
 
"Platinum Reference Price" means, if the Certificates are linked to Platinum, in respect of any day, 
that day's p.m. Platinum fixing price per troy ounce of Platinum for delivery in London through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in US dollars, as calculated and 
administered by the LME and published by the LME on its website at www.lme.com and currently 
displayed on Bloomberg ticker "PLTMLNPM" that displays prices effective on that relevant day; 
provided, however, that if the Portfolio Adviser becomes aware that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred or exists on such day, the Portfolio Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Portfolio 
Administrator and the Platinum Reference Price shall be the price determined by the Portfolio 
Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio Adviser if necessary) taking into consideration the 
latest available Platinum Reference Price as of a date on which no Market Disruption Event existed 
and any other information which the Portfolio Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio 
Adviser if necessary) deems relevant; 
 
"Portfolio Administration Agreement" means the agreement so named dated on or about 25 
November 2019 between the Issuer, the Portfolio Administrator and the Trustee as amended and 
restated on 2 March 2020 and on or about the date of the latest amendment and restatement of the 
Trust Deed; 
 
"Portfolio Administrator" means J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited in its 
capacity as portfolio administrator in accordance with the terms of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, or any successor or additional portfolio administrator appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Certificates under the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
 
"Portfolio Adviser" means Invesco UK Services Limited in its capacity as Portfolio Adviser in 
accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement, or any successor or additional portfolio adviser 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates under the Advisory Agreement; 
 
"Potential Event of Default" means any event which may become (with the passage of time, the giving 
of notice, the making of any determination or any combination thereof) an Event of Default;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Precious Metals" means Gold, Silver, Platinum and/or Palladium, as the context requires, and 
"Precious Metal" shall mean any one of them, as the context requires; 
 
"Precious Metals Counterparty" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as precious 
metals counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, 
or any successor or additional precious metals counterparty appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Certificates under the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement; 
 
"Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement" means the agreement so named, amending and 
restating the Gold Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated 11 April 2011 as amended and restated on 4 
April 2013, 25 November 2019 and on or about the date of the latest amendment and restatement of 
the Trust Deed between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Precious Metals Counterparty; 
 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an exchange or 
principal trading market) containing (or reporting) the Reference Price (or process from which the 
Reference Price is calculated) as specified in the definition of Reference Price herein; 
 
"Principal Paying Agent" means J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited in its 
capacity as principal paying agent in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement, or any 
successor or additional principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Certificates under the Agency Agreement; 
 
"Programme Limit" means 1,000,000,000 in aggregate of all Certificates of any and all Series 
outstanding from time to time, provided that the Issuer may increase such limit from time to time 
(subject to compliance with the relevant Transaction Documents); 
 
"Proposals and Advice Agreement" means the agreement so named dated 29 June 2009 as amended 
and restated on 11 April 2011 between the Issuer and the Proposer; 
 
"Proposer" means Invesco UK Services Limited in its capacity as proposer in accordance with the 
terms of the Proposals and Advice Agreement; 
 
"Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders" means the provisions contained in Schedule 2 to 
the Trust Deed; 
 
"Receiver" means any receiver, manager, receiver or manager or administrative receiver appointed in 
respect of the Issuer by the Trustee in accordance with the Security Deed; 
 
"Redemption Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Redemption prior to the Final 
Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders);

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Redemption Notice Fee" means, in respect of any Certificateholder Optional Redemption, a fee of 
up to US$500; the applicable level of such fee in respect of any Business Day will be confirmed by 
the Portfolio Administrator on request; 
 
"Reduction Percentage" means: 
 
(a) 
in respect of a particular Series of Certificates other than a Series of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, the percentage specified in the Final Terms by which the Initial Per Certificate 
Entitlement will reduce on a daily basis on the assumption that the daily rate will be the per 
annum rate divided by 365 and applied accordingly; and 
 
(b) 
in respect of a particular Series of Currency Hedged Certificates, the percentage specified in the 
Final Terms by which the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement, and subsequently the Per Certificate 
Entitlement calculated in accordance with the hedging arrangements, will reduce on each 
Business Day on the assumption that the rate will be the per annum rate divided by 365 and 
applied on each Business Day in respect of the number of calendar days from but excluding 
the previous Business Day to and including that Business Day, and which shall consist of a 
base percentage and a FX hedging fee percentage, with the Reduction Percentage 
attributable to the FX hedging fee percentage being paid to the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty on a monthly basis by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
 
"Reference Price" means, if the Certificates are linked to Gold, the Gold Reference Price, if the 
Certificates are linked to Silver, the Silver Reference Price, if the Certificates are linked to Platinum, 
the Platinum Reference Price or if the Certificates are linked to Palladium, the Palladium Reference 
Price; 
 
"Register" has the meaning given in Condition 3 (Form, Title and Transfer); 
 
"Registrar" means J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited as registrar in respect of 
all Global Certificates representing the Certificates of each Series or such other person as may be 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time as registrar in respect of the Certificates; 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment in relation to any Certificate, whichever is the later 
of: 
 
(a) 
the date on which the payment in question first becomes due; and 
 
(b) 
if the full amount payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the ICSD 
Paying Agent, the Global Custodian or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with the Notices Condition;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Relevant Parties" means the Trustee, the other Transaction Parties, the competent authority or stock 
exchange on which the Certificates are listed, if any (if required by such competent authority or stock 
exchange) and, in accordance with the Notices Condition, the Certificateholders; 
 
"Required Paying Agent" means any Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) 
which is the sole remaining Paying Agent with its Specified Office in any city where a stock exchange 
on which the Certificates are listed requires there to be a Paying Agent; 
 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment or delivery in respect of the Certificates, to reduce the 
amounts due on any date in respect of the Certificates or to alter the method of calculating the 
amounts due in respect of the Certificates on redemption or maturity; 
 
(b) 
(except in accordance with Condition 18 (Substitution of Issuer) and the Trust Deed) to effect 
the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Certificates for, or the conversion of such 
Certificates into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Certificates are payable;  
 
(d) 
to alter the Payments Priorities in respect of the Certificates; 
 
 
(e) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
 
(f) 
to amend this definition;  
 
"Rounding Amount" means: 
 
(a) 
if the Certificates are linked to Gold, the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce; or 
 
(b) 
if the Certificates are linked to Silver, Platinum or Palladium the nearest 0.001 troy ounce; 
 
"Sale Date" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, the relevant Valuation Date, subject 
to Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
 
"Sale Price" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, the Reference Price as at the relevant 
Valuation Date;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Sale Proceeds" means, if Cash Settlement applies to the Certificates, an amount in US dollars 
determined by the Portfolio Administrator equal to: 
 
(a) 
the proceeds actually received by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Administrator or any other agent 
on behalf of the Issuer) and credited to the Issuer Cash Account in respect of the sale of the 
relevant amount of the Underlying Precious Metal in connection with such redemption, as 
described in Condition 7.5 (Cash Settlement payment obligation), provided that, in respect of 
Currency Hedged Certificates only and which are denominated in a currency other than US 
dollars, such amount shall be converted into the Specified Currency on the instruction of the 
Portfolio Administrator (unless the Issuer or the Portfolio Adviser on its behalf determines that 
there is a material disruption of trading or conversion or payments affecting the relevant 
Specified Currency); less 
 
(b) 
all expenses, fees and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale or redemption (to the extent 
not covered by any applicable Redemption Notice Fee); 
 
"Secured Allocated Account" means the allocated account of the Issuer with the Custodian in which 
the Custodian holds the Precious Metal to which the Certificates are linked, on an allocated basis; 
 
"Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement" means the agreement so named dated 29 June 2009 as 
amended and restated on 11 April 2011, 4 April 2013, 25 November 2019 and on or about the date of 
the latest amendment and restatement of the Trust Deed between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Portfolio 
Administrator and the Custodian; 
 
"Secured Creditors" means the Trustee in its own capacity and as trustee on behalf of those persons 
listed as entitled to payment in the Payments Priorities; 
 
"Secured Custody Accounts" means the Secured Unallocated Account and the Secured Allocated 
Account held with the Custodian in respect of the Certificates; 
 
"Secured Custody Agreements" means the Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement and the Secured 
Unallocated Accounts Agreement; 
 
"Secured Obligations" means, in respect of the Certificates, all monies, debts and liabilities which 
are or have been or may become due, owing or incurred, actually or contingently, by the Issuer to the 
Secured Creditors in relation to the Certificates of such Series; 
 
"Secured Property" means all the property of the Issuer which is subject to the Security, as described 
in Condition 5 (Security and Payments Priorities);

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Secured Unallocated Account" means the unallocated account of the Issuer with the Custodian in 
which the Custodian holds the Underlying Precious Metal, on an unallocated basis in connection with 
the Certificates; 
 
"Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement" means the agreement so named dated 29 June 2009 
as amended and restated on 11 April 2011, 4 April 2013,25 November 2019 and on or about the date 
of the latest amendment and restatement of the Trust Deed between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Portfolio 
Administrator and the Custodian; 
 
"Security" means, in relation to the Certificates, the security granted pursuant to the Trust Deed and 
the Security Documents in favour of the Trustee for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Creditors 
and any additional security granted by the Issuer to the Trustee over any asset from time to time 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Security and Payments Priorities); 
 
"Security Deed" means (i) the deed so named dated on or about the date of the issuance of the first 
Tranche of Certificates with which Certificates of the relevant Tranche create a single Series, between 
the Issuer and the Trustee, as amended and restated on 2 March 2020 and (ii) in respect of each Series 
of Currency Hedged Certificates, the deed so named dated on or about the issue of the first Tranche 
of such Series ; 
 
"Security Documents" means, in relation to a Series of Certificates, the Security Deed and the 
Account Control Agreement, each in relation to that Series of Certificates; 
 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
 
"Settlement Date" means: 
 
(a) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Final 
Redemption), the Final Maturity Date; 
 
(b) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.2 (Redemption 
Prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders), on or before the 3rd 
Business Day following the relevant Eligible Redemption Valuation Date, such Settlement Date 
to be designated as such at the discretion of the Issuer or the Portfolio Administrator on behalf 
of the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Optional 
Redemption in whole), on or before the 3rd Business Day following the relevant Eligible 
Redemption Valuation Date, such Settlement Date to be designated as such at the discretion of 
the Issuer or the Portfolio Administrator on behalf of the Issuer,

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in each case subject to Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
 
"Settlement Disruption Event" has the meaning given in Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
 
"Silver" means, if the Certificates are linked to silver, silver bars or unallocated silver complying with 
the rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect; 
 
"Silver Reference Price" means, if the Certificates are linked to Silver, in respect of any day, that 
day's p.m. Silver fixing price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of 
the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in US cents, as calculated and administered by 
independent service provider(s), pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA, and published by the 
LBMA on its website at www.lbma.org.uk and currently displayed on the Bloomberg ticker 
"SLVRLN" that displays prices effective on that relevant day; provided, however, that if the Portfolio 
Adviser becomes aware that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such day, the 
Portfolio Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Portfolio Administrator and the Silver Reference Price 
shall be the price determined by the Portfolio Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio 
Adviser if necessary) taking into consideration the latest available Sliver Reference Price as of a date 
on which no Market Disruption Event existed and any other information which the Portfolio 
Administrator (in consultation with the Portfolio Adviser if necessary) deems relevant; 
 
"Specified Currency" means, in respect of Certificates other than Currency Hedged Certificates, 
USD, and, in respect of a Series of Currency Hedged Certificates, the currency specified in the Final 
Terms for such Series; 
 
"Specified Office" means, in relation to any Paying Agent, the Portfolio Administrator or the Registrar, 
the office specified in Condition 17.5 or such other office as it may specify in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the ICSD Agency Agreement or the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement (as applicable); 
 
"Spread Adjustment Factor" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, the amount 
specified in the Final Terms or such other amount as agreed from time to time by the Portfolio Adviser 
on behalf of the Issuer and the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty; 
 
"Subscription Agreement" means, in respect of a Series of Certificates, the subscription agreement 
entered into by one or more Authorised Participants, in respect of such Series of Certificates; 
 
"Substituted Obligor" means a single purpose company incorporated in any jurisdiction; 
 
"Successor Trustee" means an entity appointed in accordance with the Trust Deed to act as successor 
trustee;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Sum of FX PnL" means, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, and for a Business Day, 
an amount in the Metal Currency for that Business Day equal to the sum of the FX PnL for each FX 
Business Day from (but excluding) the previous Business Day to (and including) that Business Day; 
 
"Tax" shall be construed so as to include: 
 
(a) 
any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding of any nature 
whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or 
any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority; 
and 
 
(b) 
unless specified otherwise, VAT or amounts which represent or are otherwise in respect of VAT, 
 
and "Taxes", "taxation", "taxable" and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
 
"Tax Authority" means any government, state or municipality or any local, state, federal or other 
authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function; 
 
"Tax Deduction" means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax; 
 
"Transaction Documents" means the Trust Deed, the Security Documents relating to the Series of 
which the Certificates form part, the Agency Agreement, the ICSD Agency Agreement, the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, the Secured Custody Agreements, the Account Bank Agreement, 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Advisory Agreement, the Global Custody Agreement, 
the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Master Definitions Deed, the Fees and 
Expenses Agreement, the Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of the Certificates, and any 
other document entered into by the Issuer with any additional agent in respect of the Certificates or 
with any service provider or third party in respect of the Certificates (irrespective of whether such 
service provider or third party is providing services to the Issuer or not); 
 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document and "Transaction 
Parties" means some or all of them; 
 
"Trust Deed" means the deed so named dated 29 June 2009 as amended and restated on 11 April 
2011, 4 April 2013, 1 April 2015, 25 November 2019, 2 March 2020 and further amended and restated 
on or about the date of the latest amendment and restatement hereof between the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the Portfolio Adviser; 
 
"Trust Documents" means the Trust Deed and the Security Documents relating to the Series of which 
the Certificates form part and (unless the context requires otherwise) includes any deed or other

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
document executed in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed or (as applicable) the Security 
Documents and expressed to be supplemental to the Trust Deed or the Security Documents (as 
applicable); 
 
"Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee under the Trust Deed; 
 
"UCITS Fund" means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS directive 
(Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme; 
 
"Underlying Precious Metal" means, in respect of the Certificates, the Precious Metal recorded and 
identified in the Secured Allocated Account and the Secured Unallocated Account in connection with 
the Certificates from time to time; 
 
"US dollars", "USD" and "US$" each mean the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Final 
Redemption), the 3rd Business Day prior to the Final Maturity Date; 
 
(b) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.2 (Redemption prior 
to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders), the Eligible Redemption 
Valuation Date on which such Certificate and the relevant Redemption Notice are delivered or 
deemed to have been delivered in accordance with that Condition; 
 
(c) 
in respect of a redemption of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Optional 
Redemption in whole), the Eligible Redemption Valuation Date specified by the Issuer in the 
relevant notice to Certificateholders; and 
 
(d) 
in respect of a redemption of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 7.10 (Mandatory 
Redemption), the Eligible Redemption Valuation Date specified by the Issuer in the relevant 
notice to Certificateholders; 
 
"VAT" means: 
 
(a) 
any tax imposed in compliance with the council directive of 28 November 2006 on the 
common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) (including, in relation to (i) 
the United Kingdom, value added tax imposed by VATA and legislation and regulations 
supplemental thereto and (ii) Ireland, the Irish Value Added Tax Consolidation Act 2010 
and legislation and regulations supplemental thereto); and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union 
in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in (a), or elsewhere; 
 
"VATA" means the Value Added Tax Act 1994; and 
 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all holders of the 
Certificates for the time being outstanding who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
Meeting in accordance with the Provisions for the Meetings of Certificateholders, whether contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
such holders of the Certificates. 
 
2.2 
Interpretation: Any reference in the Conditions to: 
 
(a) 
"continuing", in respect of an Event of Default, shall be construed as a reference to an Event 
of Default which has not been waived in accordance with the terms of the Conditions or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transaction Document; 
 
(b) 
"including" shall be construed as a reference to "including without limitation", so that any 
list of items or matters appearing after the word "including" shall be deemed not to be an 
exhaustive list, but shall be deemed rather to be a representative list, of those items or 
matters forming a part of the category described prior to the word "including"; 
 
(c) 
"indebtedness" shall be construed so as to include any obligation (whether incurred as 
principal or as surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or future, 
actual or contingent; 
 
(d) 
a "law" shall be construed as any law (including common or customary law), statute, 
constitution, decree, judgement, treaty, regulation, directive, bye-law, order or any other 
legislative measure of any government, supranational, local government, statutory or 
regulatory body or court; 
 
(e) 
a "person" shall be construed as a reference to any person, firm, company, corporation, 
government, state or agency of a state or any association or partnership (whether or not 
having separate legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing; 
 
(f) 
"redeem" and "pay" shall each include both of the others and "redeemed", "redeemable" 
and "redemption" and "paid", "payable" and "payment" shall be construed accordingly; 
 
(g) 
a reference to any person defined as a "Transaction Party" in the Conditions shall be 
construed so as to include its and any subsequent successors and permitted transferees in 
accordance with their respective interests; and

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in 
title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been 
transferred. 
 
2.3 
Transaction Documents and other agreements: Any reference to any document defined as a 
Transaction Document or any other agreement or document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document or, as the case may be, such other agreement or document as the same may 
have been, or may from time to time be, amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced. 
 
2.4 
Statutes and Treaties: Any reference to a statute or treaty shall be construed as a reference to such 
statute or treaty as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or, in the case of 
a statute, re-enacted. 
 
2.5 
Schedules: Any Schedule of, or Appendix to a Transaction Document forms part of such Transaction 
Document and shall have the same force and effect as if the provisions of such Schedule or Appendix 
were set out in the body of such Transaction Document. Any reference to a Transaction Document 
shall include any such Schedule or Appendix. 
 
2.6 
Headings: Condition headings are for ease of reference only. 
 
2.7 
Sections: Except as otherwise specified in the Condition, reference in the Conditions to: 
 
2.7.1 
a "Section" or "Clause" in relation to any Transaction Document shall be construed as a 
reference to a Section or Clause of such Transaction Document; 
 
2.7.2 
a "Part" shall be construed as a reference to a Part of such Transaction Document; 
 
2.7.3 
a "Schedule" shall be construed as a reference to a Schedule of such Transaction 
Document; and 
 
2.7.4 
a "Paragraph" shall be construed as a reference to a Paragraph of a Schedule of such 
Transaction Document. 
 
2.8 
Number 
 
In these Conditions and any Transaction Document, save where the context otherwise requires, words 
importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
Form, Title and Transfer 
 
3.1 
Form: The Certificates of each Series issued under the Programme will be issued in registered form 
and will be represented by a global certificate in registered form ("Global Certificate"). 
 
3.2 
Title: 
 
3.2.1 
Title to the Global Certificates shall pass by and upon registration in the register (the 
"Global Certificate Register") which in relation to Global Certificates the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar. The registered holder of a Global Certificate may (to 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) be deemed and treated at all times, by all 
persons and for all purposes (including the making of any payments), as the absolute 
owner of such Global Certificate regardless of any notice of ownership, theft or loss or any 
trust or other interest therein or of any writing thereon (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer). Individual definitive certificates ("Individual Certificates") will only be issued 
in the limited circumstances set out in Clause 6 (Form of Certificates) of the Trust Deed. 
The Issuer will procure that a register is maintained in respect of Individual Certificates, 
if issued (the "Individual Certificate Register", and references to the "Register" shall be 
to the Global Certificate Register or the Individual Certificate Register, as applicable). 
 
3.2.2 
For so long as Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate deposited with a 
common depositary for, and registered in the name of, a common nominee of, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular number of the Certificates shall 
be deemed to be the holder of such number of Certificates (and the registered holder of 
such Global Certificate shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other than 
with respect to (a) the payment of principal, premium (if any) or interest (if any) and (b) 
the Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders; 
 
3.3 
Transfer: Title to Individual Certificates shall only pass by and upon registration of the transfer in the 
Individual Certificate Register, which the Issuer shall procure to be kept in accordance with Clause 8.2 
(Register in Respect of Registered Certificates) of the Trust Deed. 
 
3.4 
The number of Certificates which may be transferred by a Certificateholder in a single transaction must 
be equal to the Minimum Trading Amount and any integral multiple thereof. 
 
3.5 
No provisions of these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms shall (notwithstanding 
anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with 
the holding of title to Certificates in the form of the Global Certificate through a Clearing System.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. 
Status and Ranking 
 
4.1 
Status: The Certificates constitute secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured in the 
manner described in Condition 5 (Security and Payments Priorities) and recourse in respect of which 
is limited in the manner described in Condition 13 (Limited Recourse, Proceedings, Non-Petition, 
Remedies). 
 
4.2 
Ranking: The Certificates will at all times rank without preference or priority pari passu amongst 
themselves. 
 
4.3 
Sole Obligations: The Certificates are obligations solely of the Issuer and are not obligations of, or 
guaranteed by, any of the other Transaction Parties. 
 
5. 
Security and Payments Priorities 
 
5.1 
Security: The Certificates are secured by the Security. 
 
In the Security Deed, the Issuer with full title guarantee and as continuing security for the Secured 
Obligations creates in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Creditors the 
following Security Interests: 
 
(a) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the 
Underlying Precious Metal from time to time standing to the credit of the Secured 
Unallocated Account and all rights and sums derived therefrom from time to time; 
 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the 
Underlying Precious Metal from time to time standing to the credit of the Secured 
Allocated Account and all rights and sums derived therefrom from time to time; 
 
(c) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the 
Issuer Cash Account; and 
 
(d) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to 
each of the Transaction Documents to the extent they relate to the Certificates 
and any sums payable thereunder including the Issuer's rights to any sums held by 
any other party thereto to meet payments due in respect of the Certificates, but 
only to the extent the same relates to the Certificates. 
 
5.2 
Certificateholders will have no proprietary interest in the Underlying Precious Metal other than the 
Security Interests created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured 
Creditors as described in Conditions 5.1 above.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.3 
The Custodian will hold the Underlying Precious Metal on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the 
Secured Custody Agreements and subject to the Security Interests referred to above. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to change the Custodian (with the prior written consent of the Trustee 
and delivery to the Trustee of such documents as the Trustee may request in connection therewith 
which may include a legal opinion). Notice of such change shall be given to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with the Notices Condition. 
 
5.4 
Payments Priorities: Following the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the Trustee or in connection 
with a Mandatory Redemption, all monies received by or on behalf of the Trustee or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, in connection with the Certificates shall be applied in the manner specified in the Trust 
Deed, which shall be, to the extent such amounts relate to the Certificates: 
 
5.4.1 
first, in payment or satisfaction of any Taxes and statutory fees which the Issuer is liable 
or will be liable to pay to any Tax Authority; 
 
5.4.2 
second, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and Liabilities 
properly incurred by and any indemnity payments owed by the Issuer to the Trustee or any 
Receiver in preparing and executing the trusts created by the Trust Documents (including 
any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT, the costs of realising any 
Security and the Trustee's remuneration); 
 
5.4.3 
third, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts due and unpaid 
(including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Custodian, the Precious Metals Counterparty, the 
Account Bank and the Portfolio Administrator in respect of the Certificates as well as, if 
the Certificates are Currency Hedged Certificates, in payment of any amounts owing to 
the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty in respect of the hedging arrangements (or 
in the cash equivalent of any amounts of Precious Metal deliverable thereunder); 
 
5.4.4 
fourth, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts due and unpaid (including any amounts 
representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to the Portfolio Adviser in 
respect of the Certificates; 
 
5.4.5 
fifth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid 
(if any) in respect of the Certificates to the Certificateholders; 
 
5.4.6 
sixth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all other amounts due and 
unpaid (including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer 
to any other Transaction Party in respect of the Certificates; and 
 
5.4.7 
seventh, in payment of any balance to the Issuer.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.5 
Enforceability: The Security will become enforceable upon the delivery by the Trustee of an 
Enforcement Notice in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) and subject to the matters 
referred to in Condition 12 (Enforcement). 
 
6. 
Issuer Covenants 
 
The Issuer Covenants contain certain covenants in favour of the Trustee from the Issuer which, 
amongst other things, restrict the ability of the Issuer to create or incur any indebtedness (save as 
permitted in the Trust Deed), dispose of assets or change the nature of its business. So long as any 
Certificates of any Series remain outstanding, the Issuer shall comply with the Issuer Covenants. 
 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
 
7.1 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition, the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on the Final Maturity Date by payment 
of the relevant Cash Amount on the Settlement Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). 
 
7.2 
Redemption prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders: The Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any Certificate, redeem such Certificate in respect of an Eligible 
Redemption Valuation Date as follows: 
 
7.2.1 
if Cash Settlement is applicable, by payment of the relevant Cash Amount on the relevant 
Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Cash Settlement payment obligation) 
and Condition 9 (Payments); 
 
7.2.2 
if Physical Settlement is applicable, by transfer of the relevant Delivery Amount on 
the relevant Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Physical Settlement 
delivery obligation), 
 
(each a "Certificateholder Optional Redemption"), provided however that all Certificateholder 
Optional Redemptions shall be suspended: (i) from the occurrence of any event or events which may 
result in a Mandatory Redemption, for as long as such Mandatory Redemption may still occur; or (2) 
from the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default, for as long as such Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing. 
 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 7.2, the holder of the relevant Certificate(s) 
must, before the relevant Cut-Off Time on the desired Eligible Redemption Valuation Date: 
 
(a) 
deliver to the Issuer such Certificates as are being redeemed by depositing them with the 
Portfolio Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer); and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
pay to the Issuer an amount in US dollars equal to the applicable Redemption Notice Fee 
as directed by the Portfolio Administrator; and 
 
(c) 
deliver or send by authenticated SWIFT message (confirmed in writing) or otherwise by 
electronic means made available by the Adviser from time to time, a duly completed 
redemption notice specifying, amongst other things, such holder's account number (in the 
form obtainable from the Portfolio Administrator or pursuant to such electronic means made 
available by the Advisor, a "Redemption Notice") to the Portfolio Administrator. 
 
Any Redemption Notice and Certificate(s) delivered, and Redemption Notice Fee paid, on a day which 
is not an Eligible Redemption Valuation Date or after the relevant Cut-Off Time on any Eligible 
Redemption Valuation Date shall be deemed to have been delivered or paid (as applicable) on the next 
following Eligible Redemption Valuation Date. Any Redemption Notice, once delivered, is 
irrevocable. No Certificates, once so delivered and accompanied by a duly completed Redemption 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 7.2, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to 
the relevant Settlement Date, the Certificate(s) so deposited become immediately due and payable or 
if, on the relevant Settlement Date payment of the Cash Amount or delivery of the Delivery Amount 
in the manner prescribed in the Conditions is improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer or any of 
its agents, such Certificates shall, without prejudice to the exercise of the Certificateholder 
Optional Redemption, be returned to the relevant Certificateholder. 
 
7.3 
Applicability of Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement to Certificateholder Optional Redemption: 
In respect of any Certificateholder Optional Redemption, Cash Settlement will apply unless the 
relevant Redemption Notice: 
 
7.3.1 
specifies that the holder of the relevant Certificate(s) is electing for Physical Settlement to 
apply; 
 
7.3.2 
specifies the number and account name of an unallocated account in London with a 
member of the LBMA or LPPM, as appropriate, where the relevant Delivery Amount 
should be delivered; and 
 
7.3.3 
contains a representation and warranty from the holder of the relevant Certificate(s) to the 
effect that: (a) such holder is not a UCITS Fund; and (b) the request for Physical Settlement 
and the acceptance of the delivery of the relevant Delivery Amount is and will be in 
accordance with all laws and regulations applicable to such holder, 
 
in which case Physical Settlement will apply.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.4 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Redemption Notice: 
 
7.4.1 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Redemption Notice or otherwise comply with 
the requirements of Condition 7.2 shall result in such notice being treated as null and void 
by the Issuer with the consequence set out in Condition 7.4.2 below. Any determination 
as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered and compliance with 
the other requirements of Condition 7.2 shall be made by the Portfolio Administrator and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Certificateholder. 
 
7.4.2 
In the event that any Redemption Notice is determined to be null and void, if the relevant 
Certificateholder still wishes to elect for redemption of the relevant Certificates it must 
submit a new, duly completed, Redemption Notice in accordance with Condition 7.2 (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Valuation Date in respect of such redemption will 
be the Eligible Redemption Valuation Date on which such new, duly completed, 
Redemption Notice is delivered or deemed to have been delivered in accordance with 
Condition 7.2) and comply with the other requirements of Condition 7.2 (to the extent not 
already complied with), provided however that if such new, duly completed, Redemption 
Notice is not received within 5 Business Days, the Certificates delivered to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 7.2 shall be returned to the relevant Certificateholder. 
 
7.4.3 
The Portfolio Administrator shall promptly on the Business Day following receipt of a 
Redemption Notice send a copy thereof to the Issuer and such other persons as the Issuer 
may specify. 
 
7.5 
Cash Settlement payment obligation: 
 
7.5.1 
In respect of a redemption of any Certificate(s) where Cash Settlement applies, on or about 
the relevant Valuation Date, the Portfolio Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) 
will arrange for the sale of an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal equal to the 
aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Precious Metal (calculated as at 
the relevant Valuation Date) of the relevant Certificate(s) at the relevant Sale Price on the 
relevant Sale Date to the Precious Metals Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, provided, however, that neither the 
Issuer nor the Portfolio Administrator makes any representation or warranty as to the price 
at which the relevant portion of Underlying Precious Metal will be sold and, therefore, the 
amount of Sale Proceeds. 
 
7.5.2 
The Issuer shall discharge its obligation to pay the Cash Amount in respect of each 
Certificate by paying such Cash Amount to the relevant Certificateholder on the relevant 
Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 9 (Payments).

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.6 
Physical Settlement delivery obligation: 
 
7.6.1 
In respect of a redemption of any Certificate(s) where Physical Settlement applies, on or 
about the relevant Valuation Date, the Portfolio Administrator (acting on behalf of the 
Issuer) will arrange for the sale of an amount of the Underlying Precious Metal equal to: 
 
(a) 
the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Precious Metal 
(calculated as at the relevant Valuation Date) of the relevant Certificate(s) less 
 
(b) 
the Delivery Amount at the relevant Sale Price on the relevant Sale Date to the 
Precious Metals Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Precious 
Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement (the "Physical Settlement Differential 
Amount"), 
 
provided, however, that if the Physical Settlement Differential Amount is less than zero, the Issuer 
shall have no obligation to deliver the Physical Settlement Differential Amount to any 
Certificateholder(s). 
 
7.6.2 
If Physical Settlement applies, the Issuer shall (i) discharge its obligation to deliver the 
Delivery Amount in respect of such Certificate by crediting, or procuring the credit of, the 
same on the relevant Settlement Date to the unallocated account in London with a member 
of the LBMA or LPPM, as appropriate, specified by the relevant Certificateholder in the 
relevant Redemption Notice and (ii) discharge its obligation to pay the Physical Settlement 
Differential Amount to the relevant Certificateholder on the relevant Settlement Date in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Payments). 
 
7.6.3 
neither the Issuer nor the Portfolio Administrator makes any representation or warranty as 
to the price at which the relevant portion of Underlying Precious Metal will be sold and, 
therefore, the amount of the Physical Settlement Differential Amount. 
 
7.7 
Settlement Disruption: 
 
In respect of a redemption of any of the Certificates, if the Portfolio Adviser becomes aware that a 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred or exists and which has prevented the sale of Underlying 
Precious Metal or the delivery of a Delivery Amount on the original day that but for such Settlement 
Disruption Event would have been the Sale Date or Settlement Date (each an "Original Settlement 
Date"), then the Portfolio Adviser will advise the Issuer of the same and the Sale Date or Settlement 
Date (as the case may be) will be the first succeeding day on which the relevant sale and/or delivery 
can take place unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the 10 Business 
Days immediately following the relevant Original Settlement Date. In that case, (a) if the relevant

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
sale and/or delivery can be effected in a commercially reasonable manner, then the Sale Date or 
Settlement Date, as applicable, will be that 10th Business Day with sale and/or delivery being effected 
in such manner, and (b) if the relevant sale and/or delivery cannot be effected on or by that 10th 
Business Day in a commercially reasonable manner, then the Sale Date or Settlement Date, as 
applicable, will be postponed until the sale and/or delivery can be effected in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
 
For the purposes hereof: 
 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, as determined by the Portfolio Adviser, an event 
(other than an event contemplated in Condition 7.8 (Failure to sell Underlying Precious 
Metal) below) which is beyond the control of the Issuer and as a result of which the Issuer 
(or the Portfolio Administrator or any other agent on the Issuer's behalf) is unable to effect 
a relevant sale or delivery. 
 
7.8 
Failure to sell Underlying Precious Metal: In respect of a redemption of any Certificate where Cash 
Settlement applies, if the Issuer (or the Portfolio Administrator or any other agent) does not receive 
the relevant Sale Proceeds in full in respect of the relevant Sale Date due to the negligence or wilful 
misconduct of any person, the Issuer shall (to the extent practicable) assign, without recourse or 
warranty, to the redeeming Certificateholder the Issuer's claim and all related rights to the portion of 
the Underlying Precious Metal being sold to generate the Sale Proceeds in satisfaction of all claims of 
such Certificateholder in respect of the relevant Certificates and, upon such assignment, the 
Certificateholder shall have no such further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property in 
respect of the Certificates and the non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due to such 
Certificateholder shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). The 
Issuer shall have no obligation under this Condition 7.8 to make any assignment unless and until the 
relevant Certificateholder pays, or undertakes to pay, all of the costs and expenses (including any 
Taxes) of the Issuer or any of its agents or the Trustee in connection with such assignment. Under the 
Security Documents, the Trustee is deemed to consent to an assignment as described in this Condition 
7.8 and to authorise the release of the Issuer's claim and all related rights to such Underlying Precious 
Metal from the Security to the extent necessary to effect such assignment. None of the Issuer, any of its 
agents, or the Trustee makes any representation or warranty as to the existence or quality of a claim 
of the Issuer and related rights, or as to the effectiveness or quality of any assignment thereof. 
 
7.9 
Optional Redemption in whole: The Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Certificates in 
respect of any Eligible Redemption Valuation Date by payment of the relevant Cash Amount on the 
relevant Settlement Date, subject to Condition 7.5 (Cash Settlement payment obligation) and 
Condition 9 (Payments) on the Issuer giving not less than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the other 
Transaction Parties, the competent authority or stock exchange on which the Certificates are listed, if 
any (if required by such competent authority or stock exchange) and, in accordance with the Notices

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Condition, the Certificateholders of its intention to redeem all of the Certificates specifying the 
relevant Eligible Redemption Valuation Date. 
 
7.10 
Mandatory Redemption: 
 
7.10.1 
Redemption for taxation and other reasons: If, in relation to the Certificates, the Issuer 
satisfies the Trustee that: 
 
(a) 
by virtue of a change in the Tax law of the Issuer Jurisdiction (or the application or 
official interpretation of such Tax law), in connection with any payment due in 
respect of the Certificates a Tax Deduction would be required to be made as 
described in Condition 10 (Taxation); or 
 
(b) 
the cost to it of complying with its obligations under or in connection with the 
Transaction Documents or meeting its operating or administrative expenses would 
be materially increased; or 
 
(c) 
in relation to any supply which will be made by or to the Issuer for VAT purposes 
arising from or otherwise in connection with any transfer of the relevant Precious 
Metal, VAT will be chargeable at a positive rate on that supply in any jurisdiction, 
and such VAT is payable by the Issuer to the relevant Tax Authority in that 
jurisdiction, or an amount in respect of such VAT is payable by the Issuer to the 
person liable to account for or pay such VAT to the relevant Tax Authority in that 
jurisdiction, other than (1) where the supply which will be made by the Issuer is a 
supply arising from or otherwise in connection with a sale of such Precious Metal 
and the recipient of such supply (not being the Issuer) has agreed to make, before 
or at the same time as such supply, a payment to the Issuer of an amount in addition 
to the agreed purchase price equal to the amount of VAT chargeable on such supply 
and there are no reasonable grounds for the Issuer to believe that such person will 
not comply with such agreement or (2) where the supply which will be made by the 
Issuer is delivery of the Delivery Amount upon Physical Settlement and the 
deduction of an amount of the Precious Metal to satisfy Taxes in order to establish 
the Delivery Amount is sufficient to meet, amongst other applicable Taxes, the 
amount chargeable to VAT, 
 
then, unless in the case of (a) or (b) there is a substitution of a Substituted Obligor in place of the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Substitution of Issuer), the Issuer shall forthwith give notice thereof 
to the Relevant Parties. Thereupon, the Portfolio Adviser will (acting on the instructions of the Issuer) 
arrange for, and administer the sale of, all of the Secured Property. Upon receipt of the sale proceeds 
thereof by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice 
to the Relevant Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the Certificates shall

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
be redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually received by or on behalf of the Issuer and credited to the 
Issuer Cash Account in respect of such sale, and, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates, having 
been converted into the Specified Currency on the instruction of the Portfolio Administrator unless the 
Issuer or the Portfolio Adviser on its behalf determines that there is a material disruption of trading or 
conversion or payments affecting the relevant Specified Currency, less all expenses, fees and charges 
(including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
connection with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") shall be applied in accordance with the Payments 
Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on such date by payment of an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would have been determined if the 
Certificates were being redeemed with a Valuation Date as specified in such notice or, if less, an amount 
in the Specified Currency equal to that part (if any) of the Net Proceeds still available to 
Certificateholders after being applied in accordance with the Payments Priorities divided by the number 
of Certificates outstanding. 
 
Prior to publication of any notice of redemption under this Condition 7.10.1, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer demonstrating that the conditions 
precedent to the obligations of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and, in the case of a redemption 
of Certificates under this Condition 7.10.1, an opinion (in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Trustee) of legal advisers of recognised standing to the Issuer (previously approved by the Trustee) 
in the relevant jurisdiction to the effect that the relevant circumstances have occurred. The Trustee 
may rely on the aforementioned certificate and/or opinion without further enquiry and without liability 
therefor. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in paragraph (a) of this Condition 7.10.1 
arise: 
 
(i) 
owing to the connection of any Certificateholder, or any third party having a 
beneficial interest in the Certificates with the Issuer Jurisdiction otherwise than 
by reason only of the holding of any Certificate or receiving amounts due in 
respect of such Certificate; or 
 
(ii) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Certificateholder to comply with any 
applicable procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim 
for exemption from such tax, 
 
then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts payable to 
such Certificateholder or any third party having a beneficial interest in the Certificates, and shall not 
redeem the Certificates but this shall not affect the rights of the other Certificateholders hereunder. 
Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.10.2 
Resignation of Service Provider: If the Trustee, the Custodian or the Portfolio 
Administrator resigns or its appointment is terminated and a successor Trustee, Custodian, 
Portfolio Administrator (as applicable) has not been appointed in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant Transaction Document prior to the later to 
occur of: (a) the expiry of the relevant notice period for such resignation or termination 
(as applicable) or, if no notice period is applicable, the effective date of such resignation 
or termination; and (b) the date falling 90 calendar days following the date on which the 
notice to resign or terminate (as applicable) is given, in each case, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant Transaction Document(s), then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Relevant Parties. Thereupon, the Portfolio 
Adviser will (acting on the instructions of the Issuer) arrange for, and administer the sale 
of, all of the Secured Property. Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (unless 
otherwise agreed by the Trustee) to the Relevant Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
of the date on which the Certificates shall be redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually 
received by or on behalf of the Issuer and credited to the Issuer Cash Account in respect 
of such sale, and, in respect of Currency Hedged Certificates, having been converted into 
the Specified Currency on the instruction of the Portfolio Administrator unless the Issuer 
or the Portfolio Advisor on its behalf determines that there is a material disruption of 
trading or conversion or payments affecting the relevant Specified Currency, less all 
expenses, fees and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") 
shall be applied in accordance with the Payments Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem 
each outstanding Certificate on such date by payment of an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would have been determined if the Certificates 
were being redeemed with a Valuation Date as specified in such notice or, if less, an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to that part (if any) of the Net Proceeds still 
available to Certificateholders after being applied in accordance with the Payments 
Priorities divided by the number of Certificates outstanding. 
 
7.10.3 
Clean-up call: If at any time the Portfolio Administrator determines and notifies the Issuer 
that the aggregate number of Certificates outstanding on any day after the first anniversary 
of the Initial Issue Date is less than 1,000,000, the Issuer may give notice thereof to the 
Relevant Parties. Thereupon, the Portfolio Adviser (acting on the instructions of the Issuer) 
will arrange for, and administer the sale of, all of the Secured Property. Upon receipt of the 
sale proceeds thereof by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall give not more than 90 
nor less than 30 days' notice (unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee) to the Relevant 
Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the Certificates shall be 
redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually received by or on behalf of the Issuer and credited 
to the Issuer Cash Account in respect of such sale, and, in respect of Currency Hedged 
Certificates, having been converted into the Specified Currency on the instruction of the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Portfolio Administrator unless the Issuer or the Portfolio Advisor on its behalf determines 
that there is a material disruption of trading or conversion or payments affecting the 
relevant Specified Currency, less all expenses, fees and charges (including, without 
limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection 
with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") shall be applied in accordance with the Payments 
Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on such date by 
payment of an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would have 
been determined if the Certificates were being redeemed with a relevant Valuation Date 
as specified in such notice or, if less, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to that 
part (if any) of the Net Proceeds still available to Certificateholders after being applied in 
accordance with the Payments Priorities divided by the number of Certificates outstanding. 
 
7.10.4 
Termination of Hedging Arrangements: In respect of Currency Hedged Certificates only, 
if the relevant FX hedging arrangements are terminated in whole and the Issuer has not 
entered into replacement hedging arrangements with a successor Eligible Currency 
Hedged Certificates Counterparty on or prior to the effective date of such termination, the 
Portfolio Adviser (acting on the instructions of the Issuer) will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the relevant termination date, arrange for, and administer the sale of, 
all of the Secured Property. Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to the 
Relevant Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the Certificates 
shall be redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually received by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
credited to the Issuer Cash Account in respect of such sale, having been converted into the 
Specified Currency on the instruction of the Portfolio Administrator unless the Issuer or 
the Portfolio Adviser on its behalf determines that there is a material disruption of trading 
or conversion or payments affecting the relevant Specified Currency, less all expenses, 
fees and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") shall be 
applied in accordance with the Payments Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem each 
outstanding Certificate on such date by payment of an amount in the Specified Currency 
equal to the Cash Amount that would have been determined if the Certificates were being 
redeemed with a Valuation Date as specified in such notice or, if less, an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to that part (if any) of the Net Proceeds still available to 
Certificateholders after being applied in accordance with the Payments Priorities divided 
by the number of Certificates outstanding. 
 
7.11 
No Physical Settlement: Cash Settlement shall apply and no Physical Settlement shall be available: 
 
7.11.1 
in respect of any Certificates redeemed in accordance with Conditions 7.9 (Optional 
Redemption in whole) or 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption) above; or

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.11.2 in circumstances where Physical Settlement of Certificates would be contrary to any 
applicable laws or regulations which would apply to the Physical Settlement of any such 
Certificates. 
 
7.12 
Notice irrevocable: Any such notice as is referred to in Condition 7.9 (Optional Redemption in whole) 
or Condition 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption) shall be irrevocable and, upon the expiration of such 
notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Certificates to which such notice relates in accordance 
with such Conditions. 
 
7.13 
Purchase and cancellation: The Issuer may at any time purchase Certificates in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. 
 
7.14 
Cancellation: All Certificates so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer shall be cancelled and may not 
be reissued and resold. 
 
7.15 
Notifications to be final: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the Conditions, 
whether by the Portfolio Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer), the Portfolio Adviser (acting 
on behalf of the Issuer), any Paying Agent or the Trustee shall (in the absence of any manifest error) 
be binding (as relevant) on the Issuer and all Certificateholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Portfolio Administrator, the Portfolio Adviser, any Paying Agent or the Trustee in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by them or any of them of their powers, duties and discretions under the 
Conditions. 
 
7.16 
Selection of the Underlying Precious Metal on Redemption: In the event that the Certificates are 
redeemed in part and not in whole, the Issuer or the Portfolio Adviser on behalf of the Issuer may 
select any portion of the Underlying Precious Metal, (i) in the case of Certificates where Cash 
Settlement applies, to be sold to realise the Cash Amount or (ii) if Physical Settlement applies, to be 
delivered as the Delivery Amount pursuant to Condition 7.6(Physical Settlement delivery obligation). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in no circumstances will the Certificateholders have the right to select any 
portion of the Underlying Precious Metal to be the subject of either the Cash Amount or the Delivery 
Amount. 
 
8. 
Calculations 
 
8.1 
Calculation of Per Certificate Entitlement: On or in advance of each Business Day, the Portfolio 
Administrator shall calculate the Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Precious Metal in 
respect of such Business Day and such Per Certificate Entitlement shall be available for viewing, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, on etf.invesco.com or at such other location as is notified to 
Certificateholders in accordance with the Notices Condition from time to time.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8.2 
Daily Fee Accrual and Combined Fees: On (or as soon as reasonably practicable after) each Business 
Day, the Portfolio Administrator shall calculate the Daily Fee Accrual in respect of such Business Day 
and on (or as soon as reasonably practicable after) each Combined Fees Calculation Date, the Portfolio 
Administrator shall calculate the Combined Fees in respect of the relevant Combined Fees Calculation 
Period. On or shortly after each Combined Fees Calculation Date falling prior to the delivery of an 
Enforcement Notice by the Trustee, the Portfolio Administrator shall arrange for the sale of an amount 
of the Underlying Precious Metal equal to the relevant Combined Fees to the Precious Metals 
Counterparty under the terms of the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement and, to settle such 
trade, shall instruct the Custodian to de-allocate such amount of Underlying Precious Metal from 
the Secured Allocated Account to the Secured Unallocated Account and thereafter effect a book- entry 
transfer of such amount of the Underlying Precious Metal on an unallocated basis to the unallocated 
account in London of a member of the LBMA or LPPM, as appropriate, specified by the Precious 
Metals Counterparty, against payment of the purchase price to the Issuer Cash Account or as otherwise 
directed by the Issuer (the "Combined Fees Payment Proceeds"). 
 
The Combined Fees Payment Proceeds will in the normal course be paid by the Issuer to the Portfolio 
Adviser in consideration for its services as Portfolio Adviser and also its agreement to pay to the Issuer 
or to its order the fees and expenses due to the other service providers in respect of the Programme, 
including, in the case of Currency Hedged Certificates, the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty 
(but not including any indemnities granted in favour of the other service providers). 
 
8.3 
Trustee to determine amounts in case of Issuer default: If the Issuer does not at any time for any reason 
calculate (or cause the Portfolio Administrator to calculate) the Per Certificate Entitlement to the 
Underlying Precious Metal for any Business Day in accordance with this Condition, such entitlement 
may be calculated by the Trustee, or the Trustee may appoint an agent to calculate such entitlement at 
the expense of the Issuer, (in either case without any liability accruing to the Trustee as a result) in 
accordance with this Condition (based on information supplied to it by the Issuer or any other 
Transaction Party) and each such calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Issuer. 
 
9. 
Payments 
 
9.1 
Payments: All payments on the Certificates shall be made in the Specified Currency unless (in respect 
of the Currency Hedged Certificates only) the Issuer or the Portfolio Advisor on its behalf determines 
that there is a material disruption of trading or conversion or payments affecting the relevant Specified 
Currency. The Issuer, or the Principal Paying Agent, ICSD Paying Agent or Global Custodian on 
behalf of the Issuer (acting in the manner provided in the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and/or the ICSD Agency Agreement (as applicable)), shall pay or cause to be paid 
all payments in respect of the Certificates to the relevant Certificateholder's cash memorandum account 
(as shown in the Register) for value on the relevant payment date.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.2 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Certificates are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Certificateholders in respect of such payments (save as otherwise described in these Conditions). 
 
9.3 
Payments on Payment Days: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Certificate is not 
a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
In this paragraph, "Payment Day" means any day on which banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign currencies) in New York, Dublin and London. 
 
10. 
Taxation 
 
10.1 
Payments free of Tax: All payments in respect of the Certificates shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any Taxes imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
the Issuer Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, unless by virtue of a change in the Tax law of the Issuer Jurisdiction (or the application or official 
interpretation of such Tax law) the Issuer, the Trustee or the Paying Agents (as the case may be) are 
required by law to make any Tax Deduction. In that event, the Issuer, the Trustee or the Paying Agents 
(as the case may be) shall make such payments after such Tax Deduction and shall account to the 
relevant authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted. 
 
10.2 
No payment of additional amounts: Neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Paying Agents will be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Certificateholders as a result of any such Tax Deduction. 
 
10.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Issuer Jurisdiction, references in these Conditions to the Issuer Jurisdiction shall be construed as 
references to the Issuer Jurisdiction and/or such other jurisdiction. 
 
10.4 
Tax Deduction not Event of Default: Notwithstanding that the Trustee, the Issuer or the Paying 
Agents are required to make a Tax Deduction this shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
11. 
Events of Default 
 
11.1 
Events of Default: Subject to the other provisions of this Condition, each of the following events shall 
be treated as an "Event of Default" in relation to the Certificates: 
 
11.1.1 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amounts due in respect of the Certificates or 
deliver any Underlying Precious Metal due in respect of the Certificates within 5 Business 
Days of the due date for payment or delivery thereof, other than as contemplated in 
Condition 7.8 (Failure to sell Underlying Precious Metal); or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1.2 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Certificates or any Transaction Document 
or in respect of the Issuer Covenants and such default (a) is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
incapable of remedy or (b) being a default which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, capable 
of remedy, remains unremedied for 30 days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree 
after the Trustee has given written notice of such default to the Issuer; or 
 
11.1.3 
Insolvency Event: an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer; or 
 
11.1.4 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any 
of its obligations under or in respect of the Certificates or the Transaction Documents. 
 
11.2 
Delivery of Enforcement Notice: If an Event of Default occurs in relation to the Certificates and is 
continuing, the Trustee may at its discretion and shall: 
 
11.2.1 
if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the number of the 
Certificates outstanding; or 
 
11.2.2 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders; 
deliver an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer. 
11.3 
Conditions to delivery of Enforcement Notice: Notwithstanding Condition 11.2 (Delivery of 
Enforcement Notice) the Trustee shall not be obliged to deliver an Enforcement Notice unless: 
 
11.3.1 
in the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in Condition 11.1.2(Breach 
of other obligations), the Trustee shall have certified in writing that the happening of such 
event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of Certificateholders; and 
 
11.3.2 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
 
11.4 
Consequences of delivery of Enforcement Notice: Upon the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, each 
of the Certificates shall become immediately due and payable without further action or formality at 
an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would have been determined if 
the Certificates were being redeemed where Cash Settlement applies with a relevant Valuation Date 
as of the Business Day immediately following the date of delivery of such Enforcement Notice.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12. 
Enforcement 
 
12.1 
Proceedings: The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
as it thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed and under the other Transaction Documents, 
but it shall not be bound to do so unless: 
 
12.1.1 
so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the number of the 
Certificates outstanding; or 
 
12.1.2 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders; 
 
and in any such case, only if it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against 
all Liabilities to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
 
12.2 
Directions to the Trustee: If the Trustee shall take any action described in Condition 12.1 
(Proceedings) it may take such action without having regard to the effect of such action on individual 
Certificateholders or any other Secured Creditor. 
 
12.3 
Third Party Rights: No person shall have any right to enforce any Condition or any provision of the 
Trust Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
 
13. 
Limited Recourse, Proceedings, Non-Petition, Remedies 
 
13.1 
Limited Recourse: All amounts due from the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including the 
Certificateholders) under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in relation to the Certificates 
and the other Secured Obligations shall be equal to the lesser of the principal amount of such obligations 
and the actual amount received or recovered by or for the account of the Issuer in respect of the 
Secured Property net of any sums which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that it is or may be obliged 
by law to pay to any person in priority to the Certificateholders or other Secured Creditors in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Security and Payment Priorities). Accordingly, all payments to be made 
by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in respect of any Secured Obligations 
for any given Series may only be satisfied by recourse to the sums received or recovered by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property for such Series (net as aforesaid) 
(the "Available Amount"). The Secured Creditors in respect of a particular Series (including the 
Certificateholders) shall look solely to the Available Amount for payments to be made by the Issuer, 
the obligation of the Issuer to make payments will be limited to the Available Amount (which shall 
be applied in accordance with the applicable Payments Priorities) and the Secured Creditors for such 
Series (including the Certificateholders) will have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect thereof. 
In the event that the amount due and payable by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors for such Series 
(including the Certificateholders) exceeds the Available Amount, the right of any person to claim 
payment of any amount exceeding the Available Amount shall be extinguished and none of the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) may take any further action to recover such 
amounts. 
 
13.2 
Proceedings: Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under general law or under these 
provisions to enforce the provisions of the Certificates or the Trust Documents. No Certificateholder 
or other Secured Creditor is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any assets of the Issuer 
to enforce their rights in relation to or under the Certificates or the Transaction Documents unless the 
Trustee, having become bound as aforesaid fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and 
such failure or neglect is continuing. However, the Trustee shall not be bound to take any action to 
enforce the Security or pursue the remedies available under general law or under these provisions or 
otherwise take any action unless it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction and has been 
requested to do so by the holders of the Certificates. 
 
13.3 
Non-Petition: No Certificateholder or other Secured Creditor may institute against, or join any person 
in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, examination, re-organisation, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceedings (except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant 
to the terms of the Trust Documents) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any 
Certificates are outstanding or until one year plus one day has elapsed since the last day on which the 
Certificates were outstanding, without prejudice to any enforcement or realisation of the Security, 
save lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another party or taking 
proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer. The only remedy 
of the Trustee against the Issuer after the occurrence of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events 
of Default) is to enforce the Security for the Certificates created by and pursuant to the provisions of 
the applicable Trust Documents. No Certificateholder or other Secured Creditor shall have any 
recourse to any director, officer or employee of the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates or any 
of their respective assets. 
 
13.4 
Remedies: The only remedy of the Trustee against the Issuer after any of the Certificates have become 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default) is to enforce the Security pursuant to 
the provisions of the Trust Documents. 
 
14. 
Meetings of Certificateholders 
 
14.1 
Convening: The Trust Deed contains "Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders" for convening 
meetings of Certificateholders to consider matters relating to the Certificates, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions or the Trust Deed, which modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
 
14.2 
Request from Certificateholders: A meeting of holders of the Certificates may be convened by the 
Trustee or the Issuer at any time and must be convened by the Trustee (subject to its being indemnified

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and/or secured to its satisfaction) upon the request in writing of Certificateholders holding not less than 
ten per cent. of the number of outstanding Certificates. 
 
14.3 
Quorum: The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: 
 
14.3.1 
an Extraordinary Resolution, other than regarding a Reserved Matter, will be two or more 
persons holding or representing a majority of the aggregate number of outstanding 
Certificates or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing 
Certificateholders, whatever the aggregate number of outstanding Certificates so held or 
represented; and 
 
14.3.2 
an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter will be two or more persons 
holding or representing in the aggregate 75 per cent. of the number of outstanding 
Certificates or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons holding or representing not 
less than in the aggregate 331/3 per cent. of the number of outstanding Certificates. 
 
14.4 
Resolutions in writing: A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
 
15. 
Modification and Waiver 
 
15.1 
Modification: The Trustee may at any time and from time to time, without the consent or 
sanction of the Certificateholders or any other Secured Creditors, concur with the Issuer and any other 
relevant parties in making: 
 
15.1.1 
any modification to these Conditions and the Trust Documents (other than in respect of a 
Reserved Matter or any provisions of the Trust Documents referred to in the definition of 
a Reserved Matter), the Certificates or the other Transaction Documents in relation to 
which its consent is required which, in the opinion of the Trustee, it may be proper to make 
and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of Certificateholders; or 
 
15.1.2 
any modification to the provisions of these Conditions, the Trust Documents, the 
Certificates or any other Transaction Documents in order to reflect changes in the 
applicable law and practice relating to the holding or transfer of Certificates in registered 
form or through a Clearing System where such modifications are certified by the Issuer as 
being: (a) made to reflect such changes; and (b) not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Certificateholders; or 
 
15.1.3 
any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Documents, the Certificates or the other 
Transaction Documents in relation to which its consent is required, if, in the opinion of

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Trustee, such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature, is made to correct 
a manifest error. 
 
15.2 
Waiver: In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Certificateholders or any other Secured 
Creditor concur with the Issuer or any other relevant parties in authorising or waiving any proposed 
breach or breach of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Documents, the Certificates or 
any of the other Transaction Documents (including an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default) 
if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of Certificateholders will not be materially prejudiced 
by such waiver. 
 
15.3 
Restriction on power to waive: The Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by 
Condition 15.2 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Certificateholders or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate number of the Certificates outstanding, but so that no such direction or request 
shall: (a) affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or (b) authorise 
or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Reserved Matter unless the 
Certificateholders have, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
 
15.4 
Notification: Unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the Issuer shall cause any such authorisation, 
waiver, modification or determination to be notified to the Certificateholders and the other 
Secured Creditors in accordance with the Notices Condition and the Transaction Documents, as soon 
as practicable after it has been made. 
 
15.5 
Binding Nature: Any authorisation, waiver, determination or modification referred to in 
Condition 15.1 (Modification) or Condition 15.2 (Waiver) shall be binding on the Certificateholders 
and the other Secured Creditors. 
 
16. 
Prescription 
 
Claims for amounts due on redemption shall become void unless the relevant Certificates are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
 
17. 
Trustee, Portfolio Administrator, Registrar and Paying Agents 
 
17.1 
Trustee's right to Indemnity: Under the Transaction Documents, the Trustee is entitled to be 
indemnified in respect of the Certificates and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and 
to be paid or reimbursed for any Liabilities incurred by it in priority to the claims of the holders of the 
Certificates. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and 
any entity relating to the Issuer without accounting for any profit.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17.2 
Trustee not responsible for loss or for monitoring: The Trustee will not be responsible for any loss, 
expense or liability which may be suffered as a result of the Secured Property or any documents of 
title thereto being uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by or to the order of any person on 
behalf of the Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the compliance by any of 
the other Transaction Parties with their obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
 
17.3 
Regard to Certificateholders: In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and 
the Trust Deed, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of holders of the Certificates as a class 
and will not be responsible for any consequence for individual Certificateholders as a result of such 
holders being domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected in any way with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
 
17.4 
Portfolio Administrator, Registrar and Paying Agents solely agents of Issuer: In acting under the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Agency Agreement and/or the ICSD Agency Agreement, as 
the case may be, in connection with the Certificates, the Portfolio Administrator, the Registrar and 
the Paying Agents respectively act solely as agents of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) 
the Trustee and do not assume any fiduciary duties or any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders. 
 
17.5 
Portfolio Administrator, Registrar and Paying Agents: The Specified Offices of the Portfolio 
Administrator, the Registrar, and the Paying Agents are set out below. 
 
17.5.1 
The Portfolio Administrator is J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited and 
its Specified Office is 200 Capital Dock, 79 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, D02 
RK57. 
 
17.5.2 
The Registrar is J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited and its Specified 
Office is 200 Capital Dock, 79 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, D02 RK57. 
 
17.5.3 
The Principal Paying Agent is J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited and 
its Specified Office is 200 Capital Dock, 79 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, D02 
RK57. 
 
17.5.4 
The ICSD Paying Agent is Citibank Europe plc and its Specified Office is at 1 North Wall 
Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
 
Subject to Condition 17.6 below, the Issuer reserves the right (with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee) to vary or terminate the appointment of the Portfolio Administrator, the Registrar or any 
Paying Agent (having given the requisite period of notice) and to appoint a successor portfolio 
administrator, registrar or principal paying agent and additional or successor paying agents at any

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
time. Notice of any change in the Portfolio Administrator, the Registrar or any Paying Agent, or 
in any of their Specified Offices, shall promptly be given to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
the Notices Condition. 
 
17.6 
Maintenance of Registrar and Paying Agents: The Issuer shall at all times maintain: 
 
17.6.1 
a registrar in Ireland; and 
 
17.6.2 
for so long as the Certificates are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by 
any other relevant authority, a paying agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority). 
 
18. 
Substitution of Issuer 
 
18.1 
Substitution of Issuer: The Trustee may, without the consent of the Certificateholders or any other 
Secured Creditor, subject to: 
 
18.1.1 
the consent of the Issuer; and 
 
18.1.2 
such further conditions as are specified in the Trust Deed, 
 
agree to the substitution of a Substituted Obligor in place of the Issuer as the principal debtor in 
respect of the Trust Documents, the Certificates and the Secured Obligations. 
 
18.2 
Notice of Substitution of Issuer: Not later than fourteen days after any substitution of the Issuer in 
accordance with this Condition, the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice of such substitution to be 
given to the Certificateholders and the other Secured Creditors in accordance with the Notices 
Condition and the other relevant Transaction Documents. 
 
18.3 
Change of Law: In the case of a substitution pursuant to this Condition, the Trustee may in its absolute 
discretion agree, without the consent of the Certificateholders or the other Secured Creditors to a 
change of the law governing the Certificates and/or any of the Transaction Documents provided that 
such change would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
holders of the Certificates. 
 
18.4 
No indemnity: No Certificateholder shall, in connection with any such substitution, be entitled to claim 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
substitution upon individual Certificateholders.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19. 
Further Certificates 
 
Right to issue further Certificates: The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the 
holders of the Certificates or the other Secured Creditors and in accordance with the Trust Deed, 
create and issue further Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the Certificates in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date and the Issue Price) including the benefit of the 
Security so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Certificates. 
 
20. 
Notices 
 
20.1 
Valid Notices: All notices to Certificateholders regarding the Certificates will be deemed to be validly 
given if sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the Certificateholders 
at their respective addresses appearing in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Certificates are listed by or on a competent 
authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent authority or stock exchange so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the places or places 
required by that competent authority or stock exchange. 
 
20.2 
Other Methods: The Trustee shall be at liberty to sanction some other method of giving notice to the 
Certificateholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice 
then prevailing and to the requirements of the stock exchange on which the Certificates are then listed 
and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Certificateholders in such manner as the 
Trustee shall require. 
 
21. 
Rounding 
 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of the Currency Hedged Certificates, as 
may be required to conform to the calculations made pursuant to the relevant hedging arrangements), 
(a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per 
cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up) and all amounts in any other currency which 
are used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest amount of the relevant 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency (and, in the case of EUR, to 
the nearest cent, with one half cent being rounded up), and (c) all amounts of the Precious Metal to 
which the Certificates are linked used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded down to 
the relevant Rounding Amount.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 
22.1 
Governing law: The Certificates, the Trust Deed, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and the Global Custody Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising 
from or connected with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Irish law. 
The Transaction Documents (other than the Trust Deed, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and the Global Custody Agreement) and all non-contractual obligations arising 
from or connected with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
 
22.2 
Jurisdiction: The Irish courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the Certificates, and accordingly any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Certificates ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the 
Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to 
Proceedings in any such courts whether on the grounds of venue or that the Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of the Certificateholders 
and the Trustee and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Certificates will be in the following form, duly completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Certificates and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics 
does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
INVESCO PHYSICAL MARKETS PLC 
 
Issue of [insert number of Certificates comprised in the Tranche] Secured [Insert Precious Metals]-Linked 
[[●]1 [Currency Hedged]]2 Certificates due [insert Final Maturity Date] 
 
under the 
 
Secured Precious Metals-Linked Certificates Programme 
 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, 
except as provided in sub-paragraph ((ii)) below, any offer of Certificates in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation") or the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 which is 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Certificates. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer of the Certificates may only do so in: 
 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) of the United Kingdom ("FSMA") or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the United Kingdom and/or those Public Offer Jurisdictions in each case which are mentioned in 
Part A below and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Certificates in any other circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
1 Insert Specified Currency for Currency Hedged Certificates. 
2 Only for Currency Hedged Certificates.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2024 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") [for the purposes of [[the Prospectus 
Regulation]][and] [the UK Prospectus Regulation]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Certificates described herein [[for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation][and][ the UK 
Prospectus Regulation]]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Tranche of Certificates described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Tranche of Certificates described herein is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/ 
and etf.invesco.com [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]]. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
 
[When completing any final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or the UK Prospectus Regulation] 3. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Invesco Physical Markets plc 
 
2. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
3. 
Number of Certificates comprised in the 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
5. 
Underlying Precious Metal: 
[Gold] [Silver] [Platinum] [Palladium] 
 
6. 
Initial 
Per 
Certificate 
Entitlement 
to 
Underlying Precious Metal as at the Issue 
Date: 
[•] fine troy ounces gold [[•] troy ounces of 
[silver][platinum][palladium] 
 
7. 
Reduction Percentage: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
8. 
Rounding Amount: 
The nearest [•] [fine troy ounce] [troy ounce] 
 
 
 
3 References in the form of Final Terms to the Prospectus Regulation to be removed in respect of Certificates listed only on a non-EEA stock exchange and 
admitted to trading only on a non-EEA market and for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per Certificate 
 
10. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
 
11. 
[Provisions relating to Currency Hedged 
Certificates]4: 
(a) 
Currency 
Hedged 
Certificates 
Counterparty: 
[J.P. Morgan SE]] 
(b) 
Metal Currency: 
[USD] 
(c) 
Metal Reference Price: 
[As per the Conditions / [•]] 
(d) 
Metal Reference Price Source: 
[As per the Conditions / [•]] 
(e) 
Metal Reference Price Fixing Time: 
[As per the Conditions / [•]] 
(f) 
Spread Adjustment Factor: 
[•] 
 
12. 
Settlement (Condition 7): 
Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement 
 
(a) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Authorised 
Participants: 
[give names and addresses] 
 
(b) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
 
13. 
Total commission and concession: 
[•] 
 
14. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
 [Not Applicable] [An offer of the Certificates may 
be made by the Authorised Participants [and 
[specify, if applicable]] other than pursuant to 
[[Article 
1(4) 
of 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation][and][section 86 of the FSMA]] in 
[specify the United Kingdom and/or Member 
State(s) - which must be jurisdictions where the 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported] (Public Offer Jurisdictions) during 
 
 
 
4 Only for Currency Hedged Certificates.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the period from [specify date] until [specify date] 
(Offer Period).] 
 
15. 
Amount 
of 
any 
expenses 
and 
taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[•] 
 
 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and public offer in the [United Kingdom] 
[and/or] [Public Offer Jurisdictions] and] admission to trading on the [regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
/Main Market of the London Stock Exchange/Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt 
(General Standard)) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse)/Borsa Italiana ETFplus 
market of the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)/Euronext in Amsterdam [and the main segment of 
the SIX Swiss Exchange]] of the Certificates described herein pursuant to the Secured Precious Metals- Linked 
Certificates Programme of Invesco Physical Markets plc.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. Signed on behalf of Invesco 
Physical Markets plc: 
 
By: 
.............................................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(a) 
Listing 
[Ireland/London/Switzerland/Frankfurt/Italy/the Netherlands] 
 
(b) 
Admission to trading   [Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Certificates 
to be admitted to trading on [the regulated market of Euronext Dublin /the 
Main Market of the London Stock Exchange*/the Regulated Market 
(General Standard) (Regulierter Markt (General Standard)) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse)]/the Borsa Italiana 
ETFplus market of the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.)/Euronext Amsterdam [and the main segment of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange]].] 
 
[This Tranche of Certificates is fungible with the Certificates of the same 
Series already in issue which have been admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin /the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange/ 
the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt (General 
Standard)) 
of 
the 
Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse)/the Borsa Italiana ETFplus market of the Italian Stock 
Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)/Euronext Amsterdam [and the main 
segment of the SIX Swiss Exchange]].] 
 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the 
Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers or admission to 
trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
2. 
EXPENSES OF THE OFFER 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading: [•] 
 
3. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Paying Agent: 
[Citibank Europe plc/ [•]]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Luxembourg Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg] 
 
Trading Method: 
Units 
 
Minimum Trading Amount: 
The minimum number of Certificates that may be traded is 1 and 
any integral multiple thereof. 
 
Maximum Issue Size: 
The aggregate number of all Certificates of the Series of which this 
Tranche forms a part which are outstanding from time to time will 
not exceed [•]. 
 
ANNEX 
 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
 
(Issue Specific Summary of the Certificates to be inserted)

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Certificates will be used by the Issuer to collateralise, or to acquire 
collateral for, the Certificates (as described further in the section "Description of the Transaction Documents" 
below).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
 
The following is an overview of the material terms of the following documents entered into by the Issuer, as 
they relate to the Certificates: the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
Advisory Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement, the Secured 
Allocated Accounts Agreement, the Authorised Participants Agreement, the Account Bank Agreement, the 
Global Custody Agreement, the Precious Metals Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Fees and Expenses 
Agreement and the Master Definitions Deed. This section also contains an overview of the hedging mechanism 
applicable to Currency Hedged Certificates. 
 
This overview is a summary of the above Transaction Documents and related provisions of the Conditions, 
which prevail to the extent of any inconsistency with this overview. Capitalised terms used herein and not 
otherwise defined have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Conditions. 
 
The Trust Deed 
 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Issuer has appointed the Trustee, and the Trustee has agreed to act, as trustee in 
relation to each Series of Certificates. Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee may retire at any time on 
giving not less than 60 calendar days prior notice in writing to the Issuer. The Certificateholders of a particular 
Series will have the power to remove the Trustee, exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution in respect of that 
Series. However, the retirement or removal of the Trustee shall not become effective until a successor trustee 
has been appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
 
All monies received by the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property for a Series shall be held by the Trustee 
on trust for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors in respect of each Series of Certificates 
separately, in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed the Issuer may, without the consent of the Certificateholders of the relevant 
Series and the other Secured Creditors in respect of such Series (but subject to certain restrictions), issue further 
Tranches of Certificates of the same Series having the same terms and conditions as previous Tranches of 
Certificates of such Series already in issue in all respects (except for the Issue Date, the Issue Price and the Initial 
Per Certificate Entitlement in respect thereof) and including the benefit of the Security, so as to be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the Certificates of such Series already in issue. The aggregate number of 
Certificates outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed the Programme Limit. In 
addition, the aggregate number of Certificates in a particular Series which are outstanding at any one time will 
not exceed the Maximum Issue Size for that Series. 
 
As is more particularly described in the Trust Deed but subject to the terms thereof, the Trustee shall (if directed 
by the Certificateholders of a particular Series) or otherwise in its discretion may (in either case subject to the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against any loss, liability, 
cost, claim, action, demand or expense which may be incurred or made against it in connection therewith), 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the Certificateholders 
and other Secured Creditors of such Series against the Issuer, whether the same arise under general law, the 
Trust Deed, the Certificates or otherwise. 
 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will, as regards all the powers, trusts, authorities, duties and 
discretions vested in it by the Trust Deed or Security Deed applicable to the relevant Series, the other 
Transaction Documents or the Certificates, except where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the 
interests of both the Certificateholders and the other Secured Creditors of such Series, but if, in the Trustee's 
sole opinion, there is a conflict between their interests, it will have regard solely to the interests of such 
Certificateholders and no other Secured Creditor will have any claim against the Trustee for so doing. When 
exercising its powers, authorities, duties and discretions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the 
Certificateholders of the relevant Series as a class and will not have regard for the interests of an individual 
Certificateholder. 
 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed if, with respect to the exercise by the Trustee of any of its powers, trusts, 
authorities, duties or discretions vested in it by any relevant Trust Document, the other Transaction Documents 
or the Certificates, two or more Series of Certificates are relevant to such exercise and, in the Trustee's sole 
opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of Certificateholders of such different Series, it will have regard 
solely to the interests of the Certificateholders of such Series which has the greatest number of Certificates 
outstanding at the relevant time and no Certificateholder of any other Series shall have any claim against the 
Trustee for so doing. 
 
After the Security in respect of a particular Series is enforced by the Trustee, all moneys received by or on 
behalf of the Trustee or any Receiver appointed under the provisions of the Trust Deed or Security Deed 
applicable to that Series, in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the Security constituted shall be 
applied in respect of such Series in accordance with the priority of payments as set out in the Trust Deed and 
Condition 5.5 (Payments Priorities). 
 
Replacement of Service Providers 
 
The Trust Deed contains provisions in relation to the appointment of any successor Portfolio Administrator, 
Custodian, Account Bank, Principal Paying Agent and Paying Agent (where such Paying Agent is the sole 
remaining Paying Agent with its office in any city where a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system on which any Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation requires there to be a Paying 
Agent, such agent being a "Required Paying Agent") (each a "Service Provider"). If a Service Provider 
notifies the Issuer that it will resign its appointment or the Issuer delivers a written notice to a Service Provider 
that the appointment of the Service Provider will be revoked or terminated or such Service Provider's 
appointment under the Portfolio Administration and Advisory Agreement, Secured Custody Agreements, the 
Account Bank Agreement or Agency Agreement (each a "Relevant Service Provider Agreement") is

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
terminated for any reason, the Portfolio Adviser may (but shall not be obliged to) identify a successor Service 
Provider, which meets the criteria specified therein and which will agree to be appointed by the Issuer on 
substantially the same terms as the Relevant Service Provider Agreement. 
 
The successor Service Provider identified by the Portfolio Adviser in accordance with the Trust Deed shall be 
appointed by the Issuer only if it is willing to enter into an agreement with the parties to the Relevant Service 
Provider Agreement (other than the departing Service Provider), which provides for the successor Service 
Provider to be remunerated at such a rate as is agreed by the Issuer (having regard to the advice of the Portfolio 
Adviser) and is otherwise on substantially the same terms as those of the Relevant Service Provider Agreement; 
provided that if different remuneration is agreed with the successor Service Provider than is specified in the 
Relevant Service Provider Agreement, the new Relevant Service Provider Agreement will specify the 
remuneration agreed with the successor Service Provider, and the Issuer (and the Portfolio Adviser) shall make 
any necessary amendments to the Fees and Expenses Agreement so that such fees are covered by the terms of the 
Fees and Expenses Agreement. 
 
The Trust Deed will be governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law. 
 
Security Deed 
 
A Security Deed will be entered into in respect of each Series of Certificates at the time that the first Tranche of 
Certificates of such Series is issued. Pursuant to the Security Deed applicable to a Series of Certificates and for 
the benefit of that Series of Certificates only, the Issuer will create the following Security Interests with full title 
guarantee and as continuing security for the Secured Obligations in favour of the Trustee for the Trustee itself 
and on trust for the Secured Creditors: 
 
(a) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to any Underlying Precious 
Metal to which such Series of Certificates are linked, from time to time, standing to the credit of the 
Secured Unallocated Account in respect of such Series and all rights and sums derived therefrom 
from time to time; 
 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to any Underlying Precious 
Metal to which such Series of Certificates are linked, from time to time, standing to the credit of the 
Secured Allocated Account in respect of such Series and all rights and sums derived therefrom from 
time to time; 
 
(c) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the Issuer Cash Account; 
and 
 
(d) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to each of the 
Transaction Documents to the extent they relate to the Certificates of such Series and any sums payable 
thereunder including the Issuer's rights to any sums held by any other party thereto to meet payments

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
due in respect of the Certificates of such Series, but only to the extent the same related to the 
Certificates of such Series. 
 
Upon the Trustee being satisfied as to the irrevocable and unconditional payment or discharge of the Secured 
Obligations, the Trustee will, at the request and cost of the Issuer, release, discharge or reassign the Secured 
Property to the Issuer. 
 
At any time following an Event of Default in respect of any particular Series that is continuing, the Trustee shall 
(if directed by the Holders of the Certificates of such Series) or otherwise in its discretion may (in either case 
subject to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any loss, liability, cost, 
claim, action, demand or expense which may be incurred or made against it in connection therewith), accelerate 
the relevant Series of Certificates by delivering an Enforcement Notice. To enforce the Security in respect of 
any particular Series over the relevant Secured Property the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all 
or part of that Secured Property or sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of that Secured Property 
in such manner and on such terms as it shall think fit and exercise any other right, power or discretion under the 
Trust Deed or relevant Security Deed or at law available to it. 
 
Each Security Deed will be governed by and be construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Account Control Agreement 
 
Pursuant to each Account Control Agreement, the Account Bank, among other things, undertakes to comply 
with certain instructions of the Trustee in respect of the Issuer Cash Account and the Account Bank and the 
Issuer agree that following the delivery of a notice of exclusive control by the Trustee, the Issuer will no longer 
be entitled to give instructions with regard to the Issuer Cash Account. 
 
Each Account Control Agreement will be governed by English law. 
 
Portfolio Administration Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Portfolio Administrator has agreed to act as portfolio 
administrator and registrar for the Issuer. The Portfolio Administration Agreement sets out the authority and 
duties of the Portfolio Administrator and the indemnities provided to it. It also specifies certain limitations of 
liability, representations and warranties and terms relating to fees and expenses of the Portfolio Administrator. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement the Portfolio Administrator will make 
various non- discretionary determinations that affect the Certificates of a Series including, without limitation, 
determining the Cash Amount payable or Delivery Amount deliverable on any redemption of such Certificates. 
The Portfolio Administrator will also be responsible for: the administration of the cash flows into and out of the 
Issuer Cash Accounts; the deliveries of the Precious Metals into and out of the Secured Custody Accounts; 
requesting the Precious Metals Counterparty to sell or purchase Precious Metal under the Precious Metals Sale

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and Purchase Agreement; and the administration of certain aspects of Certificate holder Optional Redemption. 
The Portfolio Administration will also be responsible for establishing and maintaining the Register in respect 
of the Certificates of each Series whilst they are represented by Global Certificates and for certain other registrar 
functions. 
 
The Portfolio Administrator may resign its appointment under the Portfolio Administration Agreement upon 
not less than 90 days written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee and the Portfolio Adviser. 
 
The Portfolio Administrator may be removed upon 90 days written notice by the Issuer to the Portfolio 
Administrator, with a copy of such notice to the Trustee and the Portfolio Adviser. 
 
The Portfolio Administrator or the Issuer may also terminate the Portfolio Administration Agreement 
immediately upon written notice to the other party following the occurrence of certain events, including (a) a 
party committing a material breach of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, (b) the continued performance 
of the Portfolio Administration Agreement ceasing to be lawful or (c) a party admits it is unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due or a party is subject to examinership, receivership or liquidation proceedings. 
 
Following the resignation or removal of the Portfolio Administrator, the Issuer may be obliged to make certain 
payments to the outgoing Portfolio Administrator. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and except in relation 
to an immediate termination and subject to certain conditions, no termination of the appointment of, or 
resignation of, the Portfolio Administrator shall be effective until such time as a successor to the Portfolio 
Administrator has agreed in writing to assume all of the Portfolio Administrator's duties and obligations under 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
 
The Portfolio Administration Agreement will be governed by and be construed in accordance with Irish law. 
 
Advisory Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Portfolio Adviser has agreed to act as portfolio adviser for the Issuer. 
The Advisory Agreement sets out the authority and duties of the Portfolio Adviser and the indemnities provided 
by and to it. It also specifies certain limitations of liability, representations and warranties and terms relating to 
fees and expenses of the Portfolio Adviser. The Portfolio Adviser will provide certain advisory services and 
other duties expressly set out in the Advisory Agreement including determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event or a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists at any relevant time and the identification of successor 
Service Providers in accordance with the Trust Deed. 
 
The Portfolio Adviser may resign their appointment under the Advisory Agreement upon 60 calendar days' 
prior written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee. 
 
The Portfolio Adviser may be removed immediately on written notice by the Issuer and copied to the Trustee.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Following the resignation or removal of the Portfolio Adviser, the Issuer may be obliged to make certain 
payments to the Portfolio Adviser. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and subject to certain conditions 
(including those set out in the following paragraph), no termination of the appointment of, or resignation of, the 
Portfolio Adviser shall be effective until such time as a successor to the Portfolio Adviser has agreed in writing 
to assume all of such Portfolio Adviser's duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement. 
 
Upon any removal or resignation of the Portfolio Adviser, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a successor to the Portfolio Adviser in accordance with the Advisory Agreement and, but if the Issuer 
fails to do so before the expiry of the relevant notice period the Portfolio Adviser may, but shall not be obliged 
to, appoint its own successor. 
 
The Advisory Agreement will be governed by and be construed in accordance with English law." 
 
Agency Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to arrange to make certain payments 
in respect of those Certificates in respect of which it has been appointed from time to time and the Issuer has 
agreed to pay certain fees and expenses of the Principal Paying Agent. The Issuer has also agreed to indemnify 
the Principal Paying Agent against certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as agent of the Issuer in 
relation to such Certificates. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Principal Paying Agent has not been 
appointed in relation to any Series of Certificates. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent may resign its appointment under the Agency Agreement upon not less than 90 
days written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee and the Portfolio Adviser. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent may be removed upon 90 days written notice by the Issuer to the Principal Paying 
Agent, with a copy of such notice to the Trustee and the Portfolio Adviser. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer may also terminate the Agency Agreement immediately upon written 
notice to the other party following the occurrence of certain events, including (a) a party committing a material 
breach of the Agency Agreement, (b) the continued performance of the Agency Agreement ceasing to be lawful 
or (c) a party admits it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or a party is subject to examinership, receivership 
or liquidation proceedings. 
 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and except in relation to an immediate termination and subject to certain 
conditions, no termination of the appointment of, or resignation of, the Principal Paying Agent shall be effective 
until such time as a successor to the Principal Paying Agent has agreed in writing to assume all of the Principal 
Paying Agent's duties and obligations under the Agency Agreement. 
 
The Agency Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICSD Agency Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the ICSD Agency Agreement, for so long as each Series of Certificates is represented by a Global 
Certificate which is registered in the name of a nominee for, and deposited with, the common depositary for a 
Clearing System, the ICSD Paying Agent has agreed arrange to make certain payments in respect of the each 
Series of Certificates and the Issuer has agreed to pay certain fees and expenses of the ICSD Paying Agent. The 
Issuer has also agreed to indemnify the ICSD Paying Agent against certain liabilities incurred in connection 
with acting as agent of the Issuer in relation to the Certificates. 
 
The ICSD Paying Agent may resign its appointment under the ICSD Agency Agreement upon not less than 60 
days written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee. Such resignation will not be effective until such 
time as a successor to the ICSD Paying Agent has been appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of 
the ICSD Agency Agreement. 
 
The ICSD Paying Agent may be removed upon 60 days written notice by the Issuer to the ICSD Paying Agent, 
with a copy of such notice to the Trustee. 
 
The Issuer may also terminate the ICSD Agency Agreement immediately upon written notice to the ICSD 
Paying Agent following the occurrence of certain events, including (a) the ICSD Paying Agent committing a 
material breach of the ICSD Agency Agreement or (b) certain insolvency events apply in respect of the ICSD 
Paying Agent. 
 
The ICSD Agency Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement and Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement and the Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement 
(together the "Secured Custody Agreements") between the Issuer, the Custodian, the Trustee and the Portfolio 
Administrator, a Secured Unallocated Account and a Secured Allocated Account will be established and 
maintained in respect of each Series of Certificates to hold the Precious Metal to which the Certificates of such 
Series are linked. 
 
(a) 
Establishment of Secured Custody Accounts: 
 
"Secured Custody Accounts" means the Secured Allocated Account and Secured Unallocated 
Account of a particular Series, or the Secured Allocated Accounts and Secured Unallocated Accounts 
of all Series, as the context requires. 
 
The Custodian will, on or about the time of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificate in relation to 
a particular Series, open and maintain a Secured Allocated Account and a Secured Unallocated 
Account in respect of that Series in the name of the Issuer (as mortgagor to the Trustee for itself and 
on behalf of the Certificateholders of that Series). The Secured Custody Accounts for each Series

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shall evidence and record the Underlying Precious Metal, to which Certificates of such Series are 
linked, held by the Custodian as well as the withdrawals from and deposits to those accounts. The 
Secured Custody Accounts holding gold will be denominated in fine troy ounces. Each of the other 
Secured Custody Accounts will be denominated in troy ounces. 
 
(b) 
Reporting and corrections: 
 
The Custodian will provide reports to the Portfolio Administrator by the close of each Business Day 
on which there has been a change to the balance of such account identifying withdrawals from and 
deposits to a Secured Custody Account for each Series and such additional reports as may be agreed 
from time to time. Following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of any Series of 
Certificates, the Custodian will provide to the Trustee such reports relating to that Series of 
Certificates. The Custodian retains the right to reverse recording errors with retrospective effect. 
 
(c) 
Instructions: 
 
Instructions relating to intended deposits and withdrawals of Underlying Precious Metals to and from 
a Secured Custody Account must be delivered by the Portfolio Administrator in accordance with the 
provisions of the Secured Custody Agreements. The Custodian may amend the procedure for deposits 
of Underlying Precious Metal to, or withdrawals from, a Secured Custody Account or impose 
additional procedures as it considers appropriate in certain circumstances. It is intended that in order 
to withdraw Underlying Precious Metal from a Secured Allocated Account, such Underlying Precious 
Metal will first be "de-allocated" by being transferred to the Secured Unallocated Account applicable 
to the same Series of Certificates as the Secured Allocated Account. The Issuer and the Custodian have 
agreed that, prior to the delivery of an Enforcement Notice in relation to a Series of Certificates, the 
Portfolio Administrator shall have the right to give instructions to the Custodian for the withdrawal of 
Underlying Precious Metal from the Secured Allocated Account or Secured Unallocated Account in 
relation to that Series of Certificates, whether by way of de-allocation or by way of collection or 
delivery, credit or debit. 
 
(d) 
Unclear instructions: 
 
If, in the Custodian's opinion, any instructions are unclear or ambiguous, the Custodian shall use 
reasonable endeavours to obtain clarification of those instructions from the Portfolio Administrator 
and, failing that, the Custodian may in its absolute discretion and without any liability on its part, act 
upon what the Custodian believes in good faith such instructions to be or refuse to take any action or 
execute such instructions until any ambiguity or conflict has been resolved to the Custodian's 
satisfaction.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Segregation of Underlying Precious Metals credited to the Secured Allocated Accounts: 
 
The Custodian will segregate the Underlying Precious Metal credited to each Secured Allocated 
Account from any other such Precious Metals which it holds for its own account or for its other clients 
by entering appropriate entries in its books and records, and will require any sub- custodians it 
appoints to so segregate the Underlying Precious Metals in the same manner. The Custodian will 
identify in its books the Issuer (as mortgagor to the Trustee for itself and on behalf of the 
Certificateholders of a particular Series) as the person for whom the Underlying Precious Metal 
credited to the Secured Allocated Account in relation to that Series is held. Unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer and the Custodian, Underlying Precious Metals will be held at the Custodian's 
London vault premises or, by or for any sub-custodian permitted in accordance with the terms of the 
Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement. 
 
(f) 
Sub-custodians: 
 
The Custodian has the right, under the terms of the Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement, to appoint 
sub- custodians. The Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement requires the Custodian to use reasonable 
care in the appointment of any sub-custodian. The Custodian will make commercially reasonable 
efforts to obtain delivery of Underlying Precious Metals from sub- custodians, but will not be liable in 
contract, tort or otherwise for any loss, damage or expense arising directly or indirectly from any act 
or omission, or insolvency, of any sub- custodian or any further delegate of such sub- custodian unless 
the appointment of that sub-custodian was made by the Custodian negligently or in bad faith. 
 
(g) 
Fees and expenses: 
 
The Issuer will pay the Custodian such fees as the Custodian from time to time agrees with the Issuer. 
The Custodian reserves the right to amend the fee structure from time to time and, under the terms of 
the Secured Custody Agreements, will notify the Issuer and the Portfolio Administrator in writing no 
less than 90 days before such changes become effective. The Issuer must reimburse the Custodian on 
demand for all reasonable costs, charges and expenses (including any relevant Taxes, duties and legal 
fees) incurred by the Custodian in connection with the performance of its duties and obligations under 
the Secured Custody Agreements or otherwise in connection with the Secured Custody Accounts. 
Unless otherwise agreed with the Custodian, no interest or other amount will be paid by the Custodian 
on any credit balance on the Secured Custody Accounts. If the Issuer fails to pay the Custodian any 
amount when it is due, the Custodian reserves the right to charge the Issuer default interest (both 
before and after any judgement) on any such unpaid amount.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
VAT: 
 
All sums payable under the Secured Custody Agreements by the Issuer to the Custodian shall be 
deemed to be exclusive of VAT. 
 
(i) 
Scope of responsibility - general: 
 
The Custodian will use reasonable care in the performance of its duties under the Secured Custody 
Agreements. The Custodian will only be responsible for any loss or damage to an Underlying Precious 
Metal suffered as a direct result of any negligence, fraud or wilful default on its part in the performance 
of its duties. With respect to each Series of Certificates, the Custodian's liability will not exceed the 
aggregate market value of the amount of Underlying Precious Metal to which that Series is linked 
standing to the credit of the Secured Custody Account of that Series at the time of such negligence, 
fraud or wilful default. The Custodian is under no duty or obligation to make or take, or require any 
sub-custodian to make or take, any special arrangements or precautions beyond those required by any 
applicable rules of the LBMA, the LPPM or any other applicable regulatory authority. 
 
(j) 
Scope of responsibility - insurance: 
 
In the Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement there is no obligation on the Custodian to insure any 
Precious Metal standing to the credit of any Secured Unallocated Account. However, in the Secured 
Allocated Accounts Agreement the Custodian has agreed to insure the Underlying Precious Metal 
standing to the credit of each Secured Allocated Account for the Issuer against any risk (including the 
risk of loss, damage, destruction or mis- delivery) on such terms and conditions as the Custodian 
considers appropriate and the Issuer will be responsible for all costs, fees and expenses (including any 
relevant Taxes) in relation to the insurance policy. 
 
(k) 
Scope of responsibility - Force Majeure: 
 
The Custodian shall not be liable for any delay in performance, or for the non-performance of any of 
its obligations under the Secured Custody Agreements by reason of any cause beyond the Custodian's 
reasonable control. This includes any breakdown, malfunction or failure of, or in connection with, 
any communication, computer, transmission, clearing or settlement facilities, industrial action, acts 
and regulations of any governmental or supra national bodies or authorities, or the rules of any 
relevant regulatory or self-regulatory organisation. 
 
(l) 
Scope of responsibility - indemnity from Issuer: 
 
The Issuer shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Custodian on demand (on an after tax basis) 
against all costs and expenses, damages, liabilities and losses which the Custodian may suffer or incur,

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
directly or indirectly in connection with the Secured Custody Agreements except to the extent that 
such sums are due directly to the Custodian's negligence, wilful default or fraud. 
 
(m) 
Resignation: 
 
The Custodian may resign its appointment under the Secured Custody Agreements at any time by 
giving not less than 90 calendar days written notice to the other parties, provided that: (a) if such 
resignation would otherwise take effect less than 30 days before or after the Final Discharge Date or 
other date for redemption of the last outstanding Series of Certificates, it shall not take effect until the 
thirtieth day following such date; and (b) such resignation shall not take effect until a successor has 
been duly appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Secured Custody Agreements and the 
Trust Deed. 
 
(n) 
Revocation: 
 
The Issuer may revoke the Custodian's appointment immediately upon written notice, which 
revocation shall take effect once a successor has been duly appointed in accordance with the 
provisions of the Secured Custody Agreements and the Trust Deed. 
 
(o) 
Automatic termination: 
 
The appointment of the Custodian shall automatically terminate following an insolvency event with 
respect to the Custodian or if it becomes unlawful for the Custodian to perform any of its obligations 
under the Secured Custody Agreements, in which case the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a successor 
in accordance with the provisions of the Secured Custody Agreements and the Trust Deed. 
 
(p) 
Over-allocation: 
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Secured Custody Agreements, the Issuer and the Custodian have agreed 
that the Secured Allocated Account for each Series may be over-allocated by up to a maximum daily 
amount of one single bar of the relevant Underlying Precious Metal. The Custodian has reserved the 
right to withdraw this arrangement on immediate notice. In addition, the Issuer and the Custodian 
continue to have the right to agree further changes to these arrangements in accordance with the 
provisions of the Secured Custody Agreements. 
 
The Secured Custody Agreements are governed by and will be construed in accordance with English 
law. 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
Pursuant to an Authorised Participant Agreement, an authorised participant may be appointed as an Authorised 
Participant in relation to a particular Series of Certificates. The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Certificates will specify which Authorised Participant(s) are appointed in respect of such Tranche. The 
Authorised Participant Agreement deals with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the Authorised 
Participant in relation to subscribing for Certificates. 
 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Authorised Participant Agreement, and upon having 
entered into a Subscription Agreement in relation to a Series, an Authorised Participant may agree with the 
Issuer to subscribe for any Certificates of a Series either by: 
 
(a) 
payment of cash, which will be used by the Portfolio Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to 
purchase the Precious Metal to which such Series is linked from the Precious Metals Counterparty 
under the terms of the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, which will be transferred to the 
Secured Unallocated Account of such Series and thereafter to the Secured Allocated Account of such 
Series maintained by the Custodian for the Issuer; or 
 
(b) 
by the transfer of the Precious Metal to which such Series is linked to the Secured Unallocated 
Account of such Series maintained by the Custodian for the Issuer which will then, on or about the 
date of issue of such Certificates, be transferred to the Secured Allocated Account of such Series 
maintained by the Custodian for the Issuer, together with an amount of cash in respect of any 
applicable subscription fees; or 
 
(c) 
a combination of the above. 
 
Additional Authorised Participants may accede to the Authorised Participant Agreement in respect of the 
Certificates, provided that at least 30 calendar days' notice will be provided to the Portfolio Administrator of any 
such accession. 
 
Upon the issue of each Series of Certificates, a Subscription Agreement, substantially in the form attached to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, will be entered into between the Issuer and the Authorised Person 
subscribing for the Certificates. 
 
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Authorised Participants will agree to provide to the Issuer 
the contact details to be used from time to time for any notices or other communications to such Authorised 
Participant under any Transaction Document. 
 
The appointment of an Authorised Participant may be terminated: (i) upon such Authorised Participant giving 
at least 30 calendar days' written notice of such termination to the Issuer or (ii) upon the Issuer giving at least 
30 calendar days' written notice of such termination to such Authorised Participant. 
 
The Issuer has agreed in the Authorised Participant Agreement to indemnify each Authorised Participant against 
certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Certificates and each Authorised Participant has

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the performance of its duties as 
Authorised Participant. 
 
The Authorised Participant Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Account Bank Agreement 
 
The Account Bank Agreement comprises a set of terms and conditions under which the Account Bank will 
establish and maintain an Issuer Cash Account for each Series of Certificates subject to the security created 
pursuant to the Security Deed relating to that Series of Certificates. 
 
The Account Bank or the Issuer may close an Issuer Cash Account or terminate the Account Bank's services on 
not less than 30 calendar days' notice to the other. Such closure or termination shall take effect only once 
successor arrangements have been put in place. 
 
The Issuer may also close an Issuer Cash Account or terminate the Account Bank's services upon immediate 
written notice following an insolvency event with respect to the Account Bank, and either the Issuer or the 
Account Bank may do so if it becomes unlawful for the Account Bank to perform any of its obligations under 
the Account Bank Agreement. The Account Bank Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with English law. 
 
Global Custody Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Global Custody Agreement, the Global Custodian will establish and maintain cash and securities 
accounts in the name of the Issuer and perform settlement functions in relation to the Certificates on the 
instructions of the Issuer and its authorised persons. 
 
The Global Custody Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with Irish law. 
 
Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Precious Metals Counterparty has agreed to 
act as counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the purchase and sale of Precious Metals. 
 
Purchases: 
 
On or about the Issue Date of any Tranche of a Series of Certificates (if any Authorised Participant subscribes 
for Certificates, in any portion, by cash payment, rather than by transfer of Precious Metals) the relevant amount 
of the Precious Metal to which such Certificates are linked will be purchased from the Precious Metals 
Counterparty at the Reference Price applicable at the time of such purchase to such Precious Metal under the 
terms of the Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement. Each purchase is to be settled by the book-entry 
transfer on an unallocated basis of the relevant amount of the Precious Metal to which such Series is linked from

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the unallocated account in London of the Precious Metals Counterparty (or such other unallocated account held 
with a member of the LBMA or LPPM, as applicable, as may be specified by the Precious Metals Counterparty) 
to the Secured Unallocated Account of such Series, against payment of the relevant Reference Price by the 
Issuer from the Issuer Cash Account of such Series to the Precious Metals Counterparty. For the avoidance of 
doubt, there will be no movements of physical quantities of Precious Metal. 
 
Sales: 
 
From time to time during the term of the Certificates of any Series linked to a Precious Metal, an amount of the 
Underlying Precious Metal to which such Series is linked equal to the Combined Fees of such Series for the 
relevant Combined Fees Calculation Period will be sold to the Precious Metals Counterparty at the Reference 
Price applicable at the time of such sale to such Precious Metal in order to obtain proceeds to pay, in the normal 
course, to the Portfolio Adviser in consideration for its services as Portfolio Adviser and also its agreement to 
pay the fees and expenses due to the other service providers in respect of the Programme including, in the case 
of Currency Hedged Certificates, the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty (but not including any 
indemnities granted in favour of the other service providers). In addition, in respect of each redemption of 
Certificates where Cash Settlement applies, the relevant amount of the Underlying Precious Metal to which 
such Certificates are linked will be sold to the Precious Metals Counterparty at the Reference Price applicable at 
the time of such sale to such Precious Metal in order to obtain proceeds to pay the Cash Amount of such 
redemption. Each such sale is to be settled by the book-entry transfer on an unallocated basis of the relevant 
amount of the Precious Metal to which such Series is linked from the Secured Unallocated Account of such 
Series to the unallocated account in London of the Precious Metals Counterparty (or such other unallocated 
account held with a member of the LBMA or LPPM, as applicable, as may be specified by the Precious Metals 
Counterparty), against payment of the relevant Reference Price to the Issuer Cash Account of such Series (or 
as otherwise directed by the Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, there will be no movements of physical 
quantities of Precious Metal. 
 
The Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement shall terminate automatically if the Secured Custody 
Agreements are terminated for any reason but may not otherwise be terminated save with the agreement in 
writing of each of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Precious Metals Counterparty and the Portfolio Administrator. 
 
The Precious Metals Sale and Purchase Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
English law. 
 
Fees and Expenses Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Fees and Expenses Agreement and in respect of each Series of Certificates, the Issuer will pay 
to the Portfolio Adviser an amount equal to the Combined Fees (the "Portfolio Adviser Fee") in connection with 
each Combined Fees Calculation Date (as it occurs from time to time) in respect of that Series. The Portfolio 
Adviser Fee is payable by the Issuer to the Portfolio Adviser for its services under the Advisory Agreement and 
the Fees and Expenses Agreement. In consideration of the payment by the Issuer of the Portfolio Adviser Fee,

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Portfolio Adviser will agree to pay to the Issuer or to its order amounts equal to the ongoing fees and expenses 
of the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The Portfolio Adviser shall be under no obligation to pay or 
otherwise reimburse the Issuer in respect of any indemnity granted by the Issuer in favour of a Secured Creditor 
in respect of any Series of Certificates in connection with the Programme. 
 
The Fees and Expenses Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Master Definitions Deed 
 
Pursuant to the Master Definitions Deed, the parties to the Master Definitions Deed will agree to certain 
definitions and principles of construction which will apply to each of the Transaction Documents, to the extent 
not otherwise defined or provided in the relevant Transaction Document. 
 
The Master Definitions Deed will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
FX Hedging Arrangements in relation to Currency Hedged Certificates 
 
The terms of the Currency Hedged Certificates incorporate an FX hedging mechanism that seeks to reduce the 
exposure of the Currency Hedged Certificates to exchange rate fluctuations between the Specified Currency in 
which the Currency Hedged Certificates are denominated and the Metal Currency in which the relevant 
Underlying Precious Metal is denominated. This is achieved by reflecting the effect of a notional forward sale 
of the Metal Currency and purchase of the currency in which the Currency Hedged Certificates are denominated. 
The hedging mechanism may result in gains or losses. Such gains or losses will be reflected in the Per Certificate 
Entitlement and will therefore impact the value per Currency Hedged Certificate. This gain or loss aims to help 
offset any loss or gain in the value of the Currency Hedged Certificate (expressed in the Specified Currency) 
that is attributable to FX movements. However, the foreign exchange hedge will not perfectly offset such FX 
movements, owing primarily to transaction costs and the manner in which FX transactions are traded. This is 
explained further under "How the hedging mechanism works in practice" below. 
 
In connection with each Series of Currency Hedged Certificates, the Issuer shall enter into a transaction with the 
Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty relating to the relevant Series of Currency Hedged Certificates. The 
Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty as of the date of this Base Prospectus is expected to be JP Morgan 
SE. 
 
Under the terms of the relevant transaction, the Issuer will be obligated to make a delivery to the Currency Hedged 
Certificates Counterparty of unallocated Metal relating to a Series of Certificates if the Daily Metal Transfer 
Amount (defined below) is negative in respect of a Business Day, and the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty will be obligated to make a delivery to the Issuer of unallocated Metal relating to a Series of 
Certificates if the Daily Metal Transfer Amount (defined below) is positive in respect of a Business Day.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The "Daily Metal Transfer Amount", in respect of a Business Day and a Series of Certificates, is an amount 
of Precious Metal in fine troy ounces determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to: 
 
(a) 
the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that Business Day; 
divided by 
(b) 
the Metal Reference Price for that Business Day plus, where the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that 
Business Day is positive, the Metal Transaction Cost for that Business Day and, where the FX 
Gain/Loss Per Certificate for that Business Day is negative, minus the Metal Transaction Cost for that 
Business Day. 
 
multiplied by 
 
(c) 
the number of outstanding Certificates of the Series as of the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
The transfers on each Business Day are designed to ensure that the Issuer holds Underlying Precious Metal in 
amounts corresponding to the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement of the Currency Hedged Certificates of a 
given Series determined in accordance with the FX hedging mechanism. 
 
If the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty determines, that any index or benchmark by reference to 
which any amount payable under the hedging arrangements, or any formula, calculation or determination 
relating to the hedging arrangements, is determined, is no longer available or permitted to be used, or there have 
been disruptions to relevant currency and/or precious metals markets, then the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty shall be entitled to identify a replacement reference rate and make adjustments to the terms of the 
hedging arrangements that will be binding on the Issuer and the Currency Hedged Certificateholders. 
 
The Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty will be entitled to terminate the hedging arrangements on the 
occurrence of certain changes of law and regulation resulting in a materially increased amount of tax, duty, 
expense, cost of transacting or fee in relation to the activities it may carry out as it deems necessary to trade in 
order to manage the price risk of entering into or performing its obligations with respect to the hedging 
arrangements. The Currency Hedge Certificate Counterparty will also be entitled to terminate the hedging 
arrangements on the occurrence of events or the announcement of events preventing, restricting or delaying 
conversion or deliverability of relevant currencies, or that consist in the imposition of controlled exchange rates, 
currency or capital controls or in other material changes to relevant currencies, or on the continuing occurrence 
of price source disruptions or inaccuracies. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer or the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty may opt to terminate the hedging 
arrangements with at least 30 days' prior notice. 
 
Either party will be entitled to terminate the hedging arrangements in respect of a particular Series if specified 
events of default occur in respect of the other party, including a failure to pay or deliver by the other party or

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
failure to comply with other obligations if not remedied within the relevant grace period, a representation 
proving to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, or in the case of insolvency 
events affecting the other party. 
 
Either party will also be entitled to terminate the hedging arrangements in the event of the occurrence of an 
illegality or tax-related events, including a determination by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty 
that it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next date on which a payment or delivery is (i) 
due to it under the hedging arrangements, receive a payment or delivery from which an amount is required to be 
deducted or withheld for or on account of VAT; or (ii) due from or to it under the hedging arrangements, be liable 
to account for VAT on such payment or delivery (whether such VAT is recoverable or not). 
 
The Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty may, subject to certain conditions, transfer or in certain cases 
be required by the Issuer to transfer, the hedging arrangements and/or in certain cases (including termination of 
the hedging arrangements) the Issuer may enter into a replacement or additional hedging arrangements with an 
Eligible Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty. A transferee, replacement or additional Currency Hedged 
Certificates Counterparty will be an "Eligible Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty" if it is a bank or 
financial institution (which for these purposes shall include any leading dealer or broker in precious metals and 
foreign exchange transactions) incorporated, domiciled and regulated in an OECD country with an investment 
grade rating or higher from an international rating agency or having the benefit of a guarantee from an affiliated 
entity with an investment grade rating or higher from an international rating agency. 
 
The Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider the holders of 
Certificates when exercising any termination or transfer right (or any other right) under the hedging 
arrangements. 
 
Under the terms of the hedging arrangements, the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty shall not be liable 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any holder of Certificates, any 
other Transaction Party or any other person for any loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in 
connection with the performance by the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty of its obligations, except for 
loss arising by reason of (i) any act or omission of the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty constituting 
bad faith, fraud, gross negligence or wilful default or (ii) any failure by the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery required under any express provision of the 
transaction. In addition, if the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty would otherwise be liable for any 
loss arising as the result of such a breach, the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty shall nevertheless incur 
no liability to the Issuer, any holder of Certificates, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such 
breach results from a number of specified categories of circumstances, including (i) acting in accordance with 
the express instructions of the Issuer, the Portfolio Adviser or the Trustee, (ii) certain failures or delays by the 
Issuer, the Portfolio Adviser or any other Transaction Party or (iii) reliance by the Currency Hedged Certificates 
Counterparty on certain rates, amounts, quotations, values, other calculations or determinations or information.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty does not have liability for any consequential, special, indirect 
or speculative loss or damages (including, but not limited to, loss of profits, whether or not foreseeable) suffered 
by the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer has also agreed to indemnify the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty and its affiliates against 
certain liabilities incurred in connection with acting as Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty under the 
hedging arrangements. 
 
How the hedging mechanism works in practice 
 
The following example illustrates the hedging model a Series of Certificates will adopt, by virtue of the hedging 
arrangements between the Issuer and the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty, when the Per Certificate 
Value is intended to primarily reflect the performance of the Underlying Precious Metal but is denominated in 
a currency that is different to the Metal Currency and how this model is used to value the daily Per Certificate 
Entitlement and Per Certificate Value. For the purpose of this example the "GBP Hedged Gold Certificate 
Series" is launched on Business Day 1 ("Day 1" in the example below), and the first Per Certificate Entitlement 
and Per Certificate Value calculation date is Business Day 2 ("Day 2" in the example below). 
 
On each Business Day the hedging arrangements embed a FX hedge transaction for the relevant currency pair 
that is subsequently rolled. The profit or loss from the settlement of the daily FX hedge transaction less costs is 
converted to ounces and added or subtracted from the Per Certificate Entitlement. One of the constituent 
elements of the formula used to calculate FX Transaction Costs is the Spread Adjustment Factor, which is a 
figure specified in the Final Terms for the Certificates which may be subsequently amended by the Portfolio 
Adviser on behalf of the Issuer and the Currency Hedged Certificates Counterparty. 
 
The order of events for the calculation of the hedged series Per Certificate Value is as follows: 
 
1. 
Calculate, on Day 2, the profit or loss on the FX hedge transaction notionally entered into on Day 1. 
The profit or loss will incorporate any movement in the relevant Specified Currency/Metal Currency 
FX rate (i.e. the "FX Spot Reference Level") between Day 1 and Day 2, as well as a notional one day 
forward cost on Day 2 and transaction costs. 
 
2. 
Calculate the transaction costs associated with adjusting the notional value of the FX hedge to be 
entered into notionally on Day 2. The cost of adjusting the notional (i.e. the "FX Cost") will be based 
on the change in value of the metal in the Specified Currency of the Series between the current and 
previous Business Day (i.e. the change in the "Metal FX Reference Price"), the observed FX spread on 
Day 2 (i.e. the "FX Spread") and the profit or loss from the FX hedge transaction described in step 1 
(i.e. the "FXPnL"). When the FX Cost is multiplied by the Day 1 Per Certificate Entitlement (expressed 
in the Metal Currency), this will give the net profit or loss per Certificate, after transaction costs, in 
Metal Currency terms (i.e. the "FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate").

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
Convert the net profit or loss per Certificate into metal oz which is to be transferred to or from the Issuer 
in respect of the Series (i.e. the "Daily Metal Transfer Amount"). This is the equivalent of a purchase 
or sale of metal oz, executed at the relevant Metal Reference Price and is subject to transaction costs. 
 
4. 
Calculate the daily product fee (i.e. the "Reduction Percentage"), consisting of an Issuer percentage 
and a FX hedging fee percentage, in terms of metal oz and deduct this from the Day 1 Per Certificate 
Entitlement. 
 
5. 
Calculate the Day 2 Per Certificate Entitlement using the Day 1 Per Certificate Entitlement less the 
daily product fee in step 4, plus or minus the net profit or loss in metal oz from the FX hedge 
transaction calculated in step 3. 
 
6. 
Finally, calculate the Day 2 Per Certificate Value using the metal fix price for Day 2, the Day 2 Per 
Certificate Entitlement as described in step 5 and the relevant Specified Currency/Metal Currency FX 
rate for the relevant currency pair for Day 2. 
 
Illustration of calculations 
 
For the purpose of this calculation we will assume the following prices: 
 
Day 1 
Day 2 
% Change 
Metal Reference Price 
1700 
1750 
2.9412% 
FX Spot Reference Level 
1.25 
1.3 
4.0000% 
Per Certificate Entitlement 
0.05 
Initial series issue value USD 
85 
Initial series issue value GBP 
68 
1 day FX forward Reference point 
0.00007 
FX transaction cost 
0.00002 
0.00002 
FX Spread 
0.00025 
0.00025

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The below steps correspond to the order of events above. 
 
Step 1  On Day 1 the model would hedge the currency exposure by selling $85.00 in exchange for a fixed GBP 
amount for settlement two Business Days later (as per the table the FX rate was 1.25). As the FX hedge 
is settled and rolls on a daily basis, adjustments are made to the Day 2 spot FX rate to remove a 
notional 1 day forward cost and effectively match the settlement timing of the Day 1 spot trade, which 
will be on Business Day 3. A further adjustment is made to the Day 2 FX rate to allow for costs 
associated with the FX trade and forward transactions. 
 
Day 2 adjusted FX rate = $1.3 - 0.00007 – 0.00002 = 1.29991 
 
The Day 1 FX rate is also then adjusted to allow for transaction costs. 
 
Day 1 adjusted FX rate = $1.25 + 0.00002 = 1.25002 
 
The difference between the Day 1 adjusted FX rate and Day 2 adjusted FX rate is the profit or loss 
per GBP, which is then multiplied by the Day 1 Per Certificate Value to provide the total profit or loss 
per Certificate arising from FX movement in USD terms. 
 
FXPnL per unit GBP = 1.29991 – 1.25002 = $0.04989 
 
Total USD FXPnL per Certificate = $0.04989 * 68 = $3.39252 
 
Step 2  The transaction costs relative to the adjustment of the notional hedge value on Day 2 is calculated 
using the daily change in the metal value in GBP terms between Day 1 and Day 2. 
 
($1,750 / 1.3 ) – ( $1,700 / 1.25 ) = -£13.8461538462 
 
The above shows that the Gold value in GBP terms has decreased by £13.8461538462 per troy oz 
between Day 1 and Day 2, using the daily spot FX rates. Consequently, the notional FX hedge for 
Day 2 needs to be decreased in which a transaction cost is charged. The charge for this adjustment 
uses the observed FX spread for Day 2. 
 
FX hedge transaction cost = £13.8461538462 * 0.00025 = $0.0034615385 per troy oz 
 
The cost of adjusting the FX hedge per troy oz is then multiplied by the Day 1 Per Certificate 
Entitlement to give the full transaction cost per Certificate. 
 
FXCost per Certificate = $0.0034615385 * 0.05 = $0.0001730769

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate, after transaction costs, for Day 2 is calculated by deducting the 
FXCost per Certificate from the total USD FXPnL per Certificate calculated in Step 1 above. 
 
FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate = $3.39252 - $0.0001730769 = $3.3923469231 
 
Step 3  To convert the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate into metal, gold is purchased at the relevant fix price 
plus a transaction cost of $0.1 per troy oz. The amount of gold purchased is therefore the FX 
Gain/Loss Per Certificate divided by the total gold purchase price per troy oz and is transferred to the 
Issuer's metal custody account. 
 
Gold to be purchased = $3.3923469231 / ( $1,750 + $0.10 ) = 0.0019383732 troy oz per Certificate 
 
Step 4 For the purpose of this example we assume that the annual product fee (i.e. the Reduction Percentage) 
is 0.39% per annum (Issuer percentage plus FX hedging fee percentage). This amount is to be 
converted to a daily amount of metal in troy oz and deducted from the Day 1 Per Certificate 
Entitlement. 
 
Daily Product Fee = 0.39% * 0.05 (Day 1 Per Certificate Entitlement) / 360 = 0.0000005417 troy 
oz 
 
Day 1 Per Certificate Entitlement less Daily Product Fee = 0.05 - 0.0000005417 = 0.0499994583 
 
Step 5  The Day 2 Per Certificate Entitlement is then determined by adding the FX Gain/Loss Per Certificate 
in troy oz calculated in Step 3 (FX hedge profit less transaction costs) to the Day 1 Per Certificate 
Entitlement less the Daily Product Fee. 
 
Day 2 Per Certificate Entitlement = 0.0499994583 + 0.0019383732 = 0.0519378315 
 
Step 6  Finally, the Per Certificate Value for day 2 is calculated using the Day 2 gold fixing price, the spot 
FX rate and the Day 2 Per Certificate Entitlement calculated in Step 5. 
 
Day 2 Per Certificate Value = $1,750 * 0.0519378315 / 1.3 = £69.9163 
 
The table is now updated to reflect the calculated values on Day 2 
 
Day 1 
Day 2 
% Change 
Metal Reference Price 
1700 
1750 
2.9412% 
FX spot rate 
1.25 
1.3 
4.0000%

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Per Certificate Entitlement 
0.05 
0.0519378315 
3.8757% 
Per Certificate Value USD 
85 
90.8912 
6.9308% 
Per Certificate Value GBP 
68 
69.9163 
2.8181%

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
General 
 
The Issuer was registered and incorporated with the name Source Physical Markets plc on 26 May 2009 as a 
public limited company in Ireland under the Irish Companies Acts 1963 – 2009 (which have been repealed and 
replaced by the Irish Companies Act 2014) with registration number 471344. The Issuer changed its name from 
Source Physical Markets plc to Invesco Physical Markets plc on 23 March 2018 pursuant to a special resolution 
of the member of the Issuer dated 21 March 2018. The Issuer has been incorporated for an indefinite period. The 
Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing certificates which are backed 
by physical collateral. The registered office of the Issuer is at Block A, George's Quay Plaza, George's Quay, 
Dublin 2, Ireland, telephone number +353 1 963 1030. The website of the Portfolio Adviser is available at 
etf.invesco.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is 
€40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of €1 each, of which €40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares 
of €1 each have been issued. All of the issued shares are fully-paid up and are held to the order of Vistra Trust 
Services (Ireland) Limited (formerly Vistra Capital Markets (Ireland) Limited) (the "Share Trustee"), under the 
terms of a declaration of trust governed by the laws of Ireland (the "Declaration of Trust") dated 12 June 2009 
under which the Share Trustee holds them on trust for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no beneficial 
interest in and derives no benefit (other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares 
of the Issuer. 
 
Business 
 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing asset backed securities. 
 
So long as any of the Certificates remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent of 
the Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any business (other than acquiring 
and holding the Secured Property, issuing further Certificates and entering into related agreements and 
transactions as described in this Base Prospectus, or, inter alia, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries or 
employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities), consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially 
as an entity to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the Conditions and the Trust Deed) or issue any 
shares (other than such shares as were in issue on 10 June 2009). 
 
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of €40,000 representing the issued and paid-up share 
capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Certificates and any Secured Property 
and any other assets on which Certificates are secured. 
 
The Certificates are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Share Trustee or the Trustee. Furthermore, 
they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any other party.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Save in respect of the fees generated in connection with Certificates, any related profits and the proceeds of any 
deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing the Issuer's issued and paid-up share 
capital, the Issuer does not expect to accumulate any surpluses. 
 
Directors 
 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
 
Eimir McGrath 
Business Manager 
 
Stephen McCormack 
Business Manager 
 
The business address of the Directors is the same as the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited a company incorporated in Ireland with company registration 
number 609709, of Block A, Georges Quay Plaza, Georges Quay, Dublin 2 is the administrator of the Issuer. Its 
duties include the provision of certain management, administrative, accounting and related services. The 
appointment of the administrator may be terminated by either the Issuer or the administrator without payment of 
any penalty, upon not less than ninety (90) days' written notice to the other party, subject (in the case of a termination 
by the administrator) to the appointment of an alternative administrator on similar terms to the existing 
administrator. 
 
Financial Statements 
 
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year save that the first financial year was from the date of 
incorporation to 31 December 2009. The Issuer has published its audited annual financial statements in respect 
of the periods ending on 31 December 2010, 31 December 2011, 31 December 2012, 31 December 
2013, 31 December 2014, 31 December 2015, 31 December 2016, 31 December 2017, 31 December 2018, 31 
December 2019, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and, most recently 31 December 
2023, copies of which have been submitted to Euronext Dublin and have been made available for inspection in 
the manner described below.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
 
Intertrust Trustees Limited ("ITL") is registered in England and Wales under company number 07359549. ITL 
acts as both note and security trustee for debt capital market instruments ranging from conventional debt 
structures, through to asset finance, structured finance and ABS transactions.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ("JPM Bank") is a wholly owned bank subsidiary of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co., a Delaware corporation whose principal office is located in New York, New York. JPM Bank 
offers a wide range of banking services to its customers, both domestically and internationally. It is chartered 
and its business is subject to examination and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.  
 
As of 31 December 2023, JPM Bank, had total assets of $ 3,395.1 billion, total loans of $ 1,331.1 billion and 
total equity capital of $ 299.3 billion. These figures are extracted from JPM Bank's unaudited Consolidated 
Reports of Condition and Income (the "Call Report") as of 31 December 2023, prepared in accordance with 
regulatory instructions that do not in all cases follow U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which are 
filed with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Call Report, including any update to the above 
quarterly figures, can be found at www.fdic.gov.  
 
Additional information, including the most recent annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 
2023, of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the 2023 Annual Report of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and additional annual, 
quarterly and current reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
by JPMorgan Chase & Co., as they become available, may be obtained from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR 
 
Incorporated in 1990, J.P. Morgan Administration Services (Ireland) Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of J.P. 
Morgan International Finance Ltd and is ultimately a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of US $4.09 trillion as of 
March 31, 2024.  We operate in more than 60 countries. The firm’s activities are organised into 
multiple business segments.  The wholesale businesses are comprised of the Commercial & 
Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management.  The consumer business is Consumer & 
Community Banking (CCB). 
A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. has served as an advisor, underwriter, 
and lender to an extensive roster of major companies for over 150 years.  This is a testament to our stability, 
experience, and track record in the financial services industry.  We offer clients an unrivalled platform of 
complementary and integrated services, including research, trading, financing, collateral management, prime 
brokerage, and securities services. 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. has long-term issuer ratings of AA- by Fitch, A1 by Moody's and A- by Standard &  
Poor's. The short-term issuer ratings are P-1 by Moody's, A-2 by S&P and F1+ by Fitch.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CURRENCY HEDGED CERTIFICATES COUNTERPARTY 
 
General 
 
J.P. Morgan SE is a European company (Societas Europeae, SE) established and existing in accordance with 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany and the European Union with registered address at Taunustor 1 
(TaunusTurm), 60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany and its telephone number is +49 69 71240. J.P. Morgan SE 
is registered with the Commercial Register B (Handelsregister B) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt 
am Main under registration number HRB 126056. 
 
Business 
 
J.P. Morgan SE is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan SE has a full 
banking licence pursuant to Section 1 (1) of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) (including, but not 
limited to, Nos. 1 to 5 (excluding Pfandbrief business) and 7 to 9) and conducts banking business with 
institutional clients, banks, corporate clients and clients from the public sector. 
 
Regulation and supervision 
 
J.P. Morgan SE is authorised as a credit institution by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). 
 
Additional Information 
 
The disclosure of J.P. Morgan SE included in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from publicly available 
information. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE has not been involved in the preparation of, and does not accept responsibility for, this Base 
Prospectus in whole or in part. There can be no assurance that this Base Prospectus contains all material 
information in respect of J.P. Morgan SE or that no material adverse change has occurred in respect of 
J.P. Morgan SE since J.P. Morgan SE made the sourced information available to the public.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Certificates in relation to 
Ireland, and the United Kingdom. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating 
to the Certificates whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should consult 
their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for 
tax purposes, the tax laws of Ireland and the tax laws of the United Kingdom of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Certificates and receiving payments or deliveries under the Certificates. Investors should be aware that the 
tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the Certificates. 
 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. 
 
The information contained within this section is limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not 
apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions 
involving the Certificates. 
 
Also investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Certificates, or any person through which an 
investor holds Certificates, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Certificates in 
any jurisdiction may have tax implications. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the tax 
consequences for them of any such appointment. 
 
Certain Tax Definitions 
 
"FATCA" means: 
 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code or any associated regulations or other official 
guidance; 
 
(b) 
any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction, or relating to an 
intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) 
facilitates the implementation of paragraph (a)above; or 
 
(c) 
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of paragraphs (a) or (b)above with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any government authority or taxation authority in any other 
jurisdiction. 
 
"CRS" means the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information approved on 15 July 2014 
by the Council of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, also known as the Common 
Reporting Standard, and any bilateral or multilateral competent authority agreements, intergovernmental

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
agreements and treaties, laws, regulations, official guidance or other instrument facilitating the implementation 
thereof and any law implementing the Common Reporting Standard. 
 
Ireland 
 
The following is a non-exhaustive summary of Irish taxation law and practice as it stands at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. While it is noted that the Certificates do not give rise to periodic interest payments please note that 
the following withholding tax and reporting provisions should apply were interest payments on the Certificates 
to be made. 
 
Residence 
 
Individual 
 
An individual will be regarded as being resident in Ireland for a particular twelve-month tax year if they: 
 
(a) 
    spend 183 days or more in Ireland in that twelve month tax year; or 
 
(b) 
they have a combined presence of 280 days in Ireland, taking into account the number of days spent 
in Ireland in that twelve month tax year together with the number of days spent in Ireland in the 
preceding twelve month tax year. 
 
Presence by an individual of not more than 30 days in Ireland in a twelve month tax year will be disregarded 
for the purpose of applying the two year test. Presence in Ireland for a day means the personal presence of an 
individual at any time during that day 
 
Company 
 
Companies incorporated in Ireland are automatically considered resident in Ireland for tax purposes unless the 
company is regarded as not resident in Ireland by virtue of a double taxation treaty between Ireland and another 
country. A company which has its central management and control in Ireland is resident in Ireland irrespective 
of where it is incorporated unless it is considered as resident elsewhere under a double tax agreement. 
 
The Issuer 
 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Ireland for tax purposes as it is incorporated in Ireland and where the 
Issuer is not, by virtue of a double tax treaty between Ireland and another country, regarded as resident in a 
country other than Ireland. It is the intention of the Directors that the business of the Issuer is conducted in such 
a manner as to ensure that it is resident in Ireland for tax purposes. 
 
The Issuer will be taxable as a securitisation company pursuant to Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 
1997 (as amended) for so long as it meets all the requirements of Section 110. Profits arising to the Issuer shall

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
be taxable at a rate of 25 per cent. The rules applicable in order to calculate this tax are generally the same as 
those applicable to a regular trading company. All expenses that are not capital in nature and are wholly and 
exclusively for the purposes of the Issuer’s activities and are not specifically prohibited by statute will be 
deductible from income in order to determine taxable profits. Any losses incurred by the Issuer will be available 
for set off against profits for any subsequent accounting period for so long as the Issuer continues to be subject 
to the Section 110 taxation regime. 
 
Withholding Tax 
 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. However, an exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under 
Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (the "1997 Act") for certain underlying securities ("quoted 
Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) that are interest bearing and quoted on a recognised 
stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange). 
 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised), or 
 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to the person by 
or through whom the payment is made in the prescribed form. 
 
So long as the Certificates are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, any interest that may arise on the Certificates can be paid by the Issuer and any paying 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
If the Certificates cease to be held in a clearing system, any interest that may arise on the Certificates will be 
subject to withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax unless the interest is paid by a non- 
Irish paying agent. 
 
If, for any reason, the quoted Eurobond exemption referred to above ceases to apply, the Issuer can still pay any 
interest that may arise on the Certificates free of withholding tax provided it is a "qualifying company" (within 
the meaning of Section 110 of the 1997 Act) and provided the interest is paid to a person resident in a "relevant 
territory" (i.e. a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has 
signed a double taxation agreement which has the force of law or will on the completion of certain procedures 
have the force of law). For this purpose, residence is determined by reference to the law of the country in which

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the recipient claims to be resident. This exemption from withholding tax will not apply, however, if any interest 
is paid to a company in connection with a trade or business carried on by it through a branch or agency located 
in Ireland. 
 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25% on any quoted Eurobond, 
where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or other Paying Agent in Ireland on behalf of any 
Certificateholder who is Irish resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland. 
 
However, interest may still be paid to certain categories of Irish resident Certificateholders including, but not 
limited to, banks, investment funds and companies who would include such interest payments as part of their 
trading income. 
 
Outbound Payments 
 
Finance (No.2) Act 2023 implemented Outbound Payment Measures into legislation from 01 January 2024 with 
the aim of preventing double non-taxation. The defensive measures operate by limiting the operation of certain 
domestic withholding tax exemptions on outbound payments of interest and royalties, and on the making of 
distributions, in certain circumstances. The measures apply to payments or distributions made by Irish resident 
companies, or payments made by Irish branches of non-resident companies, to associated entities (as defined in 
Section 835AA TCA and Section 817U TCA) who are resident/situated in specified territories. 
 
The territories within the scope of the measures are those included in Annex I of the EU list of non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes and ‘no-tax’ and ‘zero-tax’ territories (together referred to as ‘specified 
territories’). 
 
The Outbound Payment Measures are not considered to be applicable to the Issuer on the basis that Certificate 
holders are not associated with the Issuer”. 
 
Taxation of Investors 
 
Notwithstanding that any Certificateholder may receive payments from the Issuer free of withholding tax, the 
Certificateholder may still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Payments on the Certificates may have an Irish 
source and therefore be within the charge to Irish income tax and levies. Ireland operates a self-assessment system 
in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in 
Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. Persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish 
tax on their worldwide income. 
 
However, interest on the Certificates will be exempt from Irish income tax if: 
 
(a) 
the Certificates are quoted Eurobonds, are exempt from withholding tax as set out above and the 
recipient of the interest is: 
 
(i) 
a company which is resident in a relevant territory; or 
 
(ii) 
a company: 
 
(1) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by persons who are resident in a relevant

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
territory who are not, themselves, controlled, whether directly or indirectly, by 
persons who are not so resident; or 
 
(2) 
the principal class of shares of which are substantially or regularly traded on a stock 
exchange in Ireland, or a relevant territory, or in a territory or on a stock exchange 
approved by the Irish Minister for Finance for these purposes, or a 75 per cent 
subsidiary of such company, or a company wholly owned by 2 or more such 
companies; or

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
the recipient of the interest is resident in a relevant territory and either: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer is a qualifying company and the interest is paid out of the assets of the Issuer; or 
 
(ii) 
if the Issuer has ceased to be a qualifying company, the recipient of the interest is a company 
and the relevant territory in which the company is resident imposes a tax that generally 
applies to interest receivable in that territory by companies from sources outside it, or the 
interest is exempt from income tax under the provisions of a double taxation agreement that 
was then in force when the interest was paid or would have been exempt had a double taxation 
agreement that was signed at the date the interest was paid been in force at that date. 
 
For the purposes of the exemptions described at (a) and (b) above, the residence of the recipient in a relevant 
territory is determined by reference to: 
 
(i) 
the relevant treaty between Ireland and the relevant territory, where such treaty has been entered into 
and has the force of law; 
 
(ii) 
under the laws of that territory, where there is no relevant treaty which has the force of law. 
 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through 
a branch or agency in respect of which the Certificates are held or attributed, may have a liability to Irish 
corporation tax on the interest. 
 
A Certificateholder receiving interest on the Certificates which does not fall within any of the above exemptions 
may be liable to Irish income tax on such interest. However, individual taxation advice should be sought in this 
regard. 
 
Capital Gains Tax 
 
A Certificateholder will be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of a Certificate unless such holder 
is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or 
agency in respect of which the Certificates are used or held or to whom the Certificates are attributable. 
 
Individual Certificateholders who are resident in Ireland for tax purposes or ordinarily resident in Ireland for 
tax purposes will be liable to Irish capital gains tax at a rate of 33% on any gains arising on a sale, transfer or 
redemption in respect of a Certificate. Reliefs and allowances may be available in computing the 
Certificateholder's liability. Where such tax arises, the obligation falls on the Certificateholder to account on a 
self-assessment basis to the Irish Revenue Commissioners for such payment of taxes. 
 
A corporate Certificateholder who is resident in Ireland for tax purposes and who holds Certificates in 
connection with a trade will be taxed on any gains as part of that trade at a rate of 12.5%. Gains on Certificates 
not held in connection with a trade will be subject to corporation tax at an effective rate of 33%.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
 
A gift or inheritance comprising of a Certificate will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) 
the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in 
Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that 
of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Certificates are regarded as property situate in Ireland. Bearer securities are 
generally regarded as situated where they are physically located at any particular time. Registered securities are 
generally regarded as situated where the principal register of security holders is maintained or is required to be 
maintained, but the Certificates may be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of their physical location or 
the location of the register if they secure a debt due by an Irish resident debtor as they may be secured over Irish 
property. Accordingly, if such Certificates are comprised in a gift or inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be 
within the charge to tax regardless of the residence status of the disponer or the donee/successor. 
 
Stamp Duty 
 
Provided the Issuer remains a qualifying company no stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the 
issue, transfer or redemption of the Certificates (on the basis of an exemption provided for in Section 85(2)(c) 
to the Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999 provided the money raised on the issue of the Certificates is used 
in the course of the Issuer's business). 
 
The FATCA and other cross-border reporting systems 
 
The FATCA provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act ("HIRE Act") constitute an 
expansive information reporting regime enacted by the United States aimed at ensuring that U.S. persons with 
financial assets outside the U.S. are paying the correct amount of U.S. tax. The rules are effectively designed to 
require U.S. persons' direct and indirect ownership of non-U.S. accounts and non-U.S. entities to be reported to 
the IRS. 
 
On 21 December 2012, the Governments of Ireland and the United States signed the IGA. The IGA is of a type 
commonly known as a "model 1" agreement. In July 2014, Ireland enacted Financial Accounts Reporting (United 
States of America) Regulations 2014 (the "Irish FATCA Regulations"). 
 
This provides for the automatic reporting and exchange of information in relation to accounts held in Irish 
"financial institutions" by U.S persons and the reciprocal exchange of information regarding U.S. financial 
accounts held by Irish residents. 
 
The IGA and Irish FATCA Regulations increased the amount of tax information automatically exchanged 
between Ireland and the United States. The IGA and the Irish FATCA Regulations provide that Irish financial 
institutions must report to the Irish Revenue Commissioners in respect of US account- holders and, in exchange, 
U.S. financial institutions are required to report to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in respect of any Irish-

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
resident account-holders. The two tax authorities then automatically exchange this information on an annual 
basis. 
 
It is expected that the Issuer constitutes a reporting financial institution for these purposes. The Issuer does not, 
however generally need to report any information to the Irish Revenue Commissioners on the basis that the 
Certificates are treated as being regularly traded on an established securities market and should not, therefore, 
constitute financial accounts for FATCA purposes for so long as the Certificates are listed on a recognised stock 
exchange for Irish tax purposes. It may, however, still need to file a nil return with the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners. It is the intention of the Issuer to procure that the Issuer is treated as complying with the terms 
of FATCA by complying with the terms of the reporting system contemplated by the US-Ireland IGA. 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to require investors to provide any information regarding their tax status, identity or 
residency in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of the IGA, the 
Irish FATCA Regulations or any legislation promulgated in connection with the agreement and investors will 
be deemed, by their subscription for or holding of Certificates to have authorised the automatic disclosure of 
such information by the Issuer or any other person to the relevant tax authorities. 
 
To the extent the Issuer does suffer U.S. withholding tax on its investments as a result of FATCA, the Directors 
may take any action in relation to an investor's investment in the Issuer to ensure that such withholding is 
economically borne by the relevant investor whose failure to provide the necessary information gave rise to the 
withholding. 
 
Each prospective investor should consult its own tax advisers regarding the requirements under FATCA or an 
inter- governmental agreement with respect to its own situation. 
 
Common Reporting Standard 
 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements CRS in 
a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial account 
information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis commencing in 2017 in 
respect of the 2016 calendar year. Ireland has provided for the implementation of CRS through section 891F of 
the 1997 Act and the enactment of the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions 
Regulations 2015 (the "CRS Regulations"). 
 
The CRS, which applies in Ireland since 1 January 2016, is a global OECD tax information exchange initiative 
which is aimed at encouraging a coordinated approach to disclosure of income earned by individuals and 
organisations. 
 
Under the CRS Reporting Financial Institutions (FIs) are required to collect certain information from 
accountholders and on certain Controlling Persons in the case of an accountholder which is an Entity for CRS 
purposes in order to identify which accounts are reportable to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The Irish

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue Commissioners shares the appropriate information with the relevant tax authorities in participating 
jurisdictions. 
 
The Issuer is expected to constitute a Financial Institution for CRS purposes. In order to comply with its 
obligations under CRS and DAC II, the Issuer shall be entitled to require Certificateholders to provide certain 
information in respect of the Certificateholders and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons' tax 
status, identity or residence. Certificateholders will be deemed, by their holding of the Certificates, to have 
authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) to the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners. The information is reported by the Issuer to the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
who then exchanges the information with the tax or governmental authorities of other participating jurisdictions, 
as applicable. However to the extent the Certificates are held within a recognised clearing system, the Issuer 
should have no reportable accounts in that tax year. In this case the Issuer must make a nil return for that year 
to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners have indicated that Irish Financial Institutions will be obliged to make a 
single return in respect of CRS and DAC II. 
 
Provided the Issuer complies with these obligations, it should be deemed compliant for CRS and DAC II 
purposes. Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in it being deemed to 
be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties may be imposed pursuant to the Irish 
implementing legislation. 
 
All prospective Certificateholders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible CRS 
implications of an investment in the Issuer. 
 
EU Mandatory Disclosure Rules 
 
On 25 May 2018, the European and Financial Affairs Council (“ECOFIN”) formally adopted Council Directive 
(EU) 2018/822 which relates to the mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in 
relation to reportable cross-border arrangements also known as “DAC 6”. The main goals of DAC 6 are to 
strengthen tax transparency and to fight against what is regarded as aggressive cross-border tax planning. DAC 
6 imposes mandatory reporting requirements on EU-based tax advisors, accountants, lawyers, banks, financial 
advisors and other intermediaries who design, market, organise, make available for implementation or manage 
the implementation of potentially aggressive cross-border tax planning schemes. It also covers persons who 
provide aid, assistance or advice in relation to potentially aggressive cross-border tax-planning schemes, where 
they can be reasonably expected to know that they have performed that function. If the intermediary is located 
outside the EU or is bound by legal professional privilege, the obligation to report can pass to the Issuer in 
certain instances, as the taxpayer. An arrangement is reportable if it falls within certain hallmarks. These 
hallmarks are very broadly defined and have the potential to capture a wide range of transactions. DAC 6 was 
transposed into Irish law by Chapter 3A, Part 33, TCA, which was introduced by section 67 of Finance Act 
2019. Reportable transactions, where the first implementation step of a cross-border arrangement occurred

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
between 1 July 2020 and 31 December 2020, were required to be reported by 31 January 2021. Reportable 
transactions, where the first implementation step of a cross-border arrangement occurred between 25 June 2018 
and 1 July 2020, were required to be reported by 28 February 2021. Any reportable transactions that occur from 
1 January 2021 are required to be reported within 30 days. 
 
 
 
 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive II 
 
Finance Act 2021 introduced interest limitation rules (“ILR”) into Irish domestic legislation in line with the 
provisions of Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I, which required EU member states to introduce fixed ratio rules 
which limit interest deductibility to a prescribed level of EBITDA. The rules were introduced with effect from 
1 January 2022 and as such apply to all taxpayers with accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. 
The maximum permitted interest/EBITDA ratio under the ILR is 30%. The implementing legislation contains a 
number of relieving provisions from ILR restrictions, notably two group provisions which offer relief from the 
ILR restriction. These include the equity ratio rule and the group ratio rule. 
 
The equity ratio rule set out in Section 835AAI TCA 1997 effectively allows a taxpayer to fully deduct its 
“exceeding borrowing costs” if it can demonstrate that the ratio of equity over total assets is either greater than, 
equal to or not more than two percentage less than the single company worldwide group’s ratio of equity over 
total assets. 
 
The ratio of equity over total assets should be calculated by the formula E/A where: 
 
• 
E is the equity of the company, including share capital, share premium, and reserves; and 
 
• 
A is the total assets of the company. 
 
Alternatively, the group ratio rule under Section 835AAH TCA 1997 calculates a company’s exceeding 
borrowing costs as a percentage of its group EBITDA. If the group’s ratio percentage is higher than 30% for an

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accounting period, the taxpayer is permitted to elect to use the higher figure when calculating any interest 
restriction amount. 
 
The group ratio is calculated as follows: 
Group exceeding borrowing costs 
Group EBITDA 
 
The legislation provides that “group exceeding borrowing costs” means an amount included in respect of net 
finance expense (excluding any amount of finance income or finance expense in respect of a qualifying long- 
term infrastructure project) in the ultimate consolidated financial statements of the group for which the Irish 
taxpayer is a member. 
 
Certificateholders are obliged to notify the Issuer if they are consolidating the Issuer on a line by line basis for 
financial statements purposes. 
 
The Issuer expects to be able to rely upon the aforementioned group relieving provisions to negate the impact of 
the ILR rules. 
 
Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 amending Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I as regards hybrid mismatches with 
third countries entered into force on 27 June 2017 ("Anti- Tax Avoidance Directive II"). 
 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive II significantly extends the rules on hybrid mismatches. A hybrid mismatch 
arrangement is a cross-border arrangement that generally uses a hybrid entity or hybrid instrument and results 
in a mismatch in the tax treatment of a payment across jurisdictions. The rules are not considered to be 
applicable to the Issuer on the basis that Certificateholders are not associated with the Issuer and the Issuer is 
not engaged in transactions to exploit hybrid mismatches. 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Withholding Tax 
 
No payments made by the Issuer to Certificateholders are required to be made under deduction or withholding 
for or on account of United Kingdom tax. 
 
UK tax treatment of profits from the Certificates 
 
The Issuer has engaged a leading accountancy firm and (following discussions with HMRC) has obtained 
clearance that, provided certain conditions are met, the Issuer can apply for each Series of Certificates to be a 
"Reporting Fund". The Issuer has been advised that the conditions should be met and has applied to HMRC for 
"Reporting Fund" status in respect of each Series of Certificates that it has issued and intends to satisfy the 
necessary conditions on an ongoing basis. Reporting Fund status applies in relation to each Series of Certificates 
for each period of account of the Issuer provided the Issuer continues to comply with the applicable rules and

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
does not elect in relation to any Series of Certificates to leave the Reporting Fund regime. The Issuer has been 
further advised by such firm that, based on current HMRC practice, and where Reporting Fund status is obtained 
(and maintained), any profit on a disposal of Certificates of a relevant Series (for example, by way of transfer or 
redemption) by a Certificateholder should fall to be taxed as a capital gain. 
 
Investors should be aware that were the Certificates to be treated for UK tax purposes as "deeply discounted 
securities" within the meaning of section 430 of the Income Tax (Trading and Other Income) Act 2005 
("ITTOIA"), they are unlikely to fall within the definition of "excluded indexed securities" in section 433 
ITTOIA. If the Certificates are treated as "deeply discounted securities" and do not qualify as "excluded indexed 
securities" and no other exemption is applicable, any profit arising on transfer or redemption of a Certificate to 
a Certificateholder who is subject to UK income tax will be subject to UK income tax (not capital gains tax) on 
such profits (in the case of a redemption, whether such redemption is by way of payment of the Cash Amount 
or delivery of the Delivery Amount.) 
 
Offshore Funds Rules 
 
Each Series of Certificates can constitute an interest in an offshore fund for United Kingdom tax purposes. 
Unless HMRC approves each Series of Certificates as a Reporting Fund for the purposes of the United Kingdom 
offshore funds rules and the Reporting Fund status is maintained for each period of account of the Issuer, any 
gain arising on a disposal of Certificates in that Series will constitute income for all purposes of United Kingdom 
taxation. 
 
A 
list 
of 
Reporting 
Funds 
can 
be 
found 
on 
HMRC's 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link; 
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/offshore-funds-list-of-reporting-funds. 
 
For all Series of Certificates which have attained Reporting Fund status reports indicating all relevant 
information for each period end can be found at the following website address; etf.invesco.com 
 
Provision of Information 
 
HMRC have powers to obtain information, including in relation to interest or payments treated as interest and 
payments derived from securities. In certain circumstances, this may include payments made on redemption of 
Certificates which constitute "deeply discounted securities" for the purposes of section 430 of the Income Tax 
(Trading and Other Income) Act 2005 (although in this regard HMRC published guidance for the year 2014/2015 
indicates that HMRC will not exercise its power to obtain information in relation to such payments in that year). 
The information obtained by HMRC may include details of the beneficial owners of the Certificates (or the 
persons for whom the Certificates are held), details of the persons to whom payments derived from the 
Certificates are or may be paid and information in connection with transactions relating to the Certificates. 
Information obtained by HMRC may be provided to tax authorities in other countries.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information may also be required to be reported in accordance with regulations made pursuant to the OECD's 
Common Reporting Standard.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OFFERS 
 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Certificates from an Authorised Participant will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Certificates to an investor by an Authorised Participant will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Participant and such investor including as 
to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger will be a party to any such 
arrangements with investors (except where the Arranger itself offers Certificates to an investor) and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not contain such information and, in such case, an 
investor must obtain such information from the relevant Authorised Participant or the Arranger, as applicable. 
Investors should however note the following: 
 
Amount of the offer: The number of Certificates subject to the offer will be determined on the basis of the 
demand for the Certificates and prevailing market conditions and be published, provided that the aggregate 
number of all Certificates of any and all Series outstanding from time to time shall not in any event exceed the 
Programme Limit. In addition, the aggregate number of Certificates in a particular Series which are outstanding 
at any one time will not exceed the Maximum Issue Size for that Series. 
 
Offer Price: The offer price per Certificate will be equal to the Issue Price specified in the Final Terms, subject 
to any applicable fees and commissions of the person offering such Certificate. 
 
Offer Period: Certificates may be offered to an investor at any time between the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of a Series of Certificates and the Final Maturity Date of such Series. 
 
Publication of a Supplement: If the Issuer publishes a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation which relates to the Issuer or the Certificates, 
investors who have already agreed to purchase Certificates before the supplement is published shall have the right 
to withdraw their acceptances by informing the relevant distributor in writing within 2 working days (or such 
other longer period as may mandatorily apply in the relevant country) of publication of the supplement. The 
terms and conditions of the Certificates and the terms on which they are offered and issued will be subject to 
the provisions of any such supplement.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Certificates of a particular Series may be sold from time to time to any one or more of an authorised participant 
(each an "Authorised Participant") under the terms of an authorised participant agreements (each an 
"Authorised Participant Agreement") and made between, amongst others, the Issuer and each Authorised 
Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreement will, amongst other things, set out the issuance process in 
respect of the Certificates and the methods by which an Authorised Participant can settle a subscription through 
delivery of the Precious Metal to which the Certificates being subscribed are linked. In respect of each Series 
of Certificates, the Issuer and each such Authorised Participant which will act as an Authorised Participant with 
respect to that Series shall enter into a Subscription Agreement relating to the purchase of Certificates of that 
Series by such Authorised Participants, a form of which is scheduled to the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
The Subscription Agreement entered into in respect of each Series will, amongst other things, set out the 
subscription procedures for such Series, any additional selling restrictions which may be applicable to that 
Series and authorise each Authorised Participant to distribute this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time 
to time, the relevant Final Terms and all other relevant documents in the public domain to potential investors and 
to make statements consistent with those documents, provided that those statements are made in accordance 
with the selling restrictions. Additional persons may, from time to time, become Authorised Participants in 
connection with the programme provided that they satisfy the requirements of the definition of Authorised 
Participant set out in the Conditions of the Certificates and accede to the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
Further details on the Authorised Participant Agreement is provided in the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
"Description of the Transaction Documents". 
 
The minimum subscription size in respect of each Tranche of Certificates will be US$500,000 (or such lesser 
amount as may be agreed between the Issuer and any Authorised Participant, from time to time), based on the 
aggregate Issue Price of such Certificates. 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction - EEA 
 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Authorised Participant has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public in that 
Member State: 
 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to any Series of Certificates specify that an offer of those Certificates 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
(a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
 
(b) 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Certificates which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus which is not a Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Final Terms; 
 
(c) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(d) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or at 
any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Certificates, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended). 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction – United Kingdom 
 
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Certificates 
to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to any Series of Certificates specify that an offer of those Certificates may 
be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date 
of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Certificates which either (i) has been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Final Terms; 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Certificates and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions - United Kingdom 
 
Each Authorised Participant has further represented, warranted and agreed that: 
 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: 
 
in relation to any Certificates having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
(iii) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
 
(iv) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates other than to persons: 
 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
 
where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Financial promotion: 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
General compliance: 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
United States of America 
 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to US tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. Each of the Authorised Participants has agreed that, except as 
permitted by the Authorised Participant Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Certificates within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. In addition, until 40 days after commencement 
of the offering, an offer or sale of Certificates within the United States by a dealer whether or not participating 
in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
Ireland 
 
Each of the Authorised Participants has represented and agreed that: 
 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Certificates otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) and any codes of conduct or rules issued in connection therewith and any conditions, 
requirements or enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank, and the provisions of the 
Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
 
(b) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Certificates otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice 
made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or any regulations made 
pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended); 
 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the 
Certificates otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market or any delegated or 
implementing acts relating thereto, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland,

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 
2019 and any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the 
Central Bank; 
 
(d) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the 
Certificates otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) and the 
European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as amended) and any rules issued by 
the Central Bank under section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); and 
 
(e) 
it will ensure that no Certificates will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months except 
in full compliance with Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank. 
 
General 
 
Each Authorised Participant will in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement represent, warrant and agree 
that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Certificates or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participants to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Certificates or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
 
Each Authorised Participant Agreement will provide that the relevant Authorised Participant shall not be bound 
by any of the restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions 
shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of such Authorised Participant 
described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Series of Certificates) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the 
Issuer passed on 23 June 2009, and the update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
board of directors of the Issuer passed on 20 June 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from 
time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of Certificates. 
 
2. 
Certificates of a Series may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price 
and amount of Certificates of a Series to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participant(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
 
3. 
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and the Certificates will not be rated. 
 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
 
5. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2023, being the date of the last audited financial statements of the Issuer. 
 
6. 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection (i) in electronic form at 
https://etf.invesco.com/ and (ii) during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at 
Block A, Georges Quay Plaza, Georges Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and the office for the time being of 
the Portfolio Adviser (being at the date hereof Perpetual Park Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-on- 
Thames, Oxfordshire, RG9 1HH, United Kingdom), in each case for 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
 
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Trust Documents and the Master Definitions Deed; and 
(c) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer dated 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
 
7. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of 
Certificates.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8. 
 KPMG (Chartered Accountants), a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ireland 
(whose address is1 Harbourmaster Place, Dublin 1, Ireland) have audited the latest financial statements 
of the Issuer. KPMG have no material interest in the Issuer. 
 
9. 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP, as the Irish Listing Agent, is acting solely in its capacity as listing 
agent for the Issuer in connection with the Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the 
Certificates to the official list of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
10. 
The Issuer may at any time make arrangements with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
other clearing and settlement systems in any jurisdictions to enable settlements in respect of the 
Certificates to take place (whether through a nominee or otherwise) in such clearing and settlement 
systems in addition to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
11. 
The appropriate International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Certificates of each 
Series or Tranche (together with any further appropriate information) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
12. 
In addition to the applications already described in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may, on or after 
the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more further certificates of approval 
under Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be issued by the Central 
Bank to the competent authority in any Member State. 
 
13. 
London Prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are published immediately by the various news 
agencies. Data in relation to gold and silver prices (including their past and future performance and 
volatility) may be obtained free of charge on the LBMA website (http://www.lbma.org.uk/precious-
metal-prices#/). Data in relation to platinum and palladium prices (including their past and future 
performance and volatility) may be obtained free of charge on the LPPM website 
(www.lppm.com/data/). 
 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 635400BMHI1HQJRHYS23. 
 
15. 
The websites listed in this Base Prospectus do not form part of, and shall not be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. 
 
16. 
The Certificates are being treated by the Issuer for the purposes of Annexes 14 and 19 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, and of the UK 
version of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 which is part of UK law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as having a minimum denomination of less than EUR 
100,000.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
 
 
17. 
As of the date hereof, Moody's Investors Service, Inc., S&P and Fitch Ratings, Inc. are not established 
in the European Union and are not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Invesco Physical Markets plc 
Block A 
George's Quay Plaza 
George's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane 
London, EC2N 2AX 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER AND PORTFOLIO ADVISER 
Invesco UK Services Limited 
Perpetual Park 
Perpetual Park Drive 
Henley-on-Thames 
Oxfordshire 
RG9 1HH 
United Kingdom 
ACCOUNT BANK 
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., London Branch 
25 Bank Street 
Canary 
Wharf 
London, E14 5JP 
 
PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR. 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
REGISTRAR 
J.P. Morgan Administration Services 
(Ireland) Limited 
200 Capital Dock 
79 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, D02 RK57 
CUSTODIAN 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
25 Bank Street 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
ICSD PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
 
CURRENCY HEDGED 
CERTIFICATES COUNTERPARTY 
JP Morgan SE 
TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt, Germany

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Arranger, the Portfolio Adviser 
and the Trustee as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Irish law: 
Fieldfisher LLP 
Riverbank House 
2 Swan Lane 
London, EC4R 3TT 
United Kingdom 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephens Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 KPMG 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT AND 
EU LISTING CO-ORDINATOR 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephens Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland