--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 NOVEMBER 2022 
 
 
Invesco Digital Markets plc 
 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey) 
 
SECURED CRYPTOCURRENCY LINKED CERTIFICATES PROGRAMME 
 
This Base Prospectus (this "Base Prospectus") has been prepared for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to the issue of secured, limited recourse certificates ("Certificates") by Invesco Digital Markets 
plc (the "Issuer") under the Secured Cryptocurrency Linked Certificates Programme (the "Programme") 
described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. 
 
Each Series of Certificates issued by the Issuer under this Programme will entitle the holder of a Certificate 
who is an Authorised Participant, by the exercise of the relevant option, to require the Issuer to redeem such 
Certificate by transfer of one or more cryptocurrencies specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a 
"Specified Cryptocurrency") in an amount equal to the Delivery Amount in accordance with the Conditions 
of the Certificates. Unless previously redeemed or cancelled, each Certificate of a Series will be redeemed 
on the final maturity date specified in the Final Terms relating to each Tranche of that Series of Certificates 
(the "Final Maturity Date"), which shall in any case not be earlier than 30 June 2121, at the relevant Cash 
Amount in US dollars or any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms (US dollars or such other 
currency specified in the relevant Final Terms being the "Specified Currency"). As at the date of this base 
prospectus, the sole Specified Cryptocurrency in which Certificates may be redeemed is Bitcoin, but in future 
the Issuer may issue Series of Certificates giving rise to entitlements to redemption in other Specified 
Cryptocurrencies, which may either be Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, or a basket of two 
or more of the foregoing. 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and has been approved by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(“BaFin”), as competent authority thereunder. BaFin only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Certificates 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Certificates. 
 
The validity of the Base Prospectus starts with the approval on 16 November 2022 and will expire on 
16 November 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
 
Application has been made for admission to trading and listing of the first Tranche of Certificates issued 
under this Base Prospectus on the regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
 
Application may be made for further Certificates admitted to trading on additional markets (including the 
regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) and to be listed on additional stock exchanges from time 
to time. There can be no assurance that admission to trading and/or listing on the above named markets or 
on any other market will be approved.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
The Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to United States tax law requirements. The Certificates 
are being offered outside the United States (as described in "Subscription and Sale") in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
Certain Jersey Notices 
 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the 
purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they 
are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge 
of, and experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks 
involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to 
enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such investments. These 
investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial Services Commission ("JFSC") as suitable 
investments for any other type of investor. The JFSC has not confirmed that that issuer falls within 
the scope of the Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. 
Accordingly, the JFSC takes no responsibility should the issuer fail to meet the conditions of the 
Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
The Certificates are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 15 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .................................................................................................................................... 33 
DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING CRYPTOASSETS ............................................................................ 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES .................................................................................... 42 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 74 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................ 78 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 79 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ..................................................................................... 80 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE .................................................................................................................. 90 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN ............................................................................................................. 91 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT .................................. 92 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CERTIFICATES SETTLEMENT AGENT .................................................................. 93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EXECUTION AGENT ................................................................................................ 94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE LISTING AGENT ....................................................................................................... 95 
TAXATION WARNING ...................................................................................................................................... 96 
OFFERS ............................................................................................................................................................ 98 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................ 99 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 102 
DATA PROTECTION ...................................................................................................................................... 104

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview should be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the 
Certificates should be based on consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole by the investor. 
 
Issuer 
Invesco Digital Markets plc (the "Issuer"). 
The Issuer is a public limited company with its registered seat in 
Jersey incorporated with the name Invesco Digital Markets plc in 
Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 with registered 
number 135306. 
Control of Issuer 
All the issued shares of the Issuer are held by Intertrust Nominees 
(Jersey) Limited and Intertrust Nominees 2 (Jersey Limited) as 
nominee of and trustee for Intertrust Fiscal Trustee a.r.l. (the 
"Share Trustee") in its capacity as trustee of the Invesco Digital 
Markets Charitable Trust under which the Share Trustee holds 
them on trust for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no 
beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than its fees for 
acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares in the 
Issuer. 
Credit ratings 
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and the 
Certificates will not be rated. 
Issuer's principal activities 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the 
issue of asset backed securities. The Issuer has established a 
programme 
(the 
"Programme"), 
described 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus, under which it can, from time to time, issue series 
(each, a "Series") of secured certificates (the "Certificates"). 
Each Series of Certificates will be separate (or "ring-fenced") 
from each other Series of Certificates. 
Admission to trading and 
listing 
Application has been made for admission to trading and listing of 
the first Tranche of Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus 
on the regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange. 
Application may be made for further Certificates to be admitted to 
trading on additional markets (including the regulated market of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) and to be listed on additional stock 
exchanges from time to time. There can be no assurance that 
admission to trading and/or listing on the above named markets or 
on any other market will be approved. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Certificates are to be admitted to trading and/or listed and, if so, 
on which stock exchanges and/or markets. The Final Terms for 
the first Tranche of Certificates will state that application has been 
made for admission to trading and listing of the Certificates on the 
regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange. 
Clearing System 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may at any time make arrangements with 
other clearing and settlement systems in any jurisdictions to 
enable settlements in respect of the Certificates to take place 
(whether through a nominee or otherwise) in such clearing and 
settlement systems, in addition to Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Luxembourg. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
Issuer Adviser 
Invesco Asset Management Limited, a private limited company 
established in England, will act as the adviser to the Issuer (the 
"Issuer Adviser") in respect of the Programme. As Issuer Adviser, 
Invesco Asset Management Limited is principally responsible for 
providing certain advisory services to the Issuer. 
Trustee 
Intertrust Trust Corporation Limited will act as trustee in respect of 
each Series of Certificates (the "Trustee"). The Trustee acts as 
trustee for the Certificateholders of each Series of Certificates and 
also as security trustee (holding the benefit of the security granted 
by the Issuer over certain of its assets (excluding the Issuer's 
proprietary interest in and to the Underlying Cryptoassets) in 
respect of a Series on trust for the Certificateholders and other 
transaction parties in respect of that Series). 
Administrator 
Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) 
Limited will act as administrator (the "Administrator") in respect of 
each Series of Certificates. As Administrator, it will perform various 
administrative functions and make various non- discretionary 
determinations in relation to the Certificates of a Series, including, 
but not limited to, the implementation of the Per Certificate 
Entitlement, the administration of the procedure for the transfer, 
issue and redemption of Certificates, issuing instructions to the 
Account Bank, Custodian and Execution Agent and the provision of 
reporting services to the Issuer. 
Certificates Settlement Agent 
The Northern Trust Company will act as certificates settlement 
agent (the "Certificates Settlement Agent") in respect of each 
Series of Certificates. As Certificates Settlement Agent, it will carry 
out certain settlement services on behalf of the Issuer in connection 
with subscriptions and redemptions of the Certificates. 
Custodian 
Zodia Custody Limited will act as custodian (the "Custodian") in 
respect of each Series of Certificates. As Custodian, it will provide 
custody, safekeeping, asset servicing, settlement, reporting and 
ancillary services to the Issuer in respect of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets of each Series, including the provision of one or more 
depositary wallets on which the Underlying Cryptoassets of a Series 
will be held (each a "Depositary Wallet"). 
Account Bank 
The Northern Trust International Banking Corporation will act as 
account bank (the "Account Bank") in respect of each Series of 
Certificates.  
 
As Account Bank, it will conduct certain money management 
functions for the Issuer in relation to all Series of Certificates.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Execution Agent 
CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited (the "Execution 
Agent") will perform services in relation to the sale of Underlying 
Cryptoassets of each Series to realise cash proceeds relating to 
the Combined Fees (as defined below) and in circumstances where 
the cash redemption of Certificates is required or permitted. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) 
Limited will act as registrar (the "Registrar") in respect of each 
Series of Certificates. As Registrar, it will provide registrar and 
transfer agency services to the Issuer in connection with the 
Certificates. 
Authorised Participants 
Each entity appointed as an authorised participant under the 
Programme (each an "Authorised Participant") is authorised to 
subscribe for the Certificates issued under the Programme in 
consideration 
of 
the 
transfer 
of 
the 
relevant 
Specified 
Cryptocurrency. A Series of Certificates may have different 
Authorised Participants to the other Series, and the Authorised 
Participants for a particular Series will be specified in the Final 
Terms for that Series. 
Listing Agent 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms for the issuance of any 
Tranche of Certificates, ICF BANK AG will be acting as Listing 
Agent for the admission to trading and listing of the relevant 
Tranche of Certificates on the regulated market (regulierter Markt, 
General Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and in this 
capacity assume responsibility for the Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms for the issuance of such Tranche of 
Certificates in addition to the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Terms and conditions of 
the offer 
Certificates purchased directly from the Issuer in the primary 
market can only be purchased with the relevant Specified 
Cryptocurrency and only by Authorised Participants.  
Offers and sales of the Certificates to an investor by an Authorised 
Participant or other entities will be made in accordance with any 
terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Participant and such investor including as to price, allocations and 
settlement arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor the Issuer Adviser 
will be a party to any such arrangements with investors and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not 
contain such information and, in such case, an investor must obtain 
such information from the relevant Authorised Participant.  
Further, the Certificates may also be offered by the Issuer or other 
financial intermediaries as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should however in any case note the 
following: 
Amount of the offer 
The number of Certificates subject to the offer will be determined on 
the basis of the demand for the Certificates and prevailing market 
conditions and be published as set out in the Final Terms, provided 
that the aggregate number of all Certificates of any and all Series 
outstanding from time to time  shall not in any event exceed 
1,000,000,000 provided that the Issuer may increase such limit 
from time  to time (subject to compliance with the relevant 
Transaction Documents (as defined in the terms and conditions of

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
the Certificates)) (the "Programme Limit"). In addition, the 
aggregate number of Certificates in a particular Series which are 
outstanding from time to time will not exceed the number specified 
in the Final Terms for that Series (the "Maximum Issue Size"). 
Offer Price 
The offer price per Certificate will be equal to the Issue Price 
specified in the Final Terms as of the Initial Issue Date or Issue 
Date (as the case may be), subject to any applicable fees and 
commissions of the person offering such Certificate. Thereafter the 
offer price may be adjusted in accordance with market conditions. 
Offer Period 
Certificates may be offered to an investor at any time between the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series of Certificates and the 
Final Maturity Date of such Series. 
Minimum Denomination 
The Certificates are being treated by the Issuer for the purposes of 
Annexes 14 and 19 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, as having a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Description of underlying 
assets 
In order to hedge its obligations to the holders of each Series of 
Certificates, the Issuer will hold a pool of the relevant Specified 
Cryptocurrency or Specified Cryptocurrencies relating to that 
Series of Certificates (the "Underlying Cryptoassets"). The 
Underlying Cryptoassets will be received from the Authorised 
Participants in consideration for the issue of Certificates, and will 
be held on trust by the Custodian for the Issuer. 
On any date, the pool of Underlying Cryptoassets held by the 
Custodian is required to comprise an amount of the relevant 
Specified Cryptocurrency or Specified Cryptocurrencies no less 
than the aggregate of the Per Certificate Entitlement to such 
Specified Cryptocurrency or Specified Cryptocurrencies for all 
outstanding Certificates of such Series. 
As at the date of this base prospectus, the Issuer only intends to 
issue a Series of Certificates backed by Bitcoin, but in future the 
Issuer may issue Series of Certificates backed by other Underlying 
Cryptoassets, which may either be Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, 
Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin or a basket of two or more of the foregoing. 
Structure of the transaction 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Series of Certificates under 
the Programme. Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for 
the Certificates. 
The issue price of the Certificates of a Series will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participants at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Only Authorised Participants are able to redeem Certificates 
directly, except where the Issuer has notified Certificateholders 
that redemption requests from Certificateholders which are not 
Authorised Participants will be permitted, which it may do at its 
discretion  in  cases  such  as  market  disruption,  absence  of a  
market maker or other circumstances making it impracticable or 
impossible for redemptions to be made through Authorised

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Participants. 
A Certificateholder which is an Authorised Participant may only 
require redemption prior to the Final Maturity Date by way of 
delivery of the Underlying Cryptoasset. Where the Issuer has 
served notice that redemption requests from Certificateholders 
which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted, and such 
notice remains in effect, the holder of a Certificate who is not an 
Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem the 
Certificate either in the relevant Specified Currency at the relevant 
Cash Amount or, if the certain conditions are satisfied, by way of 
delivery of the Underlying Cryptoasset, in each case in accordance 
with the Conditions of the Certificates. 
On redemption a Certificateholder is entitled to receive, as 
applicable, a transfer of the Delivery Amount or the Cash Amount 
(in each case as defined below). A diagrammatic representation of 
the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears 
below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trustee 
 
Holds Security for the 
benefit of 
Certificateholders 
Investor 
 
Purchases 
Certificates on 
exchange or through 
market counterparty 
Certificates 
 
Cash or 
cryptocurrency 
Authorised 
Participant(s) 
 
Delivers 
cryptocurrency to the 
Issuer. 
Certificates 
 
Cryptocurrency 
Issuer 
 
 
 
 
Underlying 
Cryptoassets 
 
(held by Custodian on 
behalf of Issuer) 
 
 
In respect of those redemptions settled by delivery of the 
Underlying Cryptoasset, a Certificateholder will, in respect of a 
Certificate, receive on a date on or before the third Business Day 
following the relevant Eligible Redemption Valuation Date (being 
any Business Day) (in each case the "Settlement Date"): 
1. 
an amount of the Underlying Cryptoasset determined by the 
Administrator equal to: 
a. 
the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement to the 
Underlying Cryptoasset at the relevant Valuation 
Date; less 
b. 
an amount of the Underlying Cryptoasset equal in 
value (as determined by the Administrator by 
reference to prevailing market conditions) to all 
expenses, fees and charges incurred or to be 
incurred in connection with such redemption 
(the "Delivery Amount") 
or, in respect of those redemptions settled in the relevant Specified 
Currency, a Certificateholder will, in respect of a Certificate, 
receive: 
2. 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Administrator equal to the amount of cash received by the 
Issuer in respect of the sale of the relevant amount of the 
Underlying Cryptoasset in respect of such Certificates less 
all expenses, fees and charges incurred or to be incurred by 
the Issuer in respect of such redemption, subject to a 
minimum of US$0.01 (the "Cash Amount"). 
In respect of redemptions settled in the relevant Specified 
Currency, the Execution Agent will act as the Issuer's agent in 
relation to the sale of the Underlying Cryptoassets in exchange for 
the Specified Currency. In relation to any such sale, the Execution 
Agent has agreed to use reasonable efforts to sell the relevant 
Underlying Cryptoassets with regard to achieving the Reference 
Price (as defined in the Conditions of the Certificates). It may, 
however, may be impossible to execute trades against the 
Specified Currency at the Reference Price. In the event the 
Execution Agent is unable to achieve the Reference Price, 
Certificateholders will receive less than the Reference Price, and 
the Execution Agent will have no other liability to pay the difference 
to any of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Certificateholder. 
Restrictions on free 
transferability 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of 
the Certificates in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participants to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. The Certificates have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, 
Certificates may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. 
Security and status 
The Certificates constitute secured, limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer. The Certificates of a Series will at all times rank without 
preference or priority pari passu amongst themselves. 
The Certificates of each Series will be secured pursuant to the 
security deed entered into by the Trustee and the Issuer in respect 
of such Series (each a "Security Deed") in favour of the Trustee 
for itself and for the other parties listed and entitles to payment in 
the Payment Priorities (the "Secured Creditors"), as follows: 
 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and 
interest in and to the cash account in respect of the Series 
(the "Issuer Cash Account"); 
 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title 
and interest in and to each of the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme to the extent that they relate to 
the Certificates and any sums payable thereunder including 
the Issuer’s rights to any sums held by any other party 
thereto to meet payments due in respect of the Certificates, 
but only to the extent that the same relates to the 
Certificates, but excluding the Issuer's proprietary interest in 
and to the Underlying Cryptoassets, held on trust by the 
Custodian for the Issuer under the terms of the Custody 
Agreement; 
 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to 
the provision described in the immediately preceding item) a 
first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and 
interest present and future in and to the assets described in

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
the immediately preceding item; and 
 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to 
the provisions described above or charged by way of fixed 
charge pursuant to the provisions described above), a first 
floating charge over all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, 
present and future, in and to the assets described above 
(collectively, the "Security"). 
Order of Priorities 
The claims of the Certificateholders and the other Secured 
Creditors in respect of the Certificates of a Series will rank in 
accordance with the following order of priorities (the "Payment 
Priorities"): 
 
first, in payment or satisfaction of any taxes and statutory 
fees owing by the Issuer to any tax authority; 
 
second, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities properly incurred by and 
any indemnity payments owed by the Issuer to the Trustee 
or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts created 
by the Trust Deed and Security Deed relating the relevant 
Series (including any amounts representing or otherwise in 
respect of VAT, the costs of realising any Security and the 
Trustee’s remuneration); 
 
third, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all 
amounts 
due 
and 
unpaid 
(including 
any 
amounts 
representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to 
the Registrar, the Custodian, the Administrator, the Account 
Bank, the Execution Agent, the ICSD Paying Agent, any 
other Paying Agents and the Certificates Settlement Agent 
in respect of the Certificates; 
 
fourth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of 
all amounts due and unpaid (including any amounts 
representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to 
the Issuer Adviser; 
 
fifth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all 
amounts then due and unpaid (including any amounts 
representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) in respect of the 
Certificates to the Certificateholders; 
 
sixth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of 
all other amounts due and unpaid (including any amounts 
representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to 
any other transaction party in respect of the Certificates; and 
 
seventh, in payment of any balance to the Issuer. 
 
Limited Recourse 
In respect of any Series of Certificates, the Certificateholders shall 
have recourse only to the property of the Issuer which is subject to 
the Security (the "Secured Property") in respect of such Series of 
Certificates. If the net proceeds of the realisation of the Secured 
Property are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect of 
the Certificates and due to each other creditor relating to the 
Certificates, no other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet 
such shortfall, the claims of the Certificateholders and any other 
creditors relating to the Certificates in respect of any such shortfall 
shall be extinguished. No party will be able to petition for the 
winding-up of the Issuer as a consequence of any such shortfall.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Interest 
The Certificates will not bear interest. 
Final Redemption 
All Certificates of a given Series that have not been previously 
redeemed or purchased or cancelled will be redeemed on the date 
specified in the Final Terms relating to that Series as the final 
maturity date (the "Final Maturity Date") by payment of the 
relevant Cash Amount (as defined above) in respect of such 
Certificates. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs, the Trustee shall, if so 
directed and may, at its discretion, give notice to the Issuer that the 
Certificates are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable: 
 
the Issuer fails to pay any amounts due in respect of the 
Certificates or deliver any Underlying Cryptoassets due in 
respect of the Certificates within 5 business days of the due 
date for payment or delivery, other than as contemplated by 
the Conditions of the Certificates; 
 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under the Certificates or any of the 
other documents relating to the issue of the Certificates or 
any of the covenants of the Issuer contained in the trust 
deed between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuer Adviser 
which default is incapable of  remedy or, if in the opinion of 
the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the 
Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; 
 
an Insolvency Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs in 
relation to the Issuer; or 
 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the 
Certificates or any of the other documents relating to the 
issue of the Certificates. 
Certificateholder Optional 
Redemption 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Certificateholder who is an 
Authorised Participant, redeem some or all of the Certificates held 
by such Certificateholder in respect of any Eligible Redemption 
Valuation Date by transfer of the relevant Delivery Amount of the 
relevant Underlying Cryptoasset to the Digital Wallet of the 
Authorised Participant ("Physical Settlement"). Only Authorised 
Participants are able to redeem Certificates directly, except where 
the Issuer has notified Certificateholders that redemption requests 
from Certificateholders which are not Authorised Participants will 
be permitted, which it may do at its discretion in cases such as 
market disruption, absence of a market maker or other 
circumstances 
making 
it 
impracticable 
or 
impossible 
for 
redemptions to be made through Authorised Participants. If the 
Issuer has given such a notification and such notification remains 
in effect, it will at the option of a Certificateholder who is not an 
Authorised Participant redeem some or all of the Certificates held 
by such Certificateholder by payment of the relevant Cash Amount 
("Cash Settlement"), in each case on the relevant Settlement 
Date, or if certain conditions are satisfied, by way of Physical 
Settlement at the option of the Certificateholder.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Optional Redemption in 
whole 
The Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Certificates in 
respect of any Eligible Redemption Valuation Date by Physical 
Settlement or, if the holder is prevented from receiving the relevant 
Underlying Cryptoasset due to legal or regulatory reasons, by Cash 
Settlement, on the relevant Settlement Date, provided the Issuer 
has given not less than 60 days' notice of its intention to redeem all 
of the Certificates on such Eligible Redemption Valuation Date to 
the Trustee, the Certificateholders, other parties to the transaction 
documents relating to the Programme and any stock exchange on 
which the Certificates are listed. 
Mandatory Redemption 
The Issuer may instruct the Execution Agent to sell all of the 
Secured Property and the Underyling Cryptoassets and apply the 
sales proceeds (less all expenses, fees and charges) in 
accordance with the Payment Priorities and redeem each 
outstanding Certificate by Physical Settlement or, if the holder is 
prevented from receiving the relevant Underlying Cryptoasset due to 
legal or regulatory reasons, by Cash Settlement, in the event of: 
 
changes in tax law which may result in withholding to be 
applied to payments made by the Issuer in respect of the 
Certificates, the cost of the Issuer complying with regulation 
or its obligations in respect of the Programme being 
materially increased; 
 
if at any time the Administrator determines and notifies the 
Issuer that the aggregate number of Certificates outstanding 
on any day after the first anniversary of the issue date of the 
first Tranche of Certificates is less than 1,000,000. 
 
The Issuer may also, at any time, without any requirement to state 
a reason, give notice to a Certificateholder requiring that 
Certificateholder to certify to the Issuer, no later than the date 
falling fifteen Business Days following the date on which the Issuer 
sends or transmits such requirement to that Certificateholder, that 
the Certificateholder is not in breach of any law or regulation or 
would risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law 
or regulation and to provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, 
acting reasonably, that the Certificateholder is not in breach of any 
law or regulation or would risk exposing any Transaction Party to a 
breach of any law or regulation. Absent certification by a 
Certificateholder to the Issuer to the contrary, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, to assume that none of the Certificates are held by 
persons in breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing 
any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or regulation. 
 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written 
notice to a Certificateholder that any Certificates held by that 
Certificateholder are to be redeemed compulsorily by Physical 
Settlement or, if the holder is prevented from receiving the relevant 
Underlying Cryptoasset due to legal or regulatory reasons, by Cash 
Settlement, if the Issuer required the Certificateholder in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph to certify and provide 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer (acting reasonably) that the 
Certificateholder is not in breach of any law or regulation or would 
risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or 
regulation and (i) the Certificateholder did not by the date specified 
in the relevant notice provide such a certification in the form and 
executed in the manner required or evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer; or (ii) the Certificateholder certified that it is in breach of any

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
law or regulation or would risk exposing any Transaction Party to a 
breach of any law or regulation; or (iii) the Issuer considers (in its 
sole discretion) (A) that such Certificates are or may be owned or 
held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or 
requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not 
qualified to own those Certificates, or (B) that the ownership or 
holding or continued ownership or holding of those Certificates 
(whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance 
appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the 
Issuer or any other Certificateholders which it or they might not 
otherwise have suffered or incurred or (C) that the ownership or 
holding or continued ownership or holding of those Certificates 
(whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance 
appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, expose any Transaction Party to a risk of 
violation of any law or regulation. 
Per Certificate Entitlement 
The "Per Certificate Entitlement" means the per Certificate 
entitlement to the underlying Specified Cryptocurrency or Specified 
Cryptocurrencies specified in the Final Terms (the "Initial Per 
Certificate Entitlement") which is thereafter reduced by the 
Reduction Percentage. 
Expenses chargeable to 
Certificateholders 
The Cash Amount payable or the Delivery Amount deliverable, as 
applicable, in respect of any redemption is calculated net of all 
expenses, fees and charges incurred or to be incurred in 
connection therewith. 
From time to time, in respect of Certificates of any particular 
Series, a portion of the Underlying Cryptoassets equal to the 
aggregate of the daily amounts by which the Per Certificate 
Entitlement to such Underlying Cryptoassets has been reduced by 
the Reduction Percentage over the relevant period (the 
"Combined Fees" for such Series) will be withdrawn from the 
relevant Depositary Wallet and sold by the Execution Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer and the proceeds thereof, in the normal course, 
paid to the Issuer Adviser in consideration for its services as Issuer 
Adviser and also its agreement to pay the fees and expenses due 
to the other service providers in connection with the Programme 
(but not including any indemnities granted in favour of the other 
service providers). 
"Reduction Percentage" means the percentage rate specified in 
the Final Terms by which the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement will 
reduce on a daily basis on the assumption that the daily rate will be 
the per annum rate divided by 365 and applied accordingly. The 
Reduction Percentage may be lowered from time to time by the 
Issuer on the advice of the Issuer Adviser. Any change to the 
Reduction Percentage shall be notified to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 20.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of Certificates will be made free and clear 
of withholding taxes of the Issuer's jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the paying agent(s) or any other agent of the Issuer (as 
the case may be) shall make such payments after such tax 
deduction and shall account to the relevant authorities for the 
amount so withheld or deducted. 
Neither the Issuer, the Trustee, the paying agent(s) nor any other 
agent of the Issuer will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to 
the Certificateholders as a result of any such tax deduction. 
Governing law 
The Account Bank Agreement will be governed by the laws of the 
state of New York. The Administration Agreement will be governed 
by Irish law. All other transaction documents relating to the 
Programme will be governed by English law. 
Issue Specific Summary 
An issue-specific summary prepared in accordance with Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation will be appended to the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Certificates (each an "Issue Specific Summary").

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The factors described below represent the material and specific risks inherent in investing in the Certificates. 
The risk factors can be divided into the following categories 1 to 4 (each a Risk Category): 
 
1. Risks relating to the Underlying Cryptoassets (Risk Category 1) 
 
2. Risks related to the Certificates (Risk Category 2) 
 
3. Risk related to the Issuer (Risk Category 3) 
 
4. Risks related to conflicts of interest (Risk Category 4) 
 
In each section setting out the risks of a Risk Category, the two most material risk factors are specified first 
in such section. The risks set out after the most material risks are not further ranked by the Issuer in 
accordance with their respective degree of materiality. The Issuer has determined the materiality of each 
risk set out in this section based on the probability of its realisation and the potential magnitude of its negative 
impact. Each of the risks described herein may occur individually or together with other risks. Where several 
risks occur concurrently, they may magnify the negative impact of the relevant risks. 
 
 
1. 
Risks related to the Underlying Cryptoassets 
 
The two most material risks in this Risk Category 1 (Risks related to the Underlying Cryptoassets) 
are the risks set out under 1.1. (Risk of adverse price movements in relation to the Underlying 
Cryptoassets) and 1.2. (Political risk in the markets for Cryptocurrencies). The risks set out after 
the most material risk or risks are not further ranked by the Issuer in accordance with their 
respective degree of materiality. 
 
1.1 
Risk of adverse price movements in relation to the Underlying Cryptoassets 
 
The Certificates are securities which on redemption entitle holders that are Authorised Participants 
to receive a transfer of the relevant amount of Underlying Cryptoassets. Each Series of Certificates 
therefore carries risks linked to the value of the Underlying Cryptoassets relating to that Series in 
the same way that a direct investment in such Underlying Cryptoassets would, and investors should 
be aware that substantially all of their investment may be lost. The Certificates are not capital 
protected, for example through a deposit guarantee or protection scheme, and there is therefore a 
risk of partial or complete loss of investment. As at the date of this base prospectus, all Certificates 
in issue are linked to Bitcoin, but in future the Issuer may issue Series of Certificates linked to other 
cryptocurrencies. 
 
The value of the Certificates of a particular Series will be affected by movements in the price of the 
Underlying Cryptoassets relating to such Series. The price of Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, 
can fluctuate widely and may be affected by factors beyond the Issuer's control including: 
 
 
Global or regional political conditions and economic, financial and political, regulatory or 
judicial events - global or regional political conditions and economic, financial and political, 
regulatory or judicial events can affect markets generally and may affect the price of the 
Bitcoin and/or any other cryptocurrency relating to a Series; 
 
 
Regulatory events or statements by the regulators - there is lack of consensus regarding 
the regulation of cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, and uncertainty regarding their legal 
and tax status. Regulation of cryptocurrencies continues to evolve across different 
jurisdictions worldwide. Any change in regulation in any particular jurisdiction may 
impact the supply and demand in that specific jurisdiction and other jurisdictions due to 
the global network of exchanges for cryptocurrencies, as well as composite prices used 
to calculate the underlying value of such cryptocurrencies (if any), as the data sources 
span multiple jurisdictions. See also "Political risk in the markets for cryptocurrencies".

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
Investment trading, hedging or other activities by a wide range of market participants 
which may impact the pricing, supply and demand for cryptocurrencies - markets for 
cryptocurrencies are local, national and international and include a broadening range of 
products and participants. Significant trading may occur on any system and platform, or 
in any region, with subsequent impacts on other systems, platforms and regions. 
 
 
Forks in underlying protocols - Bitcoin (as with many other cryptocurrencies) is an open 
source project. As a result, any individual can propose refinements or improvements to a 
network’s source code through one or more software upgrades that could alter the 
protocols governing the Bitcoin network and the properties of Bitcoin. When a modification 
is proposed and a majority of users and miners consent to the modification, the change is 
implemented and the network remains uninterrupted. However, if less than a majority of 
the users and miners consent to the proposed modification, the consequence could 
become what is known as a "fork" (i.e. a "split") of the network (and the blockchain), with 
one part running the pre-modified software and the other running modified software. The 
effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the network running in 
parallel, and the creation of a new digital asset which lacks interchangeability with its 
predecessor. Additionally, a fork could be introduced by an unintentional, unanticipated 
software flaw in multiple versions of otherwise compatible software users run. The 
circumstances of each fork are unique, and their relative significance varies. It is not 
possible to predict with accuracy the impact that any anticipated fork could have in terms 
of pricing, valuation and market disruption. Newly-forked assets in particular may have 
less liquidity than more established assets, resulting in greater risk. See also below "Split 
of the Bitcoin chain". 
 
 
Disruptions to the infrastructure or means by which Bitcoin (or other cryptocurrencies, as 
the case may be) is produced, distributed and stored, which are capable of causing 
substantial price movements in a short period of time - Bitcoin infrastructure operators or 
‘miners’ who use computers to solve mathematical problems to verify transactions are 
rewarded for these efforts by increased Bitcoin supply. Other cryptocurrencies may make 
use of similar or equivalent mechanics. The computers that make up the infrastructure 
supporting Bitcoin are decentralised and belong to a combination of individuals and large 
corporations. Should a significant subset of this pool choose to discontinue operations, 
pricing, liquidity and the ability to transact in Bitcoin could be limited. As Bitcoin is designed 
to have a finite supply pool of approximately 21 million Bitcoin, this finite supply pool will 
eventually be fully mined at some point in the future. This makes mining unsustainable 
since block rewards would no longer be available to miners, thereby leading to a reduction 
in the number of miners. This may trigger the collapse of the network as no miners would 
want to validate blocks without any economic incentive. Also, as block rewards decrease 
at a rate that was built into the network at its inception (as a consequence of the finite 
supply pool), the economic incentives for miners of Bitcoin may not be sufficient to match 
their costs of validating blocks, potentially leading to miners transitioning to other 
networks, in turn slowing transaction validation and usage. This can adversely impact the 
price of Bitcoin. Other critical infrastructure which may be adversely affected includes 
storage solutions, exchanges and custodians for Bitcoin. For example, the potential for 
instability of cryptocurrency exchanges and the closure or temporary shutdown of 
exchanges due to business failure or malware could impact the liquidity of, demand for, 
and supply of Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies). In addition, volatility in the pricing of 
Bitcoin leads to increased opportunities for speculation and arbitrage, which, in turn, 
contributes to price fluctuations. 
 
 
Execution risk – In connection with any cash redemption of the Certificates, the Execution 
Agent has agreed to use reasonable efforts to sell the Underlying Cryptoassets with 
regard to achieving a price similar to the Reference Price. It may, however, be 
impossible to execute trades for Bitcoin against the Specified Currency at the Reference 
Price. In the event the Execution Agent is unable to achieve the Reference Price, 
Certificateholders will receive less than the Reference Price, and the Execution Agent will

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
have no other liability to pay the difference to any of the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
Certificateholder. 
 
Some or all of these factors may influence the price investors will receive if an investor sells or 
redeems Certificates. For example, investors may have to sell or redeem certain Certificates at a 
substantial loss if the market price or value of the Underlying Cryptoassets is at, below, or not 
sufficiently above the initial market price or value. 
 
1.2 
Political risk in the markets for cryptocurrencies 
 
The legal status of Bitcoin, and many other cryptocurrencies, varies between different countries. 
The lack of consensus concerning the regulation of cryptocurrencies and how cryptocurrencies 
shall be handled tax wise causes insecurity regarding the legal status of cryptocurrencies. As 
cryptocurrencies are an unregulated asset class in many jurisdictions, there is a risk that politics 
and future regulations will affect the market for cryptocurrencies and companies operating in such 
market. 
 
Exactly how politics and future regulations may affect the market is impossible to know or predict. 
However, future regulations and changes in the legal status of cryptocurrencies are political risks 
which may affect the price of cryptocurrencies. If the Issuer fails to comply with potential future 
regulations, this may lead to the Issuer incurring losses and it may also have an adverse impact 
on the Issuer’s ability to carry out its business and on its ability to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Certificates. 
 
1.3 
Valuation of cryptocurrencies 
 
The market value of Bitcoin, and many other cryptocurrencies, is not related to any specific 
company, government or asset. The valuation of these assets depends on future expectations for 
the value of the network, number of transactions and the overall usage of the asset. This means 
that a significant amount of the value in Bitcoin, and many other cryptocurrencies, is speculative 
and could lead to increased volatility. Investors could experience significant gains, losses and/or 
volatility depending on the valuation of Bitcoin, and any other linked cryptocurrencies, through the 
exposure to Certificates. Due to the speculative nature of an investment in cryptocurrencies, the 
prices of cryptocurrencies may fluctuate for any reason and such fluctuations may not be 
predictable. 
 
Momentum pricing of Bitcoin has previously resulted, and may continue to result, in speculation 
regarding future appreciation or depreciation in the value of such assets, further contributing to 
volatility and potentially inflating prices at any given time. As a result, pricing of Bitcoin may change 
due to shifting investor confidence in future outlook of the asset class. These dynamics may impact 
the value of an investment in the Certificates and the value of any receipt in respect of any Physical 
Settlement or Cash Settlement in relation to a redemption of the Certificates. 
 
1.4 
Potential for market abuse 
 
Markets for Bitcoin, and many other cryptocurrencies, are growing rapidly. These markets are local, 
national and international and include a broadening range of products and participants. Significant 
trading may occur on systems and platforms and with minimum predictability. Any sudden, rapid 
change in demand and supply of Bitcoin, or other cryptocurrency, could cause significant price 
volatility. In addition, Bitcoin (in common with many other cryptocurrencies) is not backed by any 
central government and different regulatory standards apply across countries and in regions. The 
characteristics of Bitcoin and underlying infrastructure could be used by certain market participants 
to exploit market abuse opportunities such as front-running, spoofing, pump-and-dump and fraud 
across different systems, platforms or geographical locations. As a result of reduced oversight, 
these schemes may be more prevalent in the crypto asset market than in the general market for 
financial products. Potential for market abuse in the form of such schemes may impact market 
conditions of Bitcoin (or other cryptocurrencies), thereby impacting the value of the relevant 
cryptocurrency linked to the Certificates and thereafter the value of an investment in the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Certificates. 
 
1.5 
Split of the Bitcoin chain 
 
The discussion below is focussed on Bitcoin since a number of so-called ‘hard forks’ have occurred 
in this protocol. However, the risks exist for almost all cryptocurrencies. 
 
A group of developers known as ‘Core Developers’ are unofficially responsible for the periodic 
releases of updates to the Bitcoin Network’s source-code. Such updates are only effective if 
accepted by users, miners, wallets and bitcoin-based companies which collectively have a 
prescribed majority of the processing power on the Bitcoin Network at the relevant time. If not so 
accepted, a ‘fork’ in the Bitcoin Network will take place, with one network (and the coins associated 
with it) running the pre-modification source-code and the other network (and its associated coins) 
running the modified source-code. Indeed, multiple ‘forks’ can occur simultaneously. Holders of 
Bitcoin before a forking event will technically own each of the resulting coins, which shared a 
common transaction history before the fork. Which of such resulting coins may henceforth be 
recognised by the Bitcoin community as being (the true or real) ‘Bitcoin’ can often be difficult to 
determine for a period of time following such fork. Bitcoin Exchanges have a particularly significant 
function to play in the determination in such regard. A new coin resulting from a fork may also 
change the speed at which new blocks are added to the blockchain, which can result in a distortion 
of the cumulative proof of work which each coin has subsequent to the fork. 
 
‘Forks’ within the Bitcoin Network are not an uncommon occurrence and notice of a forthcoming 
fork is typically commonly obtained well in advance. The circumstances of each fork are unique 
and their relative significance varies. It is possible that a particular fork may result in a significant 
disruption to the underlying asset and, potentially, may result in a market disruption event should 
pricing become problematic following the fork. It is not possible to predict, with accuracy, the impact 
which any anticipated fork could have or for how long any resulting disruption may exist. 
 
There is a distinction to be drawn between ‘hard forks’ and ‘soft forks’. A ‘soft fork’ is a backwards- 
compatible, temporary, split in the blockchain that occurs when rules are implemented to adjust 
wallet software. The original blockchain contains blocks from non-upgraded nodes but will also 
accept blocks generated by upgraded nodes. The new (‘forked’) blockchain contains blocks only 
from upgraded nodes. Whether the new blockchain survives is determined by whether the 
upgraded nodes reach a clear majority. If that is achieved, the new software rules for wallets are 
implemented across the entire Bitcoin Network (the original and new blockchains). Any non- 
upgraded nodes on the original blockchain will be re-hashing invalid information, generating and 
gaining nothing. The upgraded nodes are thereafter recognized as the strongest (truest) chain of 
events. 
 
In contrast, a ‘hard fork’ involves a change in a software rule, which is not backwards-compatible, 
and which results in a permanent diversion in the blockchain from the moment when such new 
rules are implemented. Following a ‘hard fork’, both the original and new (‘forked’) blockchains run 
in parallel to each other, each following a different set of software rules and code. Consequently, 
users on one chain will not be able to transfer its coins to the other chain. A hard fork can either 
increase value or decrease value. A hard fork can potentially cause changes to the adoption, use 
or confidence in the underlying protocol and should such a loss of confidence in the underlying 
protocol occur, the value of the associated digital currency will decrease, which in turn would affect 
the value of any Certificates relating to that digital currency. 
 
Furthermore a fork which results in the creation of a new coin presents a number of operational 
difficulties. A provider of custodian services may not have the IT-infrastructure to cater for the new 
coin and its particular characteristics. Indeed, “wallets” may also not have the requisite software in 
order to receive the new coin. The new coin(s) may not readily be sellable (indeed, providers of 
custodial services have often been keen to either not release the new coin or to do so only at 
certain, perhaps a single, moments, in order to protect the security of their custodial systems). If 
and when a sale does become possible, the degree of market activity at that time in the relevant 
new coin can have a significant suppressant effect upon its price.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Price discovery in respect of the coins which result from a fork is not typically problematic but there 
may be an impact upon the Issuer’s creation and redemption processes (specifically, the 
timescales involved in connection therewith for transactions which have not yet settled, including 
transactions that have already been initiated) as a consequence of the foregoing operational 
considerations. Furthermore, there is no obligation on the Custodian to support any post-fork path 
in respect of any Underlying Cryptoasset, and the Custodian has the right to terminate its services 
in respect of any non-supported fork. 
 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the new protocol or coin will have adoption or use or 
have any value assigned to it by investors. 
 
1.6 
Airdrops 
 
An airdrop occurs when the issuer of a new cryptocurrency declares to the holder of another 
specified cryptocurrency that they will be entitled to claim for free a quantity of the new 
cryptocurrency because they are holding the specified cryptocurrency. If an airdrop occurs which 
is intended to benefit holders of an Underlying Cryptoasset, then the ability of a holder of 
Certificates relating to such Underlying Cryptoasset to participate in the airdrop will depend on the 
support of the Custodian. There is no obligation on the Custodian to support any airdrop or hold 
the airdropped digital asset and so there is no certainty that holders of Certificates will be able to 
obtain any airdropped digital assets or realise any value from them. As a consequence, 
Certificateholders may not benefit from airdrops and therefore the return on the Certificates may 
not reflect the return if the investor had actually owned the relevant Underlying Cryptoassets and 
held such investment for a similar period. 
 
1.7 
Exchange rate risks and failure of crypto-exchange platforms 
 
Certificateholders who are Authorised Participants may redeem their Certificates through Physical 
Settlement by the transfer of the relevant Delivery Amount of the relevant Underlying Cryptoasset 
to their Digital Wallet. If the Certificateholder intends to exchange the relevant cryptocurrency or 
cryptocurrencies into fiat currencies, such as Bitcoin into USD or EUR, there is a risk of insufficient 
liquidity in the market. It is not possible to predict whether a market for the relevant cryptocurrency 
or cryptocurrencies will exist and whether such market will be liquid or illiquid and how 
cryptocurrencies can be traded in such market. Among other things, this can lead to very volatile 
exchange rates. With the change from cryptocurrency into fiat currency – such as USD or EUR – 
the Certificateholder may incur transaction costs and fees. The Certificateholder also bears the risk 
that no such change is possible at all and that no market is available for this purpose. 
 
The historical market price of a cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, or its exchange rate is not an 
indicator of its future development. It is not possible to predict whether the market price of a 
cryptocurrency will rise in relation to another currency or fall. As a consequence, the market price 
of the Certificates might develop differently than anticipated by Certificateholders.  
 
1.8 
Transactions in cryptocurrencies may be misused for criminal activities, including money 
laundering 
 
Transactions in cryptocurrencies are public, but the exact identity of the sending party and the 
recipient of these transactions are not normally known. Transactions are largely untraceable and 
provide cryptocurrency consumers with a high degree of anonymity. It is therefore possible that the 
cryptocurrency network will be used for transactions associated with criminal activities, including 
money laundering. If, as a result of the aforementioned, authorities close down trading platforms, 
impose regulations or otherwise restrict or complicate the use of cryptocurrencies, including 
Bitcoin, this may affect the value of the relevant cryptocurrency and therefore the Certificates. 
 
1.9 
Development of the Bitcoin protocol 
 
The Bitcoin protocol (the "Protocol") is publicly available and under development. Further 
development and acceptance of the Protocol is dependent on a number of factors. The

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
development of the Protocol may be prevented or delayed, should disagreements between 
participants, developers and members of the network arise. New and improved versions of the 
source code are accepted if the majority of members of the network implement relevant changes 
in their nodes, meaning upgrading their software to the latest version of the code. Should a situation 
arise where it is not possible to reach a majority in the network regarding the implementation of a 
new version of the Protocol, this may mean that, among other things, the improvement of Bitcoin’s 
scalability may be restrained. Should the development of the Protocol be prevented or delayed, 
this may adversely affect the value of Bitcoin. Further, as the structure of the Protocol is public, any 
kind of direct compensation for the developers of the Protocol is missing, which could lead to 
decreased incentives for continuous development of the Protocol. Should the Protocol not develop 
further, the value of Bitcoin will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of any Certificates 
linked to Bitcoin. 
 
1.10 
Technical risks related to Bitcoin including 51 percent attacks 
 
Bitcoin miners earn ("mine") Bitcoin by confirming transactions and reaching consensus, and a 
predefined number of Bitcoin is distributed between the miners proportional to their utilised 
computing ("hashing") power. The results of the reached consensus defined by the Protocol is the 
public ledger known as the blockchain. If an attacker succeeds in providing more than 50 percent 
of the blockchain miners computing power in a so-called "51 percent attack", it can manipulate 
what is designed (by the Protocol) to be a blockchain version reached by consensus to a certain 
extent (in particular, such an attacker will be able to ‘roll back’ or exclude valid transactions from 
the blockchain). Such an attack, in particular, enables perpetrators to ‘double-spend’ Bitcoin by a 
way of exchanging some pre-existing Bitcoin for some other value (either other Bitcoin, other 
cryptocurrency or fiat currency), and then rolling-back the transaction where such perpetrators 
surrender their Bitcoin without rolling back the transactions (if any) where they receive any value 
in exchange for their Bitcoin. Such an attack is in principle also possible with less than 51 percent 
of the mining power. The attacker could also block others’ transactions by denying them 
confirmation. The value of Bitcoin as well as the investment in the Certificates would be negatively 
affected by such attacks, and the Issuer can become insolvent with some or total loss of value for 
the Certificateholders if it becomes a victim of a ‘double-spending’ attack, where a fraudulent party 
will subscribe to the Certificates using Bitcoin, but then roll-back the transaction which deposits 
Bitcoin to the Depositary Wallet. Similar concerns may also apply to other cryptocurrencies to which 
the Certificates may be linked. 
 
In addition, the rapid development of the quantum computing could have an impact on the integrity 
of the blockchain. A blockchain is a mathematical structure securing data through asymmetric 
cryptography (public and private keys) and a hash function (which is a cryptographic method used 
for mining Bitcoin). Advanced quantum computing could threaten the integrity of a blockchain. 
Shor’s algorithm run on a large enough quantum computer can crack various cryptographic 
algorithms, including the blockchain one. Bitcoin is based on Elliptic Curve Cryptography which is 
not quantum-computer resistant. If the integrity of the Bitcoin blockchain is threatened, the value 
of Bitcoin as well as the value of any Certificates linked to Bitcoin would be negatively affected. 
 
1.11 
Bugs in the Protocol 
 
The source code of Bitcoin is public and may be downloaded and viewed by anyone. There may 
be one or more bugs in the code which are yet to be found and repaired, or which will occur in the 
development of the Protocol, which may jeopardize the integrity and security of the Bitcoin network. 
Similar concerns may also apply to other cryptocurrencies to which the Certificates may be linked. 
These dynamics may impact the value of an investment in the Certificates and the value of any 
receipt following any Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement in relation to the Certificates. 
 
1.12 
Internet disruptions 
 
The functionality of crypto asset networks such as the Bitcoin network (and the network of many 
other cryptocurrencies) relies on the internet. A significant disruption of internet connectivity (i.e. 
affecting a large number of users or geographic regions) could prevent the functionality and

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
operations of such network until the internet disruption is resolved. An internet disruption could 
adversely affect an investment in the Certificates and the ability of the Issuer to operate. 
 
1.13 
Risk of losing cryptocurrency in a Digital Wallet due to fraud, accident or similar 
 
In order for Certificateholders who are Authorised Participants to receive the relevant Delivery 
Amount of the Underlying Cryptoassets in connection with the redemption of Certificates through 
Physical Settlement, they will need to have their own digital cryptocurrency wallet (a "Digital 
Wallet"). Certificateholders receiving cryptocurrency as a result of a redemption of the Certificates 
should be aware of the risk of losing that cryptocurrency when they hold or deposit that 
cryptocurrency in a Digital Wallet. Digital Wallets have a public key, and a private key or password 
that allows their owners to access them. However, Digital Wallets are not impervious to hacking. 
Similar to conventional wallets, money may therefore be stolen from Digital Wallets. Cases have 
been reported of consumers losing cryptocurrency in excess of 1 (one) million USD, with little 
prospect of having it returned. In addition, loss of the key or password to a Digital Wallet (which 
includes unauthorised copy of the key or the password or part of it), may result in cryptocurrency 
stored on the Digital Wallet being lost forever. There are no central agencies that record 
passwords or issue replacement ones. The Certificateholders may lose all, or part, of their 
cryptocurrency as a result of these factors. 
 
1.14 
Hacks of Digital Wallets 
 
There are two types of hacks of digital wallets that can affect the investment in the Certificates. In 
this context, a "hack" refers to any unauthorised access to the private keys necessary to sign 
transactions on the blockchain transferring value out of the relevant digital wallet. This includes 
"brute force" attacks (i.e. attacks seeking to obtain the information regarding the private keys 
through a trial-and-error method, whereby software is used to generate a large number of 
consecutive guesses) (while such attacks are currently unlikely, it should be noted that the 
development of quantum computing is expected to make such attacks possible, as Bitcoin in 
particular is based on Elliptic Curve Cryptography which is not quantum-computer resistant, see 
also "Technical Risks Related to Bitcoin including 51 percent attacks"). 
 
 
While the Custodian takes significant measures to prevent a hack of the Depositary 
Wallet including private key stores with independently certificated capability and 
conducting multiple rounds of independent ethical hacking activities to validate the 
security, it is not possible to entirely exclude this risk. In addition, the Custody 
Agreement only requires the Custodian to meet a certain standard of care in the 
provision of its services, and the Custodian also benefits from certain limitations on its 
liability which are likely to limit the recourse of the Issuer against the Custodian in 
circumstances where a hack of a Depositary Wallet results in the loss of Underlying 
Crytpoassets. For further detail, see the description of the Custody Agreement in the 
"Overview of the Transaction Documents" section. A hack of a Depositary Wallet could 
result in the loss of the main body of the Underlying Cryptoassets backing one or more 
Series of Certificates. Such a hack could thus result in a loss of value of the Certificates 
for all the Certificateholders of the affected Series. Certificateholders of the affected 
Series would risk losing their entire investment. 
 
 
A hack of a Certificateholder's Digital Wallet into which the redemption proceeds of the 
Certificates of a particular Certificateholder are transferred, would only result in a loss of 
value for that particular Certificateholder. Such a hack would not affect the position of 
other Certificateholders. In this respect, please also refer to "Risk of losing Bitcoin in a 
Digital Wallet due to fraud, accident or similar". 
 
1.15 
Competition between Cryptocurrencies 
 
Different cryptocurrencies compete with each other. If other cryptocurrencies see more innovation 
to reach competitive advantages, the importance of the Underlying Cryptoassets linked to a 
particular Series of Certificates may be reduced which will decrease the value of those Underlying

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Cryptoassets and the Certificates. 
 
1.16 
Large-scale sales of Bitcoin 
 
Political or economic events, either domestically or in foreign jurisdictions, may motivate large- 
scale purchases or sales of Bitcoin. Large-scale sales of Bitcoin may result in a decline in the price 
of Bitcoin, which will adversely affect an investment in Certificates linked to Bitcoin. 
 
There are some substantial holdings of Bitcoin on publicly-known digital wallets which have not 
been involved in transactions on the network for a substantial period of time. Market consensus is 
that the owners of such digital wallets have lost access to them and / or to corresponding private 
keys. Thus, market consensus is that Bitcoin "locked" in such digital wallets is effectively excluded 
from circulation. In the event that Bitcoin holdings deemed locked up forever enter circulation, it 
might severely affect the price of Bitcoin by increasing the supply. Additionally, even if such Bitcoin 
holdings are not actually sold, any indication that corresponding private keys are not lost (by any 
means, including but not limited to registering any transaction signed by needed keys, no matter 
how small and not even necessarily on the Bitcoin blockchain), market expectations with regard to 
total Bitcoin supply can change dramatically and it can negatively affect the price of Bitcoin, which 
will adversely affect an investment in Certificates linked to Bitcoin. 
 
1.17 
Actions by early Bitcoin adopters 
 
There is no registry showing which individuals or entities own Bitcoin or the quantity of Bitcoin 
owned by any particular person or entity. It is possible, and in fact, reasonably likely, that a small 
group of early Bitcoin adopters hold a significant portion of Bitcoin that have been created ("mined") 
so far. There are no regulations in place that would prevent a large holder of Bitcoin from selling 
his Bitcoin. Such a sale of Bitcoin may adversely affect the price of Bitcoin and an investment in in 
Certificates linked to Bitcoin. 
 
1.18 
Potential decline in the adoption of Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies 
 
As with all new assets and technological innovation, the cryptocurrency industry is subject to a high 
degree of uncertainty. Further adoption of Bitcoin in particular will require (i) growth in its 
acceptance as currency for payments and/or (ii) growth in the use of blockchain applications based 
on Bitcoin. Adoption of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin also requires an accommodating 
regulatory environment. The Issuer does not, and will not have any strategy related to the 
development of Bitcoin and any applications for the Bitcoin blockchain. Lack of expansion in the 
usage of Bitcoin and Bitcoin blockchain could adversely affect the price of Bitcoin and an 
investment in Certificates linked to Bitcoin. 
 
In addition, there is no assurance that Bitcoin will maintain its value over the long term (see also 
"Valuation of cryptocurrencies"). The value of Bitcoin is subject to risks related to its usage. Even 
if growth in the usage and/or acceptance of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin occurs in the near or 
medium-term, there is no assurance that cryptocurrency usage will continue to grow over the long- 
term. Contraction in the use of cryptocurrencies may result in increased volatility or a reduction in 
the price of cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, which would adversely impact the value of the 
Certificates. 
 
Additionally, it is possible that cryptocurrencies as an asset class are widely adopted and 
successful, but Bitcoin (or another cryptocurrency to which a Series is linked) in particular becomes 
obsolete and is replaced by a new generation of cryptocurrencies, this could negatively affect the 
relevant cryptocurrency and consequently the price of the Certificates linked to it. 
 
1.19 
Transaction costs may vary depending on network load 
 
Charges apply when transferring Bitcoin in connection with any redemption of the Certificates 
where either Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies, and similar charges may also apply 
to other cryptocurrencies. In relation to Bitcoin specifically, the amount of fees required to maximise

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
the chances of a reasonably fast confirmation of the transaction does not depend on the value of 
the Bitcoin transferred. The transferring participant can determine the transaction fees he is willing 
to pay himself. The higher this value is, the faster the transaction will be confirmed. When miners 
form new blocks, they are economically incentivised to select those transactions from the pool of 
unconfirmed transactions (known as the "Mempool") that have the highest transaction fee. Such 
selection is necessary because the number of transactions which can be included in any particular 
block is limited by the Bitcoin protocol specification. The transaction costs required to be paid in 
order to maximize the chances of timely processing of any transaction, are thus not constant over 
time, but depend on the size of the Mempools and on the proposed fees of transactions posted by 
other participants. Furthermore, miners may collude in an anticompetitive manner in order to reject 
low transaction fees, forcing users to pay higher transaction fees. Due to the reasons outlined 
above, the level of transaction fees required to maximise the chances of prompt transfer instruction 
processing, as well as the actual timing of any transaction is therefore unpredictable and 
Certificateholders might receive the Delivery Amount or the Cash Amount (as the case may be) 
later than anticipated, or in extreme cases, not receive at all. 
 
1.20 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
 
At any time, the price at which the Certificates of any Series trade on any exchange to which they 
may be admitted from time to time may not reflect accurately the price of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets represented by such Series of Certificates. Investors should be aware that the market 
value of the Certificates does not exclusively depend on the prevailing price of the relevant 
Underlying Cryptoassets and changes in the prevailing price of the Underlying Cryptoassets may 
not necessarily result in a comparable change in the market value of the Certificates. The 
performance of the Certificates may differ significantly from direct holdings of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets as a result of fees and charges, in addition to the negative effect of any other risks 
described herein. The return on the Certificates may not reflect the return if the investor had actually 
owned the relevant Underlying Cryptoassets and held such investment for a similar period. 
 
1.21 
Risks relating to sale of Underlying Cryptoassets in connection with any Cash Settlement 
 
In circumstances where Certificates are to be redeemed in cash, the Execution Agent will act as 
the Issuer's agent in relation to the sale of the Underlying Cryptoassets in exchange for the 
Specified Currency. In relation to any such sale, the Execution Agent has agreed to use reasonable 
efforts to sell the relevant Underlying Cryptoassets with regard to achieving the Reference Price 
(as defined in the Conditions of the Certificates). It may, however, may be impossible to execute 
trades against the Specified Currency at the Reference Price. In the event the Execution Agent  
is unable to achieve the Reference Price, Certificateholders will receive less than the Reference 
Price, and the Execution Agent will have no other liability to pay the difference to any of the Issuer, 
the Trustee or any Certificateholder. 
 
In addition, the Execution Agent is not a bank and, if it loses any cash or Underlying Cryptoassets 
in a connection with any Cash Settlement for any reason (including in the case of its insolvency), 
there is no specific legal protection, for example through a deposit guarantee scheme, that would 
cover the Issuer for losses arising from any such loss of cash or Underlying Cryptoassets. 
 
1.22 
Risk in connection with a Physical Settlement or a Cash Settlement 
 
Where Physical Settlement applies in connection with any redemption of the Certificates, the 
Administrator will instruct the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer to effect a transfer of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets of the Certificates being redeemed to the Certificateholders. 
 
In addition, where Cash Settlement applies in connection with any redemption of the Certificates, 
the Administrator will instruct the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer to effect a transfer of the 
Underlying Cryptoassets of the Certificates being redeemed to the Execution Agent, for the 
purpose of the onward sale of the Underlying Cryptoassets by the Execution Agent in exchange 
for the Specified Currency.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
In either case, there may be circumstances in which a Custodian fails to effect such a transfer at 
all, or fails to effect such a transfer in accordance with such instructions. In particular, but without 
limitation, under the terms of the Custody Agreement the Custodian is entitled to suspend or limit 
its services in circumstances including a network outage or a failure, outage, hack or other 
malfunction of a relevant cryptocurrency or its underlying protocol. Such transfers are also subject 
to the Custodian’s policies and procedures which stipulate the eligible counterparties for these 
transfers. If the receiving counterparty for a transfer does not meet the requirements in the 
Custodian’s policies and procedures, it will not be effected. Failure to effect such a transfer may 
result in the Certificateholder losing some or all of its investment. In addition, the Custody 
Agreement only requires the Custodian to meet a certain standard of care in the provision of its 
services, and also contains certain limitations on the liability of the Custodian which may serve to 
limit the recourse of the Issuer against the Custodian in circumstances where the Issuer suffers a 
loss as a result of the Custodian non-performance. For further information, see the description of 
the Custody Agreement in the "Overview of the Transaction Documents" section. 
 
1.23 
Storage risk in relation to Underlying Cryptoassets 
 
Cryptocurrencies reside on the public blockchain in a distributed ledger, which means it is not held 
by a central authority at a single location, but rather distributed among a network of users. The 
ledger in public blockchains is transparent and available for everyone to view how many coins are 
available to spend form each address in the blockchain. However, to spend the coins from a 
particular address and transfer them to another address requires the use of a private key. Securing 
the private keys that enable assets to be transferred is therefore crucial to safeguarding the assets. 
Physical storage of blockchain private keys in paper or electronic form, where the keys are 
generated from an offline system, is a popular solution. Investors who independently store private 
keys directly in this way risk losing access to their digital assets. This could be either through 
forgetting encryption passwords to access keys or losing the recovery seed to hardware wallets. 
Alternatively, investors may underestimate the requirement to ensure effective backups of keys, 
risking the loss of their investments if the medium used to physically store the private keys was to 
fail, rendering the digital assets inaccessible and incapable of being realised. Instances of 
investors losing access to digital assets may adversely affect levels of adoption and use of digital 
assets, as well as investor sentiment towards them. This could adversely affect the price of 
cryptocurrencies and consequently the value of an investment in the Certificates. 
 
The Issuer will partner with the Custodian to minimise the risk of loss of assets. Institutional 
custodian solutions may vary in their specific security implementation and process. However, they 
often will offer high security values for safekeeping of private keys with elaborate security protocols 
surrounding access to the secure enclave in which the private keys are stored and withdrawals 
from addresses associated with the private keys stored or encrypted in the secure enclave. Such 
arrangements offer high levels of security by comparison to other ways of holding cryptocurrencies. 
However, there is no assurance that these arrangements fully protect from loss of assets. 
Furthermore, such elaborate security protocols often introduce intentional friction and delays to 
accessing assets, which means that in some instances assets may not be accessible and their 
value many not be realisable immediately, which may result in a loss in cases where the prices of 
the relevant cryptocurrencies moves adversely. The jurisdiction or geography in which private keys 
are stored by the custodian firm, in case they are stored physically or on paper, may also affect the 
ability to withdraw assets in instances where regulation changes. 
 
Use of a custodian may result in the Issuer not being able to access the Underlying Cryptoassets 
for a period of time (or possibly indefinitely) should the custodian enter into an insolvency procedure 
or experience any kind of systematic failure relating to technology, process or people. In addition, 
the Custody Agreement only requires the Custodian to meet a certain standard of care in the 
provision of its services, and also contains certain limitations on the liability of the Custodian which 
may serve to limit the recourse of the Issuer against the Custodian in circumstances where the 
Issuer suffers a loss as a result of any failure relating to the Custodian. For further information, 
see the description of the Custody Agreement in the "Overview of the Transaction Documents" 
section.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
1.24 
Risk of late settlement 
 
Owing to the security measures associated with storing cryptocurrencies, large redemptions can 
result in longer than standard settlement periods. The delay in the redemption process can lead 
to settlement delays in the secondary market. This increases that the risk that the price of 
Certificates at the time the decision is taken to redeem them differs the price at the time the related 
Underlying Asset is delivered to the redeeming Certificateholder or, as applicable, the proceeds 
from its sale transferred to it. 
 
1.25 
Irreversible Transactions 
 
Transactions within the blockchain are generally irreversible. Any errors in the transfer of assets 
may not may not be recoverable and may cause a partial or total loss to investors. This is a 
consequences of the distributed nature of blockchains and the lack of a central authority in many 
blockchains where investors do not have recourse to raise and resolve transaction disputes. 
 
2. 
Risks related to the Certificates 
 
The two most material risks in this Risk Category 2 (Risks related to the Certificates) are the risks 
set out under 2.1 (There may not be an active trading market for the Certificates) and 2.2. 
(Certificateholders will be exposed to, amongst other risks, the credit and operational risk of the 
Issuer, the Custodian, the Administrator, the Account Bank, the Execution Agent, the ICSD Paying 
Agent, the Certificates Settlement Agent, the Issuer Adviser and other service providers). The risks 
set out after the most material risk or risks are not further ranked by the Issuer in accordance with 
their respective degree of materiality. 
 
2.1 
There may not be an active trading market for the Certificates 
 
If Certificates are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon the market for similar securities and general economic conditions. 
The market for trading of Certificates of one Series may differ from the market, if any, of any other 
Series of Certificates and the performance of one Series of Certificates may not be indicative of 
how any other Series of Certificates will perform. 
 
Although the Issuer intends to obtain admission of the Certificates to trading on the regulated 
market (regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that such 
application will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop. Once listed, it is not 
assured that the Certificates will remain listed and the trading of the Certificates on the relevant 
regulated market may be suspended. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or 
liquidity of any trading market for any Series of Certificates. Any change to the listing requirements, 
the regulation of the Certificates, or acceptance of cryptocurrencies as underlying assets could 
adversely impact the Issuer, the value of the Certificates and investors in the Certificates. 
 
Even if a market develops, no specific level of liquidity can be assured, or it may be discontinued 
at any time. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Certificates easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield or return comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market or if they had invested in the Underlying Cryptoassets directly. The Certificates 
are especially sensitive to currency and market risks and are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies. The Certificates will generally have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse 
effect on the market value of Certificates and the price at which the Certificates will be traded may 
not reflect the price of the Underlying Cryptoassets represented by such Certificates. 
 
If one or more regulated markets decide that the Certificates no longer should be so admitted to 
trading, regardless of whether this is due to circumstances assignable to the Issuer, the 
Certificates, the Underlying Cryptoassets, and the Authorised Participants, a change to 
regulationor any other reason, there is a risk that the Issuer will not succeed in having the 
Certificates admitted to trading on another regulated market, MTF or other marketplace. Such a

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
course of events would likely worsen the liquidity, disposal opportunities and the market value for 
the Certificates and thus create risks of losses for investors. 
 
2.2 
Certificateholders will be exposed to, amongst other risks, the credit and operational risk 
of the Issuer, the Custodian, the Administrator, the Account Bank, the Execution Agent, the 
ICSD Paying Agent, the Certificates Settlement Agent, the Issuer Adviser and other service 
providers 
 
The Certificates of each Series constitute secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and 
of no other person. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Certificates of a Series 
and the Transaction Documents relating thereto will be dependent, where applicable, upon the 
Custodian, the Administrator, the Account Bank, the Execution Agent, the ICSD Paying Agent, the 
Certificates Settlement Agent, the Issuer Adviser and any other service providers to the Issuer in 
respect of the Certificates making the relevant payments and/or deliveries to, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and upon all parties to the Transaction Documents (other than the Issuer) performing their 
respective obligations thereunder. 
 
Furthermore, the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (collectively with 
secondary and implementing EU rules, and national implementing legislation, the "BRRD") equips 
national authorities in EU Member States (the "Resolution Authorities") to intervene in the failure 
of credit institutions and significant investment firms (collectively, "relevant institutions"). In 
particular, liabilities of relevant institutions arising out of the Transaction Documents not otherwise 
subject to an exception, could be subject to the exercise of "bail-in" powers of the relevant 
Resolution Authorities. If the relevant Resolution Authority decides to "bail-in" the liabilities of a 
relevant institution, then subject to certain exceptions set out in the BRRD, the liabilities of such 
relevant institution could, among other things, be reduced, converted or extinguished in full. As a 
result, the Issuer and ultimately the Certificateholders may not be able to recover claims owed by 
such an entity to the Issuer. In addition, a relevant Resolution Authority may exercise its discretions 
in a manner that produces different outcomes amongst institutions resolved in different EU Member 
States. 
 
2.3 
Risk of delay and suspensions in relation to redemptions at the option of Certificateholders 
prior to the Final Maturity Date 
 
The Conditions of the Certificates contain provisions allowing for Certificateholder which is an 
Authorised Participant to request the redemption of such Certificate(s) prior to their Final Maturity 
Date in accordance with the Conditions. In connection with any Physical Settlement, there is a 
minimum time lag of one Business Day following such a request until the Delivery Amount is due 
to be delivered to the Digital Wallet designated by such holder. However, such delay could be 
significantly longer, particularly in the case of a delay arising from the existence of a Market 
Disruption Event or a Settlement Disruption Event at any relevant time. Furthermore, a 
Certificateholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may only redeem its Certificates if the 
Issuer has notified the Certificateholders that redemption requests from Certificateholders which 
are not Authorised Participants will be permitted, which it may do at its discretion in cases such as 
market disruption, absence of a market maker or other circumstances making it impracticable or 
impossible for redemptions to be made through Authorised Participants. In those circumstances, a 
Certificateholder which is not an Authorised Participant may only require redemption by way of 
Cash Settlement. 
 
In addition, Certificateholder Optional Redemptions in respect of a Series of Certificates shall be 
suspended: (i) from the occurrence of any event or events in respect of that Series of Certificates 
which may result in a Mandatory Redemption, for as long as such Mandatory Redemption may still 
occur; and (ii) from the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default in respect 
of that Series of Certificates, for as long as such Event of Default or Potential Event of Default is 
continuing. 
 
The amount of the Cash Amount or the Delivery Amount, as applicable, could decrease or increase 
from what it would have been but for such delay or suspension.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
The failure to deliver any certifications or notices required by the Conditions could result in the loss 
or inability to receive payments or deliveries otherwise due under the Certificates. 
 
Prospective investors should review the Conditions to ascertain how such provisions apply to the 
Certificates. 
 
2.4 
Certificates may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer prior to the Final Maturity Date or 
as a result of a Mandatory Redemption, and acceleration may occur upon an Event of 
Default 
 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Certificates of any Series in whole prior to their Final 
Maturity Date at any time, provided the relevant period of notice is given to the relevant 
Certificateholders in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
On the occurrence of certain events set out in Condition 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption) (including, 
for example, certain tax events or the aggregate number of outstanding Certificates of that 
particular Series falling below a specified level), the Certificates of such Series will be redeemed 
in whole prior to their Final Maturity Date. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the 
Trustee in respect of any Series, the Certificates of such Series will be accelerated and the Security 
relating to such Series will become enforceable. 
 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, Mandatory Redemption or acceleration would occur 
irrespective of the then current price of the price of the Underlying Cryptoassets. Consequently, 
the affected Certificates may be redeemed or accelerated at a time when the value of the 
Underlying Cryptoassets is low, thus the amounts payable in respect of each relevant Certificate 
on such redemption may be low, and investors may suffer a substantial loss on their investment. 
 
2.5 
The Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Cryptoassets reduces on a daily basis 
 
From time to time in respect of Certificates of any particular Series, an amount of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets equal to the Combined Fees will be withdrawn from the relevant Depositary Wallet 
and sold by or on behalf of the Issuer and the proceeds thereof, in the normal course, paid to the 
Issuer Adviser in consideration for its services as Issuer Adviser in relation to that Series and also 
its agreement to pay to the Issuer or to its order, the fees and expenses due to the other service 
providers in respect of the Programme. 
 
The accrual and payment of the Combined Fees will be reflected in the Per Certificate Entitlement 
for each cryptocurrency, which will reduce on a daily basis at the Reduction Percentage specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Assuming a constant value of the relevant cryptocurrency from the 
date of issue of each Series of Certificates linked to such cryptocurrency the value of the 
Certificates of such Series would therefore gradually decline as the Per Certificate Entitlement to 
such cryptocurrency in respect of the Series declines. Therefore amounts payable to 
Certificateholders in respect of the Certificates may not be comparable to the yields which could 
be earned if Certificateholders had invested directly in the relevant cryptocurrency. 
 
2.6 
Cost of trading the Certificates 
 
Investors buying or selling the Certificates in the secondary market will incur brokerage 
commissions or other charges. Brokerage commissions are often a fixed amount and may be a 
significant proportional cost for investors seeking to buy or sell relatively small amounts of 
Certificates. In addition, an investor trading the Certificates on a secondary market may not be able 
to sell the Certificates at the same or a higher price at which the Certificates were bought. The 
difference in bid and ask prices ("bid/ask spread") will vary from time to time based on trading 
volume and market liquidity. Bid/ask spread generally decreases if the Certificates have high 
trading volume and market liquidity and increases if the Certificates have low trading volume,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
market liquidity and market volatility. Due to such trading costs and movements in bid/ask spread, 
investors intending to trade the Certificates frequently, or in relatively small amounts may incur 
significant trading costs and therefore impact the return on the investment in the Certificates. 
 
2.7 
Secondary market risk 
 
The market prices in the secondary market will become both higher and lower than the rate to 
which investors have purchased their Certificates. The market prices in the secondary market may 
not accurately reflect the Reference Price or the price of the Underlying Cryptoassets. The bid/offer 
prices in the secondary market may thus become either higher or lower than the price at which the 
respective Underlying Cryptoassets trade. In the event that a Certificate trades at a significant 
premium or discount (i.e. +/- 2 per cent. or more for seven consecutive trading days) to the 
expected price for such Certificate based on prevailing market prices for the specified Underlying 
Cryptoassets, the Issuer will make disclosure of such premium or discount on its website 
(etf.invesco.com) and provide a discussion of the factors that are reasonably believed to have 
materially contributed to the premium or discount (as applicable). Although the price determination 
in the secondary market is based on established calculation models, it is dependent upon the 
underlying development of the market and the market's conception of the Issuer's credit status, the 
Certificates' probable remaining duration and the sales opportunities on the secondary market. In 
the light of the volatility which can be historically observed in the prices for the Underlying 
Cryptoassets, it is possible that the price determination of the Certificates in the secondary market 
will be very volatile. 
 
2.8 
Reference Price risk 
 
Whilst Certificates are redeemed by the Issuer by transfer of the Delivery Amount (where Physical 
Settlement applies) or by payment of the Cash Amount (where Cash Settlement applies), a 
theoretical cash value in US Dollars may be attributed to the Certificates on a particular day using 
the Reference Price on that day. The Reference Price has a limited operating history and 
Certificateholders using the Reference Price as a way of valuing their Certificates may find that the 
Reference Price may among other things (i) not behave over time like it has historically (ii) be based 
on procedures and subject to regulation and oversight that may change significantly (iii) not be 
widely accepted (iv) not be a reliable indicator of the cash value of Underlying Cryptoassets in 
actual transactions of (v) otherwise prove unreliable. If the Reference Price proves unreliable, 
Certificateholders using the Reference Price to calculate the cash value of their Certificates may 
find that the cash value is negatively impacted and/or is not representative of the value that can be 
obtained for the Certificates in secondary market trading or on redemption in the limited 
circumstances where Cash Settlement may be applicable. 
 
2.9 
Certificateholders have no proprietary interest in the Underlying Cryptoassets 
 
Certificateholders have no proprietary interest in the Underlying Cryptoassets and do not benefit 
from a direct or indirect security interest in the Underlying Cryptoassets. Excluded from the Security 
held by the Trustee the Issuer's proprietary interest in and to Underlying Cryptoassets themselves, 
including but not limited to any proprietary interest in and to the Underlying Cryptoassets, which 
are held on trust by the Custodian for the Issuer under the terms of the Custody Agreement. 
Certificateholders have no independent right to enforce or sell the Underlying Cryptoassets and 
must rely on the Trustee to do so through the assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s 
contractual rights under the Custody Agreement only. Certificateholders may not receive amounts 
otherwise owed to them. 
 
2.10 
Security granted to secure the Certificates may be unenforceable or enforcement of the 
Security may be delayed. 
 
The Security comprises, inter alia, an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s contractual 
rights under the Custody Agreement. 
 
The Security arrangements may not be sufficient to protect the Certificateholders in the event of

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
the Issuer’s or the Custodian's bankruptcy or liquidation for various reasons. The Security may not 
provide effective recourse to the Underlying Cryptoassets, and the enforcement of the Security 
may be delayed. Certificateholders may therefore not or not in a timely manner receive amounts 
otherwise owed to them. 
 
2.11 
Passive investment risk 
 
The Certificates cannot be considered as an actively managed investment and may be affected by 
a general decline in the value of the relevant Underlying Cryptocurrency (see also "Risks related 
to the Underlying Cryptoassets"). Neither the Issuer nor any other party will actively manage the 
Underlying Cryptocurrency or the Certificates. As a result, the Issuer will not take any action to 
attempt to reduce the risk of loss resulting from price decreases. As a result, Certificateholders 
bear the risk of a loss of part or all of their investment. 
 
2.12 
Changes in regulation of cryptocurrencies 
 
The Certificates are linked to one or more cryptocurrencies. A potential investor has, therefore, to 
consider that the regulation of cryptocurrencies is subject to change. Therefore, it cannot be ruled 
out that the regulatory treatment of cryptocurrencies by national authorities and courts or 
international standard setting bodies could be subject to changes in the future. As a result of such 
changes, the purchase and/or direct or indirect investment in cryptocurrencies, including with 
respect to the Certificates may be prohibited or otherwise restricted. Furthermore, if an investment 
in cryptocurrencies is prohibited, Certificateholders may not redeem and receive cryptocurrencies 
pursuant to the Conditions. Moreover, changes in the regulation of cryptocurrencies, including with 
respect to the Certificates, may adversely impact the Issuer and the value of the Certificates. As a 
result, Certificateholders bear the risk of a loss of part or all of their investment. 
 
2.13 
The Certificateholder is responsible for choosing an appropriate Digital Wallet (an 
inadequate or inappropriate Digital Wallet can lead to the loss of cryptocurrency). 
 
If Certificates are terminated or redeemed either by the Issuer or the Certificateholder pursuant to 
the Conditions and the Certificateholder is entitled to receive payment in the relevant 
cryptocurrency through Physical Settlement, the cryptocurrency must be transferred to the 
Certificateholder's Digital Wallet. If this transfer occurs to an inadequate or inappropriate Digital 
Wallet (which includes, but is not limited to, a Digital Wallet to which the Certificateholder does not 
have the corresponding private cryptographic key or keys, or which the Certificateholder cannot 
operate due to any other limitation, technical or otherwise), the Certificateholder will may not be 
able to access and dispose of the relevant cryptocurrency. For the Certificateholder, this means a 
total loss of his investment. The decision on choosing the correct compatible Digital Wallet lies 
solely with the Certificateholder. The Certificateholder is also entirely responsible for the secure 
storage of the private key of his Digital Wallet in order to receive and dispose of the relevant 
cryptocurrency. The loss or theft of the private key (which includes an unauthorised copy of all or 
part of the key or keys) can result in a total loss of all the assigned cryptocurrency within the Digital 
Wallet. 
 
2.14 
Change of law 
 
The Account Bank Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of New York. The 
Administration Agreement will be governed by Irish law. All other transaction documents relating 
to the Programme, including the Conditions of the Certificates and the terms of the Trust Deed, will 
be governed by English law. In each case, the documents are based on the relevant law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change of law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Certificateholders may face detrimental changes in law which negatively impact their rights under 
the Certificates, which in turn may result in a Certificateholder's loss of the investment in the 
Certificates.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
2.15 
Taxation 
 
Each Certificateholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction 
or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or 
other like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the 
Certificates. In particular, the taxation of Bitcoin and associated companies can vary significantly 
by jurisdiction and is subject to significant revisions. The status of Bitcoin remains undefined. 
 
Accordingly, the way in which Bitcoin is taxed varies from country to country. Before making a 
decision to invest in the Certificates, investors should consult their local tax advisor on matters of 
taxation. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to Certificateholders to reimburse them for 
any tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld or deducted from payments in respect of 
the Certificates by the Issuer or any Paying Agent or any other person or suffered by the Issuer in 
respect of the Underlying Cryptoassets or any disposal thereof or any tax, assessment or charge 
suffered by the Issuer. This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any evaluation 
of the taxation issues relevant to an investment in the Certificates. No information in relation to 
taxation is provided by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus. Each prospective investor must consider 
any relevant taxation matters based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate. 
 
3. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
 
The two most material risks in this Risk Category 2 (Risks related to the Issuer) are the risks set 
out under 3.1 (Limited recourse) and 3.2 (The Issuer is a Special Purpose Vehicle). The risks set 
out after the most material risk or risks are not further ranked by the Issuer in accordance with their 
respective degree of materiality. 
 
3.1 
Limited recourse  
 
All amounts due from the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) in 
relation to any given Series under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in relation to such 
Series and the other Secured Obligations shall be equal to the lesser of the principal amount of 
such obligations and the actual amount received or recovered by or for the account of the Issuer 
in respect of the Secured Property applicable to that Series net of any sums which the Issuer 
certifies to the Trustee that it is or may be obliged by law to pay to any person in priority to the 
Certificateholders or other Secured Creditors in accordance with Condition 5 (Security and 
Payment Priorities). Accordingly, all payments to be made by the Issuer under the Transaction 
Documents or the Conditions in respect of any Secured Obligations for any given Series may only 
be satisfied by recourse to the sums received or recovered by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Trustee in respect of the Secured Property for such Series (net as aforesaid) (the "Available 
Amount"). The Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) shall look solely to the 
Available Amount for payments to be made by the Issuer, the obligation of the Issuer to make 
payments will be limited to the Available Amount (which shall be applied in accordance with the 
applicable Payments Priorities) and the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) will 
have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect thereof. In the event that the amount due and 
payable by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) exceeds the 
Available Amount, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding the Available 
Amount shall be extinguished and none of the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) 
may take any further action to recover such amounts. 
 
3.2 
The Issuer is a Special Purpose Vehicle 
 
The Issuer is a newly incorporated special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of 
establishing the Programme and issuing one or more series of asset backed securities, holding the 
Underlying Cryptoassets for each Series, through the Custodian, and entering into, and performing 
its obligations under, agreements related to the foregoing, and this is the sole business of the 
Issuer. Certificateholders should look solely to the Secured Property for recourse as the Issuer will 
not have any other available assets from which to pay investors.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
Because it has been recently incorporated, the Issuer has only limited operating history or track 
record for a prospective investor to consider in making its decision to invest in the Certificates. 
 
3.3 
Data 
 
The Issuer and its agents (including, but not limited to, the Administrator) will maintain significant 
amounts of data surrounding subscriptions to and redemptions of the Certificates. For every 
subscription or redemption, the Issuer and its agents may receive and maintain in relation to each 
subscribing or redeeming investor the following data: (i) proof of identity and/or incorporation 
documents; (ii) residence or incorporation address; (iii) certain bank and securities accounts 
details; (iv) blockchain digital wallets information; (v) contact information; (vi) such other information 
requested by the Issuer from time to time. A significant data breach may have wide reaching 
adverse effects, including trading losses and reputational damage, which may adversely impact 
the Issuer’s core business and could therefore have a negative impact on the Issuer`s profitability, 
creditworthiness and fundraising capacity. These dynamics may impact the value of an investment 
in the Certificates. 
 
3.4 
Compliance 
 
Pursuant to the regulatory framework which is currently applicable to the Issuer, it faces relatively 
low compliance requirements, as it is, for example, not directly responsible for "know your client" 
("KYC") checks or anti-money laundering ("AML") checks of end investors. Any breach of the 
compliance processes of the Issuer, Authorised Participants or service providers could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s core business, including reputational damage and significant 
legal and financial impact. These dynamics may impact the value of an investment in the 
Certificates. 
 
3.5 
No Regulation of the Issuer by any Regulatory Authority 
 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, 
insurance or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by 
any authority in any jurisdiction. There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one 
or more jurisdictions would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of that jurisdiction's 
laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such regulatory authority could have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer or the Certificateholders as a result of additional obligations, requirements or 
restrictions being applied to the Issuer and/or the Certificates. 
 
3.6 
Risks related to regulation of blockchain technologies and digital assets 
 
The Certificates are linked to cryptocurrencies (including Bitcoin) and the regulatory regime 
governing Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is currently undeveloped and likely to evolve rapidly. 
Various legislative and executive bodies in Jersey and in other countries may in the future, adopt 
laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact the development and 
growth of the Certificates and the adoption and/or utility of the Certificates. Failure by the Issuer or 
certain investors to comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet 
or are subject to interpretation and may be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse 
consequences, including civil penalties and fines and may negatively affect the rights of investors 
under the Certificates. 
 
3.7 
Insolvency 
 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of Certificates and related 
and incidental matters. Any issue of Certificates must be on terms that provide for the claims of the 
Certificateholders and Transaction Parties in respect of such Certificates to be limited to the 
proceeds of the assets on which such Certificates are secured (see “Risks related to Issuer - 
Limited recourse obligations” above). In addition, there are restrictions on the Certificateholders 
and Transaction Parties bringing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. If such provisions are 
upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become insolvent.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 5 (Security and Payments 
Priorities) and the limited recourse and non-petition provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding 
liabilities to third parties which it is unable to discharge or should the limited recourse or non-petition 
provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer 
becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of any country having jurisdiction over it or 
any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine the validity of the claims of 
Certificateholders and may prevent Certificateholders from enforcing their rights or delay such 
enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets 
and security, the Security created in favour of the Trustee may be set aside or ranked behind 
certain other creditors and the assets subject to such security may be transferred to another person 
free of such Security. 
 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in 
financial difficulties. In such jurisdictions the rights of the Trustee to enforce the Security under 
each Security Deed or to enforce the Issuer’s rights under any other document may be limited or 
delayed by such procedures. 
 
4. 
Risk factors related to conflicts of interest 
 
The two most material risks in this Risk Category 4 (Risks related to conflicts of interest) are the 
risks set out under 4.1 (Conflict of Interests in relation to the Execution Agent) and 4.2 (Conflicts of 
interest in relation to the Authorised Participants). 
 
4.1 
Conflict of Interests in relation to the Execution Agent 
 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Execution Agent is also an Authorised Participant and 
may therefore from time to time acquire, hold or divest themselves of positions in the Certificates. 
When doing so, the Execution Agent will act in its own interests, rather than with regard to the 
interests of the Issuer or other Certificateholders. In addition, situations may arise where there is 
a conflict between the role of the Execution Agent acting in that capacity and its capacity as 
Certificateholder. The Execution Agent may make decisions that negatively affect the value of an 
investment in the Certificates. 
 
4.2 
Conflicts of interest in relation to the Authorised Participants 
 
The trading activities of the Authorised Participants and/or their affiliates, including their trading in 
the Underlying Cryptoassets may influence the value of the Underlying Cryptoassets, which could 
impact the amount payable on the relevant Certificates and thus adverse to the interests of the 
Certificateholders. None of the Authorised Participants or any of their affiliates has any obligation 
to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or Certificateholders into consideration at any 
time. The Authorised Participant may make decisions that negatively affect the value of an 
investment in the Certificates.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Certificates will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates" (the "Conditions") as completed by the relevant Final Terms. Any 
references in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall be construed as a reference to final terms for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with 
any amendments or supplements hereto and, in relation to any Tranche of Certificates, must be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Authorised Participant. 
 
In this Base Prospectus and in relation to any Tranche, references to the "relevant Authorised Participant" 
are to whichever of the Authorised Participants enters into an agreement for the issue of the Certificates of 
such Tranche, as described in "Subscription and Sale" below and references to the "relevant Final Terms" 
are to the Final Terms relating to such Tranche. 
 
Neither the Authorised Participants nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any 
part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Certificate shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer 
since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Certificates in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Authorised Participants to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Certificates and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Certificates, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
In particular, no Certificates have been and no Certificates will be registered under the Securities Act. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Certificates and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the 
Authorised Participants or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
subscribe for or purchase any Certificates. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall 
be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area and references to "US$", "US dollars" or "dollars" are to 
United States dollars. 
 
If the Final Terms in relation to any Series of Certificates specify that an offer of those Certificates may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Offer"), the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus, and accepts responsibility for the content 
of this Base Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
Certificates in those Public Offer Jurisdictions which are specified in those Final Terms and by the financial 
intermediaries specified in those Final Terms. Such consent applies to any such resale or final placement 
by way of public offer during the Offer Period specified in those Final Terms unless such consent is 
withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the website of the Issuer Adviser (etf.invesco.com). As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, no financial intermediary has been designated by the Issuer and in the 
event of a public offer the Issuer shall be the offeror. 
 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional financial intermediaries after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period after the date of the relevant Final Terms, 
and/or (iii) remove or add conditions after the date of the relevant Final Terms, and if it does so, such 
information in relation to the relevant Certificates will be published by way of notice which will be available 
on the Issuer's website (etf.invesco.com). The consent relates only to offer periods occurring within 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. Any financial intermediary using this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the offering must 
state on its website that it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and 
the conditions attached thereto. 
 
Except as specified above, the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other 
person with respect to the subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Certificates 
and no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Issuer Adviser or the Trustee which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in each section of this Base Prospectus. 
 
This document contains the information which the Issuer believes is necessary to enable prospective 
investors to make an informed assessment of an investment in Certificates. However, a prospective investor 
should, without any reliance on the Issuer, the Issuer Adviser, any Authorised Participant, any other 
Transaction Party or any of their Affiliates, conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, 
legal, regulatory, financial and tax analysis) prior to deciding whether to invest in any Certificates issued 
under the Programme. Any evaluation of the suitability for an investor of an investment in Certificates issued 
under the Programme depends upon that prospective investor’s particular financial and other 
circumstances, as well as on the specific terms of the relevant Certificates. 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the Certificates are a suitable investment for it, it 
should consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the 
Certificates. 
 
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the Issuer 
Adviser, any Authorised Participant or any other Transaction Party, or any of their Affiliates, makes any 
recommendation as to the suitability of the Certificates as an investment. The provision of this document to 
prospective investors is not based on any prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not 
be relied upon as an assessment of suitability for any prospective investor of the Certificates, even if the 
Issuer, the Issuer Adviser, any Authorised Participant or any other Transaction Party, or any of their 
Affiliates, possesses information as to the objectives of any prospective investor in relation to any 
transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy. Any trading or investment decisions a prospective 
investor takes are in reliance on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Issuer Adviser, any Authorised Participant or any other Transaction Party nor any 
Affiliate of such persons has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Certificates 
by a prospective purchaser of the Certificates (whether for its own account or for the account of any third 
party), whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser (or any such third party) with any law, regulation 
or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor in the Certificates must determine, based on its 
own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, 
that its acquisition of the Certificates: 
 
 
is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the Certificates in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition; 
 
 
complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable 
to it (and, if it is acquiring the Certificates in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary); 
 
 
is not a breach of any legal, contractual or regulatory restrictions applicable to it; and 
 
 
is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Certificates in a fiduciary 
capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing 
in or holding the Certificates. 
 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each Series of Certificates about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Authorised Participant subscribing for any Certificates is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Authorised Participants nor any of 
their affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
The PRIIPs Regulation 
 
The directors of the Issuer will ensure that a key information document is issued in respect of each Series 
of Certificates, pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation (as defined below), as may be amended from time to time 
(the "KID"), for EEA retail investors. EEA retail investors can refer to the KID for the relevant Certificates for 
details of, principally, the purposes of the Certificates, the summary risk indicator performance scenarios, 
the summary cost indicator and recommended holding period for the relevant Certificates in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (as may be amended from time to time, the "PRIIPs Regulation").

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING CRYPTOASSETS  
 
The following is a description of the Underlying Cryptoassets, which may be used in respect of Certificates 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme. Investment decisions should not be made solely on the basis 
of this description. 
 
The information in this section consists only of extracts from, publicly available information (including on 
Bitcoin.org, Stellar.org, Ethereum.org, BitcoinCash.org, Litecoin.org, Block.one, and Ripple.com). Such 
publicly available information was not prepared in connection with the offering of the Certificates. 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by each of the relevant sources, no facts have 
been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
The Development of Blockchain Technology 
 
Following the launch of Bitcoin, there have been a growing number of other blockchains, which have been 
developed for a range of purposes from file storage to payments. Most but not all cryptocurrencies are based 
on the original code of either the Bitcoin or the Ethereum blockchain. 
 
Bitcoin was the first blockchain ever developed. In 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto, a pseudonym for an individual 
(or possibly a group of individuals), published a research paper describing a new digital currency called 
Bitcoin. Shortly thereafter, in 2009, this individual mined the first 50 Bitcoins, known as the genesis block. 
To date, no individual or group has been reliably identified as the creator of the Bitcoin Network and these 
creators disappeared shortly after the mining of the genesis block. 
 
Initially, the network was formed by a small group of initial participants and only began to gain traction after 
the first year of operations. It has since evolved into a vast peer to peer payments network with no centralised 
authority. 
 
Today the Bitcoin Network is maintained by a growing number of miners, developers, Wallet Providers, 
software companies, and account holders. Since Bitcoin is, at its core, an open source project, there is no 
official organisation or authority that governs the codebase (a computer programme). However, there are a 
number of groups who unofficially promote and maintain the network. 
 
Ethereum was created later and initially released on in 2015, based on an initial description of the project 
by programmer Vitalik Buterin in 2013. Bitcoin lacks a scripting language and is therefore considered by 
some to be an imperfect platform for writing decentralised applications. After failing to add scripting to 
Bitcoin, Ethereum was built as a platform for this application development capability and was initially funded 
through a crowd sale where participants bought the currency Ether (ETH) with Bitcoin (BTC) in 2014. 
Ethereum has been used as a platform powering numerous decentralised applications, smart contracts, and 
initial coin offerings. 
 
Since the code behind Bitcoin is open-source, companies and individuals are able to use its codebase to 
create a new project, in what is called a fork. This has happened multiple times with numerous recorded 
Bitcoin forks. There have been two major Bitcoin forks: 
 
 
In 2011, Charlie Lee changed three key parameters of the Bitcoin code increasing the total supply 
of the currency to 84 million Litecoins (LTC) from Bitcoin's 21 million, reducing target block 
confirmation time to 2.5 minutes, and implementing an ASIC (application-specific integrated 
circuit)-resistant memory-hard Proof of Work algorithm (which reduced the risk of centralised 
mining) creating Litecoin. 
 
 
In 2017, a group of Bitcoin developers forked Bitcoin, this time creating a replica of the blockchain 
(a hard fork), in an attempt to resolve perceived problems with Bitcoins scalability, as transaction 
times were taking a long time, making the currency unattractive for small transactions. This new 
currency was called Bitcoin Cash and is mostly distinguished by a block size limit of 8 megabytes 
(as opposed to Bitcoins 1 megabyte) as well as a difficulty adjustment algorithm. The block

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
rewards, target block time, and supply limit are identical to Bitcoin, 12.5, 10 minutes, and 21 
million respectively. 
 
For further information about forks and their possible consequences, including for Certificateholders, see 
"Split of the Bitcoin chain" above. 
 
Ripple refers to both an open payments network and the cryptocurrency (also referred to as XRP) associated 
with it. In this way, Ripple is all of a real-time gross settlement system (RTGS), currency exchange, 
remittance network, and crypto currency. The Ripple protocol is built on top of an open source and 
distributed consensus ledger (a blockchain) using the decentralised digital currency XRP. While this was 
created and is today maintained by Ripple Labs Inc., an American corporation, the network can operate 
without Ripple Labs Inc. XRP is an example of a pre-mined digital asset. 
 
While, for example, Bitcoin is a mined digital asset, XRP is pre-mined in the sense that every single unit of 
the currency that will ever exist has already been created at the beginning of the network with a grand total 
of one hundred billion XRP. Most are owned by Ripple (55 billion of which was placed in escrow for supply 
predictability, so that the maximum supply that can enter the market can be mathematically verified and the 
rest held by companies and individuals). Ripple also is much faster than Bitcoin in terms of transaction 
speeds: 3-5 seconds for Ripple; 10 minutes to an hour for Bitcoin. It is also much cheaper than Bitcoin: A 
transaction costs about USD 0.0002 on RippleNet. 
 
Banks, payment providers and digital asset exchanges process and provide liquidity for payments on 
RippleNet, creating new, competitive cross-border payments services for their customers. 
 
There are a number of different blockchains, including the ones that powers Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, 
Monero, and others. These chains may be more centralised and may not feature all of the characteristics 
described above. New chains may be created at any time, which may differ significantly in terms of their 
underlying technology. 
 
Mining 
 
As more participants join or leave the network and the number of transactions rises, the network itself cannot 
verify and confirm transactions anymore, which would result in an information gap in the transaction chain 
and thus undermine the idea of the network. In order to solve this problem, the blockchain codebase 
provides for blocks of a given size (e.g., Bitcoins 1 megabyte) and allocates a computationally complex 
numeric problem (a hash, which is a 64-digit hexadecimal number) to each block. The mining process 
involves compiling recent transactions (which vary in size) into the blocks and trying to solve the numeric 
problem, once the block reaches its fixed size. Solving the numeric problem requires great computing power. 
For that matter, it is the computing power that gives legitimacy to the information chain of the transactions 
and thus stability to the cryptocurrency. The miner who first solves the numeric problem gets to place the 
next block on the blockchain and claim the rewards for successfully completing a block and confirming the 
transactions contained in the block. Therefore, mining is the process by which transactions are verified and 
confirmed, reaching consensus in the network (distributed consensus), and, as a result of this agreement, 
displayed on the public ledger, which is the blockchain, and also the means through which new coins are 
released into circulation, meaning that new coins are constantly created by huge datacentres processing 
complex numeric problems, or "proof of work". 
 
The rewards incentivise mining. Rewards may be both transaction fees associated with the transactions 
compiled in the block as well as newly released coins (provided for in the blockchain codebase). 
 
Cryptocurrency miners earn cryptocurrencies by confirming transactions and reaching consensus as a 
compensation for their computing power. 
 
Furthermore, mining can also give voting power when changes are proposed in the blockchain codebase. 
In other words, a successful miner has influence on the decision-making process on such matters as forking. 
 
Pre-mined cryptocurrencies (e.g., Ripple), on the other hand, means that (unlike e.g., Bitcoin or Ethereum) 
there are no miners that validate transactions in exchange for transaction fees and newly created units. All

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
of the units that will ever be created are already in existence. Therefore, a pre-mine is where a developer 
allocates a certain limited amount of currency credit to a particular address before releasing the source code 
to the open community. 
 
Pre-mined cryptocurrencies are placed in a cryptographically-secured escrow account to create certainty of 
supply at any given time. By securing the cryptocurrencies in escrow, it is possible to mathematically verify 
the maximum supply that can enter the market. This lockup eliminates the concern of flooding the market. 
Escrow allows a sender of cryptocurrencies to put conditions on exactly when a payment can be completed, 
so the payment remains cryptographically locked until the due date. 
 
Due to the absence of the complex mining process, transactions in pre-mined cryptocurrencies are also 
much faster. 
 
Uses of cryptocurrencies 
 
The use cases of cryptocurrencies can include: 
 
 
data on the global market; 
 
 
exchange market; 
 
 
goods and services; and/or 
 
 
peer to peer transactions; 
 
Although some financial supervisory authorities across Europe may restrict trading in cryptocurrencies 
and/or categories of market participants which may deal with cryptocurrencies, the Issuer is currently not 
required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any securities, commodities or banking laws of its 
jurisdiction of incorporation or operation and operates without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. 
However, the regulatory authorities in one or more other jurisdictions relevant to the Issuer’s business may 
determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, registered or authorised under the securities, 
commodities or banking laws of such jurisdiction and there can be no guarantee that legal or regulatory 
requirements with respect thereto will not change in the future. Any such requirement or change could 
require the Issuer to obtain licenses, registrations or authorisations or even make it impossible for the Issuer 
to perform its current business. The Issuer may not be granted such licenses, registrations or authorisations 
and/or it may face severe financial implications. 
 
The regulatory regime governing Bitcoin is currently undeveloped and likely to evolve rapidly. Various 
legislative and executive bodies in Germany and in other countries may in the future, adopt laws, 
regulations, guidance, or other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth of the 
Certificates and the adoption and/or utility of the Certificates. Failure by the Issuer or certain investors to 
comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation 
and may be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including civil penalties 
and fines. 
 
Pursuant to the regulatory framework which is currently applicable to the Issuer, it faces relatively low 
compliance requirements, as it is, for example, not directly responsible for "know your client" ("KYC") checks 
or anti-money laundering ("AML") checks of end investors. However, the Issuer takes reasonable efforts to 
establish the nature of counterparty and customer activities and to try to ascertain the legitimacy of 
counterparty funds. In this respect the Issuer relies on its Authorised Participants to perform checks on the 
sources of funds. It should be stressed that performing KYC/AML checks in respect of transactions related 
to Bitcoin is new and challenging and even though Authorised Participants are regulated entities, there is 
risk of compliance failures with respect to KYC/AML. Any breach of the compliance processes of the Issuer, 
Authorised Participants or service providers could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s core 
business, including reputational damage and significant legal and financial impact. 
 
Safety & Security: How are cryptocurrencies stored? 
 
After purchase, cryptocurrencies regularly are stored in a digital wallet on a computer, laptop or smartphone.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Digital wallets, similar to a bank account, identify the participant and allow transactions. These digital wallets 
are usually protected by a private key or password. Digital wallets also usually have a public key and a 
private key or a password, which allows access and thus authority to dispose of the cryptocurrencies. 
 
Exchanges and Liquidity 
 
There are several trading venues for cryptocurrencies. This list is not exhaustive but gives a sense of the 
range of available options. All of these exchanges meet the following criteria: (a) the cryptocurrencies can 
be traded against fiat currencies, (b) there is transparency by the publication of prices, and (c) the trading 
venue has an application programming interface and the website is in the English language at least. 
 
 
Bitcoin: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Gemini 
 
 
Ethereum: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Gemini 
 
 
Ripple: Bitstamp, Kraken, Korbit 
 
 
Bitcoin Cash: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Bithumb, Korbit 
 
 
Litecoin: Coinbase Pro, Bithumb, Bitstamp 
 
Information on past performance is available on any of these company websites (among others) free of 
charge: 
 
 
Pro.Coinbase.com 
 
 
Bitstamp.com 
 
 
Kraken.com 
 
 
Coinbase.com 
 
 
CoinMarketCap.com 
 
 
CryptoCompare.com 
 
The Issuer does not take responsibility for the contents of these websites, nor are they incorporated by 
reference herein. 
 
The Reference Price(s) 
 
As at the date of this base prospectus, the sole Specified Cryptocurrency in which Certificates may be 
redeemed is Bitcoin, and the Reference Price for those Certificates is The CoinShares Bitcoin Hourly 
Reference Rate. Further information regarding the methodology for the CoinShares Bitcoin Hourly 
Reference Rate may be found at The CoinShares Group website (www.coinshares.com) and on Compass 
Financal Technologies website (www.compassft.com). 
In future the Issuer may issue Series of Certificates giving rise to entitlements to redemption in other 
Specified Cryptocurrencies, and will specify the Reference Price for such Series in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Description of the Certificates 
 
The Certificates allow the holder thereof to benefit from an unlimited participation in any positive 
performance of the relevant Underlying Cryptoasset(s). Each Certificate represents an entitlement to the 
Underlying Cryptoasset(s) which is reduced by the Reduction Percentage on a daily basis as specified in the 
Conditions. Therefore, if the Underlying Cryptoasset(s) perform(s) positively, an investment in the 
Certificates directly reflects the positive performance of the Underlying(s) and will result in higher Sale 
Proceeds (if Cash Settlement is applicable), a higher value Delivery Amount (if Physical Settlement is 
applicable) (in each case subject to a reduction by all expenses, fees and charged incurred or to be incurred 
in connection with such redemption) or higher sale proceeds (if the Certificates are sold via an exchange).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Likewise, if the Underlying Cryptoasset(s) perform(s) negatively, an investment in the Certificates directly 
reflects the negative performance of the Underlying Crypto Asset(s) and will result in lower Sale Proceeds (if 
Cash Settlement is applicable), a lower value Delivery Amount (if Physical Settlement is applicable) (in each 
case subject to a reduction by all expenses, fees and charged incurred or to be incurred in connection with 
such redemption) or lower sale proceeds (if the Certificates are sold via an exchange). 
As a result, the risk associated with an investment in the Certificates is comparable to the risk associated 
with a direct investment in the Underlying Cryptoasset and a total loss of the amount invested in Certificates 
is possible.  
On the Final Maturity Date (which is scheduled for 30 June 2121), a Certificate will be redeemed at the Cash 
Amount which will be equal to the amount of cash received by the Issuer in respect of the sale of the 
relevant amount of the Underlying Cryptoasset in respect of such entitlement less all expenses, fees and 
charges incurred or to be incurred by the Issuer in respect of such redemption, subject to a minimum of 
US$0.01. If the Certificates are linked to a basket of Underlying Cryptoasset(s), the performance of each 
Underlying Cryptoasset is taken into account in accordance with its weighting for purposes of determining 
the Cash Amount. 
The Certificates also provide for a Certificateholder Optional Redemption (i.e. a Certificateholder may 
exercise its right to require the Issuer to redeem the Certificate before the Final Maturity Date at the option of 
the Certificateholder either by payment of the Cash Amount (if Cash Settlement is applicable) or by delivery 
of the Delivery Amount (if Physical Settlement is applicable) on the applicable Settlement Date), provided 
however that Certificateholders who are not Authorised Participants shall only be entitled to require the 
Issuer to redeem Certificates in exceptional circumstances prior to the Final Maturity Date as further 
specified in the Conditions. 
As long as the Certificates are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange or any other exchange, it is expected 
that Certificateholders may redeem their Certificates by selling them on such exchange for the then current 
market price. 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
Certificates of each Series will be represented by a Global Certificate which will be registered in the name 
of a nominee for, and deposited with, the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Citibank Europe plc as ICSD Paying Agent has agreed to act as paying agent in respect of the Certificates 
for so long as they are represented by Global Certificates. 
 
Each Global Certificate will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Certificates if (a) 
the Global Certificate is held (directly or indirectly) on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an alternative clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
have occurred and are continuing. 
 
Whenever the Global Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, such Individual Certificates 
will be issued in an aggregate number equal to the number of Certificates represented by the Global 
Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global 
Certificate, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to a person designated by the Issuer for such 
purpose of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Certificates (including, 
without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Certificates are 
to be registered and the number of Certificates of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the 
Global Certificate at the Specified Office of the person designated by the Issuer for such purpose. Such 
exchange will be effected without charge to any Certificateholder or the Trustee, but against such indemnity 
as the person designated by the Issuer may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
 
In addition, each Global Certificate will contain provisions that modify the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates as they apply to the Certificates evidenced by the Global Certificate. The following is a summary 
of certain of those provisions:

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), so long as the Global Certificate is held on behalf of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Holders of Certificates represented by the Global 
Certificate may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
shall be deemed to be given to the Holders of Certificates on the same date as such notice is delivered to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
In addition, indirect interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST Depository 
Interest (CDI) mechanism in Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Certificates of each Tranche, as completed by 
the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche. 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
1.1 
Invesco Digital Markets plc (the "Issuer") has established a Secured Cryptocurrency Linked 
Certificates Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of secured, limited recourse 
certificates (the "Certificates"). The aggregate number of Certificates outstanding at any one time 
under the Programme will not exceed the Programme Limit. In addition, the aggregate number of 
Certificates in a particular Series which are outstanding at any one time will not exceed the 
Maximum Issue Size for that Series. 
 
1.2 
Certificates will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each, a "Tranche") of Certificates issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche will be 
the subject of a Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). Each Certificate of such Tranche will have 
identical terms or terms which are identical except that the Issue Date, the Issue Price and the 
Initial Per Certificate Entitlement for such Tranche may be, as of the respective Issue Dates of such 
Tranches, different. Should any Series of Certificates be issued in one or more Tranches, the Initial 
Per Certificate Entitlement for each Tranche shall be the Per Certificate Entitlement for the Initial 
Tranche and any subsequent Tranche forming part of the Series as at the Issue Date of such 
further Tranche. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Certificates are 
these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
 
1.3 
The Certificates will be constituted by, subject to and have the benefit of the terms of the Trust 
Deed. 
 
1.4 
In connection with the Certificates, the Issuer has entered into or will enter into each of the following 
agreements: 
 
1.4.1 
the Trust Deed, under which, amongst other things, the Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as 
trustee in respect of the Certificates; 
 
1.4.2 
a Security Deed relating to each Series of Certificates, under which, amongst other things, the 
Issuer grants certain Security Interests over the Transaction Documents in favour of the Trustee 
for itself and as trustee for and on behalf of the Secured Creditors in respect of that Series, 
including, without limitation, an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s contractual rights 
under the Custody Agreement relating to that Series of Certificates, provided that there shall be 
excluded from the security created by the Security Deed any of the Issuer's proprietary interest in 
and to Underlying Cryptoassets themselves, including but not limited to any proprietary interest in 
and to the Underlying Cryptoassets held on trust by the Custodian for the Issuer under the terms 
of the Custody Agreement; 
 
1.4.3 
the Custody Agreement under which, amongst other things, the Custodian is appointed by the 
Issuer to carry out certain custody services in connection with the Underlying Cryptoassets; 
 
1.4.4 
the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the ICSD Paying Agent 
is appointed by the Issuer as a paying agent in respect of the Certificates for so long as they are 
represented by a Global Certificate which is registered in the name of a nominee for, and deposited 
with, the common depositary for a Clearing System; 
 
1.4.5 
one or more Authorised Participant Agreements under which, amongst other things, the 
Authorised Participants are appointed by the Issuer as authorised participants in respect of the 
Certificates; 
 
1.4.6 
the Administration Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Administrator is appointed

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
by the Issuer to carry out certain calculations and determinations in respect of the Certificates and 
the Registrar is appointed to carry out certain registration and transfer agency services; 
 
1.4.7 
the Execution Agency Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Execution Agent will 
perform services in relation to the sale of Underlying Cryptoassets of each Series to realise cash 
proceeds relating to the Combined Fees (as defined below) and in circumstances where the cash 
redemption of Certificates is required or permitted; 
 
1.4.8 
the Settlement Services Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Certificates 
Settlement Agent is appointed by the Issuer to carry out certain settlement services in connection 
with subscriptions and redemptions of the Certificates; 
 
1.4.9 
the Advisory Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Issuer Adviser is appointed by 
the Issuer to provide advice in certain circumstances in respect of the Certificates; 
 
1.4.10 
the Account Bank Agreement, under which, amongst other things, the Account Bank shall be 
instructed to establish and maintain an Issuer Cash Account per Series of Certificates; and 
 
1.4.11 
the Fees and Expenses Agreement, under which, amongst other things, arrangements are put in 
place in relation to the fees and expenses of the Issuer in connection with the Programme and the 
Certificates. 
 
1.5 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Documents, the ICSD Paying 
Agency Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreements, the Custody Agreement, the 
Administration Agreement, the Advisory Agreement, the Execution Agency Agreement, the 
Settlement Services Agreement and the Account Bank Agreement and are subject to their detailed 
provisions. The Certificateholders are bound by the terms of the Trust Documents, and are deemed 
to have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Documents, the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement, 
the Authorised Participant Agreements, the Custody Agreement, the Administration Agreement, 
the Advisory Agreement, the Execution Agency Agreement, the Settlement Services Agreement 
and the Account Bank Agreement. 
 
1.6 
Copies of the Trust Documents are available for inspection by Certificateholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of the Registrar and each of the Paying Agents (the 
Specified Offices of which are set out below) and the office for the time being of the Issuer Adviser 
(being at the date hereof Perpetual Park, Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-On-Thames, England, RG9 
1HH, United Kingdom). 
 
1.7 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Certificates" are, unless otherwise stated, to 
the Tranche of Certificates which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and subsequent 
references in these Conditions to "Certificateholders" or "holders of the Certificates" are, unless 
otherwise stated, to the "Certificateholders" or the "holders of the Certificates" which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies 
may be obtained from, in each case during normal business hours, the registered office for the 
time being of the Issuer (being at the date hereof 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG) the 
Specified Offices of the Registrar and each of the Paying Agents (the Specified Offices of which 
are set out below) and the office for the time being of the Issuer Adviser (being at the date hereof 
Perpetual Park, Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-On-Thames, England, RG9 1HH, United Kingdom).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
2. 
Definitions 
 
2.1 
In these Conditions the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
 
"Account Bank" means The Northern Trust International Banking Corporation in its capacity as 
account bank in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, or any successor or 
additional account bank appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates; 
 
"Account Bank Agreement" means the Account Opening Agreement and the Multi-Party Account 
Agreement; 
 
"Account Opening Agreement" means the agreement so named pursuant to which the Issuer 
Cash Accounts are being opened by the Account Bank on behalf of the Issuer; 
 
"Administration Agreement" means the agreement so named to be dated on or prior to the date 
of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the Administrator and the 
Trustee; 
 
"Administrator" means Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) 
Limited in its capacity as administrator in accordance with the terms of the Administration 
Agreement, or any successor or additional administrator appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Certificates; 
 
"Advisory Agreement" means the agreement so named dated to be dated on or prior to the date 
of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the Trustee and Issuer 
Adviser; 
 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person which is a company or corporation, a Subsidiary of that 
person or a Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company; 
 
"Authorised Participants" means each entity appointed as an authorised participant under the 
Programme or any other person or persons identified as such in the relevant Final Terms and being 
a person who: 
 
(a) 
is a securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute 
discretion); 
 
(b) 
is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person, and is supervised 
by a financial supervisory authority, including for money laundering purposes, in a 
member state of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Jersey, Canada, 
Australia, Singapore, New Zealand, Japan, Switzerland, Hong Kong (SAR) or any 
member country of the OECD; and 
 
(c) 
is not a UCITS Fund;; 
 
"Authorised Participant Agreements" means the agreements so named to be dated on or prior 
to the date of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the Issuer Adviser 
and the authorised participants named therein, and any other agreements so named between the 
Issuer, the Issuer Adviser and the Authorised Participant named therein and entered into in relation 
to the Programme; 
 
"Authorised Person" means a person authorised by the FCA for the purposes of FSMA; 
 
"Business Day" means, in respect of a Series of Certificates, each day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks are generally open for business in London; 
 
"Cash Amount" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate where Cash Settlement 
applies, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Administrator equal to the relevant

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Per Certificate Sale Proceeds for that Certificate, provided that the Cash Amount shall not be less 
than the Minimum Principal Amount; 
 
"Cash Settlement" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, settlement by payment of 
the relevant Cash Amount in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation) and Condition 9 (Payments); 
 
"Certificateholder" and "holder of Certificates" means each person who is for the time being a 
holder of the Certificates (being each person who is for the time being shown in the Register as 
the holder of a particular number of Certificates or, in the case of a joint holding, the person first 
named in the Register) save that, in respect of the Certificates of any Series, for so long as such 
Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate deposited with a common depositary for, and 
registered in the nominee name of, a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a particular number of the Certificates shall be deemed to be the holder of such number of 
Certificates (and the registered holder of such Global Certificate shall be deemed not to be the 
holder) for all purposes other than with respect to (a) the payment of principal, premium (if any) or 
interest (if any) and (b) the Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders; 
 
"Certificateholder Optional Redemption" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Redemption 
prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders); 
 
"Certificates Settlement Agent" means The Northern Trust Company in its capacity as certificates 
settlement agent in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Services Agreement, or any 
successor or additional certificates settlement agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Certificates; 
 
"Clearing System" means each ICSD and any other clearing system through which interests in 
the Certificates are held or are proposed to be held; 
 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which the relevant Clearing System is open 
for the purpose of effective settlement of Certificates of a relevant Series; 
 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
 
"Combined Fees" means, on any Combined Fees Calculation Date, an amount of Underlying 
Cryptoasset (rounded to the Rounding Amount), as determined by the Administrator equal to the 
aggregate of the Daily Fee Accrual for the Combined Fees Calculation Period; 
 
"Combined Fees Calculation Date" means each Business Day selected as such by the Issuer 
(taking into account any recommendation by the Issuer Adviser) and with notification to the Trustee, 
provided that the last Combined Fees Calculation Date shall be the earlier to occur of (a) the date 
of the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the Trustee and (b) the Valuation Date in respect of a 
redemption of the Certificates in whole in accordance with the Conditions; 
 
"Combined Fees Calculation Period" means, in respect of any Combined Fees Calculation Date, 
the period from and including the immediately preceding Combined Fees Calculation Date or, in 
respect of the first Combined Fees Calculation Date to occur after the Initial Issue Date, the Initial 
Issue Date, to and excluding such Combined Fees Calculation Date; 
 
"Conditions" means, in relation to the Certificates, these terms and conditions of the Certificates, 
as may from time to time be completed by the Final Terms and any reference to a particular 
numbered Condition shall be construed accordingly; 
 
"Custodian" means Zodia Custody Limited in its capacity as custodian in accordance with the 
terms of the Custody Agreement, or any successor or additional custodian appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Certificates;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
"Custody Agreement" means the agreement so named to be dated on or prior to the date of the 
issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer and the Custodian; 
 
"Cut-Off Time" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate: 
 
(a) 
if Cash Settlement applies, 12 p.m. (London time); or 
 
(b) 
if Physical Settlement applies, 4.30 p.m. (London time); 
 
"Daily Fee Accrual" means, on each Business Day an amount of cryptocurrency (rounded to the 
Rounding Amount) as determined by the Administrator equal to the amount of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets by which the Per Certificate Entitlement to such Underlying Cryptoassets has 
reduced since the immediately preceding Business Day multiplied by the number of Certificates 
outstanding in the Series as at such Business Day; 
 
"Delivery Amount" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate where Physical Settlement 
applies, an amount of the Underlying Cryptoassets determined by the Administrator equal to: 
 
(a) 
the aggregate Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Cryptoasset as at the relevant 
Valuation Date; less 
 
(b) 
an amount of the Underlying Cryptoasset equal in value (as determined by the 
Administrator by reference to prevailing market conditions) to all expenses, fees and 
charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in connection with such redemption (to the extent not covered by the relevant 
proportion of any applicable Redemption Notice Fee), 
 
rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of the Rounding Amount; 
 
"Digital Wallet" means the digital wallet of a Certificateholder held by a custodian in the name of 
the Certificateholder and which is used to receive or send the Specified Cryptocurrency. 
 
"Eligible Redemption Valuation Date" means each Business Day; 
 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Trustee to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) which declares the Certificates of a Series to be immediately due 
and payable; 
 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
 
"Event of Default" means any one of the events specified in Condition 11 (Events of Default); 
 
"Execution Agency Agreement" means the agreement so named to be dated on or prior to the 
date of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Execution Agent; 
 
"Exempt Person" means a person who, in entering into and performing its obligations under an 
Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business comprising a regulated 
activity in relation to which it is exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person as a result of a 
provision of FSMA or associated secondary legislation; 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders by a majority of not less than 
three quarters of the votes cast; 
 
"FCA" means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
"Fees and Expenses Agreement" means the agreement so named to be dated on or prior to the 
date of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Issuer Adviser; 
 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Trustee notifies the Issuer and the Secured 
Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other moneys and other 
liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged in full; 
 
"Final Maturity Date" means the final maturity date specified in the Final Terms; 
 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) of the United Kingdom; 
 
"Holding Company" means in relation to a company or corporation, any other company or 
corporation in respect of which it is a Subsidiary; 
 
"ICSD" means each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
 
"ICSD Paying Agency Agreement" means the agreement to be dated on or prior to the date of 
the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the ICSD Paying Agent and 
the Trustee; 
 
"ICSD Paying Agent" means Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as paying agent in accordance 
with the terms of the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement, or any successor or additional paying agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates; 
 
"Initial Issue Date" means the Issue Date in respect of the first Tranche of the Certificates if issued 
in more than one Tranche to be issued under the Programme; 
 
"Initial Per Certificate Entitlement" means the initial per certificate entitlement with respect to the 
Underlying Cryptoassets, as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
"Initial Tranche" means, in respect of a particular Series of Certificates, the first Tranche of 
Certificates of that Series to be issued under the Programme; 
 
"Insolvency Event" in respect of a company means: 
 
(a) 
such company is unable or admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due (after taking 
into account any grace period or permitted deferral), or suspends making payments on 
any of its debts; or 
 
(b) 
the value of the assets of such company is less than the amount of its liabilities, taking 
into account its contingent and prospective liabilities; or 
 
(c) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of such company; or 
 
(d) 
the commencement of negotiations with one or more creditors of such company with a 
view to rescheduling any indebtedness of such company other than in connection with 
any refinancing in the ordinary course of business; or 
 
(e) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 
 
(i) 
the appointment of an Insolvency Official in relation to such company or in 
relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of such company, 
including in respect of Jersey company in relation to an application for a 
declaration of desastre in respect of such company's assets; or 
 
(ii) 
an encumbrancer (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
Receiver) taking possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
of such company; or 
 
(iii) 
the making of an arrangement, composition, or compromise (whether by way of 
voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditor 
of such company, a reorganisation of such company, a conveyance to or 
assignment for the creditors of such company generally or the making of an 
application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection from the creditors 
of such company generally other than in connection with any refinancing in the 
ordinary course of business; or 
 
(iv) 
any distress, execution, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or 
imposed upon or against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of 
such company (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, by the Trustee or any 
Receiver); or 
 
(v) 
the winding-up, liquidation, examinership or discontinuance of the Issuer; or 
 
(f) 
in respect of a company that is a Jersey company, it becomes “bankrupt” as such term is 
defined in Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954; or 
 
(g) 
any procedure or step is taken, or any event occurs, analogous to those set out in  (a) to 
(e) above, in any jurisdiction including, without limitation, in connection with any of the 
events referred to in Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954; 
 
"Insolvency Official" means, in relation to a company, a liquidator, (except, in the case of the 
Issuer, a liquidator appointed for the purpose of a solvent merger, reorganisation or amalgamation 
the terms of which have previously been approved either in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders) provisional liquidator, examiner, administrator, 
administrative receiver, receiver, receiver or manager, compulsory or interim manager, nominee, 
supervisor, trustee, conservator, guardian or other similar officer (including, in Jersey, the Viscount 
of the Royal Court of Jersey) in respect of such company or in respect of any arrangement, 
compromise or composition with any creditors or any equivalent or analogous officer under the law 
of any jurisdiction; 
 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Issuer Cash Account" means, in respect of a Series of Certificates, the cash account being 
maintained by the Account Bank for the Issuer in respect of such Series of Certificates under the 
terms of the Account Bank Agreement; 
 
"Issuer Covenants" means the covenants of the Issuer set out in the Trust Deed; 
 
"Issuer Jurisdiction" means Jersey or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer or any Issuer 
substitute (as contemplated by Condition 18 (Substitution of Issuer)) is incorporated and/or subject 
to taxation; 
 
"Liabilities" means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, expenses, 
actions, proceedings, claims, demands, awards, judgments or other liabilities whatsoever including 
(without limitation legal costs and expenses) and any Taxes and penalties incurred by that person, 
together with any VAT charged or chargeable, or otherwise incurred by that person, in respect of 
any of the sums referred to in this definition; 
 
"Mandatory Redemption" means a redemption of all Certificates of a Series pursuant to Condition 
7.10 (Mandatory Redemption);

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in the determination of the Issuer Adviser, any of the following: 
 
(a) 
(A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the relevant Reference Price (or 
the information necessary for determining such Reference Price) or (B) the temporary or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source ("Price Source 
Disruption"); 
 
(b) 
the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the Underlying 
Cryptoassets to which the Certificates are linked on the relevant exchange or principal 
trading market which is material in relation to the Certificates ("Trading Disruption"); or 
 
(c) 
(A) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the Underlying Cryptoassets to which the 
Certificates are linked or (B) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the relevant Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the Price 
Source or the status of trading in such Underlying Cryptoassets ("Disappearance of 
Reference Price"); 
 
"Maximum Issue Size" means, in relation to each Series, the number of Certificates specified in 
the Final Terms for that Series; 
 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Certificateholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
 
"Minimum Principal Amount" means, in respect of each Certificate denominated in US dollars, 
US$0.01 or, in the case of Certificates denominated in a Specified Currency other than US dollars, 
the lowest amount of the relevant currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency; 
 
"Minimum Trading Amount" means the minimum number of Certificates that may be traded in a 
single transaction as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
"Multi-Party Account Agreement" means the agreement so named in relation to the Issuer Cash 
Account to be dated on or prior to the date of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates 
between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Account Bank pursuant to which the Trustee is granted 
certain control rights in relation to the Issuer Cash Account; 
 
"Net Proceeds" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption); 
"Notices Condition" means Condition 20 (Notices); 
"Obligations" means all of the obligations of the Issuer created by or arising under the Certificates 
and the Transaction Documents; 
 
"Original Settlement Date" has the meaning given in Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Certificates, all the Certificates other than: 
(a) 
those which have been redeemed in full and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions; 
 
(b) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions, has occurred and for which the redemption monies have been duly paid to 
the Trustee or the ICSD Paying Agent in the manner provided for in the ICSD Paying 
Agency Agreement (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with the Notices Condition) and remain available for 
payment in accordance with the Conditions; 
 
(c) 
those which have been purchased and surrendered for cancellation as provided in

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) and notice of the cancellation of 
which has been given to the Trustee; 
 
(d) 
those in respect of which the Issuer has assigned to the relevant Certificateholder the 
Issuer's claim and all related rights in respect of the relevant amount of the Underlying 
Cryptoassets in accordance with Condition 7.8 (Failure to sell Underlying Cryptoassets); 
 
(e) 
for the purposes of calculating any Daily Fee Accrual only (and for no other purpose), 
those which are the subject of redemption in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) and in respect of which the relevant Valuation Date has 
occurred; or 
 
(f) 
those which have become void under Condition 16 (Prescription); 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(i) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Certificateholders; 
 
(ii) 
the determination of how many and which Certificates are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of Clause 9 (Waiver), Clause 10 (Modifications), 
Clause 14 (Proceedings and Actions by the Trustee), Clause 23 (Appointment 
of Trustees) and Clause 24 (Notice of a New Trustee) of the Trust Deed and 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), Condition 12 (Enforcement) and Condition 14 
(Meetings of Certificateholders) and the Provisions for Meetings of 
Certificateholders; and 
 
(iii) 
any discretion, power or authority, whether contained in the Trust Deed or 
provided by law, which the Trustee is required to exercise in or by reference to 
the interests of the Certificateholders or any of them, 
 
those Certificates (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the 
Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
 
"Overseas Person" means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in section 
19 of FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United Kingdom and whose head 
office is situated outside the United Kingdom; 
 
"Paying Agents" means the ICSD Paying Agent together with any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates; 
 
"Payment Day" has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 (Payments on Payment Days); 
 
"Payments Priorities" means, in relation to the Certificates, the provisions relating to the order of 
priority of payments following the delivery of an Enforcement Notice in relation to the Certificates 
by the Trustee or in connection with a Mandatory Redemption, set out in the Trust Deed and as 
described in Condition 5 (Security and Payments Priorities); 
 
"Per Certificate Entitlement" means the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement specified in the Final 
Terms to the Underlying Cryptoassets which is thereafter reduced by the Reduction Percentage; 
 
"Per Certificate Sale Proceeds" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, the amount 
of the relevant Sale Proceeds referable to one Certificate; 
 
"Physical Settlement" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate to which Physical 
Settlement applies, settlement by the transfer of the relevant amount of the Underlying 
Cryptoasset, in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation); 
 
"Record Date" means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
payment; 
 
"Issuer Adviser" means Invesco Asset Management Limited in its capacity as Issuer Adviser in 
accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement, or any successor or additional Issuer 
Adviser appointed from time to time in connection with the Certificates; 
 
"Potential Event of Default" means any event which may become (with the passage of time, the 
giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination thereof) an Event of Default; 
 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an exchange or 
principal trading market) containing (or reporting) the Reference Price (or process from which the 
Reference Price is calculated) as specified in the definition of Reference Price herein; 
 
"Programme Limit" means 1,000,000,000 in aggregate of all Certificates of any and all Series 
outstanding from time to time, provided that the Issuer may increase such limit from time to time 
(subject to compliance with the relevant Transaction Documents); 
 
"Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders" means the provisions contained in Schedule 2 
to the Trust Deed; 
 
"Receiver" means any receiver, manager, receiver or manager or administrative receiver 
appointed in respect of the Issuer by the Trustee in accordance with the Security Deed; 
 
"Redemption Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Redemption prior to the Final 
Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders); 
 
"Redemption Notice Fee" means, in respect of any Certificateholder Optional Redemption, a fee 
of up to US$500; the applicable level of such fee in respect of any Business Day will be confirmed 
by the Administrator on request; 
 
"Reduction Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms by which the Initial 
Per Certificate Entitlement will reduce on a daily basis on the assumption that the daily rate will be 
the per annum rate divided by 365 and applied accordingly, provided that the Reduction 
Percentage may be lowered by the Issuer at any time, in which case and the Issuer shall notify the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 20; 
 
"Reference Price" means, on any day, The CoinShares Bitcoin Hourly Reference Rate at or about 
4 p.m. London time on such day, stated in US dollars, as calculated and administered by Compass 
Financial Technologies (France) or any successor benchmark administrator, and published on any 
of the Compass Financial Technologies website ( www.compass-ft.com) or the CoinShares' 
website ( www.coinshares.com/index-strategies) or on any successor or replacement price source, 
or such other reference price based on such price source as the Issuer Advisor may select as a 
replacement if the Issuer Adviser determines in its discretion that the Reference Price is no longer 
representative of the value of the Certificates, provided, however, that if the Issuer Adviser 
becomes aware that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such day, the Issuer 
Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Administrator and the Reference Price shall be the price 
determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Issuer Adviser taking into consideration the latest 
available Reference Price as of a date on which no Market Disruption Event existed and any other 
information which the Execution Agent (in consultation with the Issuer Adviser if necessary) deems 
relevant; 
 
"Register" has the meaning given in Condition 3 (Form, Title and Transfer); 
 
"Registrar" means Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) Limited as 
registrar in respect of all Global Certificates representing the Certificates of each Series or such 
other person as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time as registrar in respect of the 
Certificates;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment in relation to any Certificate, whichever is the 
later of: 
 
(a) 
the date on which the payment in question first becomes due; and 
 
(b) 
if the full amount payable has not been received by the ICSD Paying Agent or the Trustee 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Certificateholders in accordance with the 
Notices Condition; 
 
"Relevant Parties" means the Trustee, the other Transaction Parties, the competent authority or 
stock exchange on which the Certificates are listed, if any (if required by such competent authority 
or stock exchange) and, in accordance with the Notices Condition, the Certificateholders; 
 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment or delivery in respect of the Certificates, to reduce 
the amounts due on any date in respect of the Certificates or to alter the method of 
calculating the amounts due in respect of the Certificates on redemption or maturity; 
 
(b) 
(except in accordance with Condition 18 (Substitution of Issuer) and the Trust Deed) to 
effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Certificates for, or the conversion of 
such Certificates into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any 
other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Certificates are payable; 
 
(d) 
to alter the Payments Priorities in respect of the Certificates; 
 
(e) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
 
(f) 
to amend this definition; 
 
"Rounding Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; 
 
"Sale Date" means, in respect of a redemption of any Certificate, the relevant Valuation Date, 
subject to Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
 
"Sale Proceeds" means, if Cash Settlement applies to the Certificates, an amount in US dollars 
determined by the Administrator equal to: 
 
(a) 
the proceeds actually received by the Issuer (through a sale effected by the Execution 
Agent or any other agent on behalf of the Issuer) and credited to the Issuer Cash Account 
in respect of the sale of the relevant amount of the Underlying Cryptoassets in connection 
with such redemption, as described in Condition 7.5 (Cash Settlement payment 
obligation); less 
 
(b) 
all expenses, fees and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale or redemption (to the 
extent not covered by any applicable Redemption Notice Fee); 
 
"Secured Creditors" means, in respect of the Certificates of each Series, the Trustee in its own 
capacity and as trustee on behalf of those persons listed as entitled to payment in the Payments 
Priorities; 
 
"Secured Obligations" means, in respect of the Certificates of each Series, all monies, debts and 
liabilities which are or have been or may become due, owing or incurred, actually or contingently,

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors in relation to the Certificates of such Series; 
 
"Secured Property" means, in respect of the Certificates of each Series, all the property of the 
Issuer which is subject to the Security relating to that Series, as described in Condition 5 (Security 
and Payments Priorities); 
 
"Security" means, in relation to the Certificates of each Series, the security granted pursuant to 
the Trust Deed and the Security Documents for that Series in favour of the Trustee for itself and 
on behalf of the other Secured Creditors and any additional security granted by the Issuer to the 
Trustee over any asset from time to time pursuant to Condition 5 (Security and Payments 
Priorities); 
 
"Security Deed" means in respect of any other Series, the deed so named dated on or prior to the 
issue of the first Tranche of such Series between the Issuer and the Trustee; 
 
"Security Documents" means, in relation to a Series of Certificates, the Security Deed in relation 
to that Series of Certificates and the Multi-Party Account Agreement; 
 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
 
"Settlement Date" means: 
 
(a) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Final 
Redemption), the Final Maturity Date; 
 
(b) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.2 
(Redemption Prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders), on or 
before the 3rd Business Day following the relevant Eligible Redemption Valuation Date, 
such Settlement Date to be designated as such at the discretion of the Issuer or the 
Administrator on behalf of the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Optional 
Redemption in whole), on or before the 3rd Business Day following the relevant Eligible 
Redemption Valuation Date, such Settlement Date to be designated as such at the 
discretion of the Issuer or the Administrator on behalf of the Issuer, 
 
in each case subject to Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
 
"Settlement Disruption Event" has the meaning given in Condition 7.7 (Settlement Disruption); 
 
"Settlement Services Agreement" means the agreement so named to be dated on or prior to the 
date of the issuance of the first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer and the Certificates 
Settlement Agent; 
 
"Specified Currency" means USD or such other currency specified in the Final Terms for such 
Series; 
 
"Specified Cryptocurrency" means the cryptocurrency specified in the Final Terms for such 
Series; 
 
"Specified Office" means, in relation to any Paying Agent, the Administrator or the Registrar, the 
office specified in Condition 17.5 or such other office as it may specify in accordance with the 
provisions of the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement or the Administration Agreement (as applicable); 
 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any company, corporation, a company or corporation: 
 
(b) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
or 
 
(c) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, 
by the first mentioned company or corporation, 
 
and, for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if 
that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its 
board of directors or equivalent body; 
 
"Substituted Obligor" means a single purpose company incorporated in any jurisdiction; 
 
"Successor Trustee" means an entity appointed in accordance with the Trust Deed to act as 
successor trustee; 
 
"Tax" shall be construed so as to include: 
 
(a) 
any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding of any 
nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure 
to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Authority; and 
 
(b) 
unless specified otherwise, VAT or amounts which represent or are otherwise in respect 
of VAT, 
 
and "Taxes", "taxation", "taxable" and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
 
"Tax Authority" means any government, state or municipality or any local, state, federal or other 
authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function; 
 
"Tax Deduction" means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax; 
 
"Transaction Documents" means the Trust Deed, the Security Documents relating to the Series 
of which the Certificates form part, the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement, the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Account Bank Agreement, the Administration Agreement, 
the Advisory Agreement, the Fees and Expenses Agreement, , the Execution Agency Agreement, 
the Settlement Services Agreement and any other document entered into by the Issuer with any 
additional agent in respect of the Certificates or with any service provider or third party in respect 
of the Certificates (irrespective of whether such service provider or third party is providing services 
to the Issuer or not); 
 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document and 
"Transaction Parties" means some or all of them; 
 
"Trust Deed" means the deed so named to be dated on or prior to the date of the issuance of the 
first Tranche of Certificates between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuer Adviser; 
 
"Trust Documents" means the Trust Deed and the Security Documents relating to the Series of 
which the Certificates form part and (unless the context requires otherwise) includes any deed or 
other document executed in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed or (as applicable) 
the Security Documents and expressed to be supplemental to the Trust Deed or the Security 
Documents (as applicable); 
 
"Trustee" means Intertrust Trust Corporation Limited in its capacity as trustee under the Trust 
Deed; 
 
"UCITS Fund" means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS 
directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking for collective

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
investment in transferable securities subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme; 
 
"Underlying Cryptoasset" means, in respect of the Certificates of each Series, the Specified 
Cryptocurrency deposited with the Custodian in connection with the Certificates of that Series from 
time to time; 
 
"US dollars", "USD" and "US$" each mean the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Final 
Redemption), the 3rd Business Day prior to the Final Maturity Date; 
 
(b) 
in respect of a redemption of any Certificate in accordance with Condition 7.2 
(Redemption prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders), the 
Eligible Redemption Valuation Date on which such Certificate and the relevant 
Redemption Notice are delivered or deemed to have been delivered in accordance with 
that Condition; 
 
(c) 
in respect of a redemption of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Optional 
Redemption in whole), the Eligible Redemption Valuation Date specified by the Issuer in 
the relevant notice to Certificateholders; and 
 
(d) 
in respect of a redemption of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 7.10 
(Mandatory Redemption), the Eligible Redemption Valuation Date specified by the Issuer 
in the relevant notice to Certificateholders; 
 
"VAT" means: 
 
(a) 
any tax imposed in compliance with the council directive of 28 November 2006 on the 
common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) (including, in relation to (i) 
the United Kingdom, value added tax imposed by VATA and legislation and regulations 
supplemental thereto; (ii) Ireland, the Irish Value Added Tax Consolidation Act 2010 and 
legislation and regulations supplemental thereto); and (iii) Jersey, any goods and services 
tax as provided for under the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007; and 
 
(b) 
any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in the United Kingdom, Jersey, a 
member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax 
referred to in (a) or elsewhere; 
 
"VATA" means the Value Added Tax Act 1994; and 
 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all holders of the 
Certificates for the time being outstanding who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
Meeting in accordance with the Provisions for the Meetings of Certificateholders, whether 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more such holders of the Certificates. 
 
2.2 
Interpretation: Any reference in the Conditions to: 
 
(a) 
"continuing", in respect of an Event of Default, shall be construed as a reference to an 
Event of Default which has not been waived in accordance with the terms of the 
Conditions or, as the case may be, the relevant Transaction Document; 
 
(b) 
"including" shall be construed as a reference to "including without limitation", so that any 
list of items or matters appearing after the word "including" shall be deemed not to be an 
exhaustive list, but shall be deemed rather to be a representative list, of those items or 
matters forming a part of the category described prior to the word "including";

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
(c) 
"indebtedness" shall be construed so as to include any obligation (whether incurred as 
principal or as surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or future, 
actual or contingent; 
 
(d) 
a "law" shall be construed as any law (including common or customary law), statute, 
constitution, decree, judgement, treaty, regulation, directive, bye-law, order or any other 
legislative measure of any government, supranational, local government, statutory or 
regulatory body or court; 
 
(e) 
a "person" shall be construed as a reference to any person, firm, company, corporation, 
government, state or agency of a state or any association or partnership (whether or not 
having separate legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing; 
 
(f) 
"redeem" and "pay" shall each include both of the others and "redeemed", "redeemable" 
and "redemption" and "paid", "payable" and "payment" shall be construed accordingly; 
 
(g) 
a reference to any person defined as a "Transaction Party" in the Conditions shall be 
construed so as to include its and any subsequent successors and permitted transferees 
in accordance with their respective interests; and 
 
(h) 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation 
or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have 
been transferred. 
 
2.3 
Transaction Documents and other agreements: Any reference to any document defined as a 
Transaction Document or any other agreement or document shall be construed as a reference to 
such Transaction Document or, as the case may be, such other agreement or document as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, varied, novated, supplemented or 
replaced. 
 
2.4 
Statutes and Treaties: Any reference to a statute or treaty shall be construed as a reference to 
such statute or treaty as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or, in 
the case of a statute, re-enacted. 
 
2.5 
Schedules: Any Schedule of, or Appendix to a Transaction Document forms part of such 
Transaction Document and shall have the same force and effect as if the provisions of such 
Schedule or Appendix were set out in the body of such Transaction Document. Any reference to 
a Transaction Document shall include any such Schedule or Appendix. 
 
2.6 
Headings: Condition headings are for ease of reference only. 
 
2.7 
Sections: Except as otherwise specified in the Condition, reference in the Conditions to: 
 
2.7.1 
a "Section" or "Clause" in relation to any Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference 
to a Section or Clause of such Transaction Document; 
 
2.7.2 
a "Part" shall be construed as a reference to a Part of such Transaction Document; 
 
2.7.3 
a "Schedule" shall be construed as a reference to a Schedule of such Transaction Document; and 
 
2.7.4 
a "Paragraph" shall be construed as a reference to a Paragraph of a Schedule of such Transaction 
Document. 
 
2.8 
Number: In these Conditions and any Transaction Document, save where the context otherwise 
requires, words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
3. 
Form, Title and Transfer 
 
3.1 
Form: The Certificates of each Series issued under the Programme will be issued in registered 
form and will be represented by a global certificate in registered form (“Global Certificate”). 
 
3.2 
Title: 
 
Title to the Global Certificates shall pass by and upon registration in the register (the "Global 
Certificate Register") which in relation to Global Certificates the Issuer shall procure to be kept by 
the Registrar. The registered holder of a Global Certificate may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) be deemed and treated at all times, by all persons and for all purposes (including 
the making of any payments), as the absolute owner of such Global Certificate regardless of any 
notice of ownership, theft or loss or any trust or other interest therein or of any writing thereon 
(other than the endorsed form of transfer). Individual definitive certificates (“Individual 
Certificates”) will only be issued in the limited circumstances set out in Clause 6 (Form of 
Certificates) of the Trust Deed. The Issuer will procure that a register is maintained in respect of 
Individual Certificates, if issued (the "Individual Certificate Register", and references to the 
"Register" shall be to the Global Certificate Register or the Individual Certificate Register, as 
applicable). 
 
3.2.1 
For so long as Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate deposited with a common 
depositary for, and registered in the name of, a common nominee of, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a particular number of the Certificates shall be deemed to be the holder of such number of 
Certificates (and the registered holder of such Global Certificate shall be deemed not to be the 
holder) for all purposes other than with respect to (a) the payment of principal, premium (if any) or 
interest (if any) and (b) the Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders; 
 
3.3 
Transfer: Title to Individual Certificates shall only pass by and upon registration of the transfer in 
the Individual Certificate Register, which the Issuer shall procure to be kept in accordance with 
Clause 7.2 (Register in Respect of Registered Certificates) of the Trust Deed. 
 
3.4 
The number of Certificates which may be transferred by a Certificateholder in a single transaction 
must be equal to the Minimum Trading Amount and any integral multiple thereof. 
 
3.5 
No provisions of these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms shall (notwithstanding 
anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent 
with the holding of title to Certificates in the form of the Global Certificate through a Clearing 
System. 
 
3.6 
Closed Periods: No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate to be registered 
during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
 
4. 
Status and Ranking 
 
4.1 
Status: The Certificates of each Series constitute secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer, secured in the manner described in Condition 5 (Security and Payments Priorities) and 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 13 (Limited Recourse, 
Proceedings, Non-Petition, Remedies). 
 
4.2 
Ranking: The Certificates of each Series will at all times rank without preference or priority pari 
passu amongst themselves. 
 
4.3 
Sole Obligations: The Certificates of each Series are obligations solely of the Issuer and are not 
obligations of, or guaranteed by, any of the other Transaction Parties.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
5. 
Security and Payments Priorities 
 
5.1 
Security: The Certificates of each Series are secured by the Security for that Series. 
 
5.1.1 
In the Security Deed for each Series, the Issuer with full title guarantee and as continuing security 
for the Secured Obligations creates in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured 
Creditors the following Security Interests: 
 
(a) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the Issuer Cash 
Account; 
 
(b) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to each of 
the Transaction Documents to the extent they relate to the Certificates of that Series and 
any sums payable thereunder including the Issuer's rights to any sums held by any other 
party thereto to meet payments due in respect of the Certificates of that Series, but only 
to the extent the same relates to the Certificates of that Series; 
 
(c) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to paragraph (b) above) a first 
fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest present and future in and to 
the assets listed in paragraph (b) above; and 
 
(d) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to paragraph (b) above or 
charged by way of fixed charge pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (c) above) a first floating 
charge over all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the assets 
listed at paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above (as applicable). 
 
5.2 
There shall be excluded from the Security created by the Security Trust Deed any of the Issuer's 
proprietary interest in and to Underlying Cryptoassets themselves, including but not limited to any 
proprietary interest in and to the Underlying Cryptoassets held on trust by the Custodian for the 
Issuer under the terms of the Custody Agreement. Certificateholders will have no proprietary or 
other interest in the Underlying Cryptoassets. 
 
5.3 
The Custodian will hold the Underlying Cryptoassets on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the 
Custody Agreement and subject to the Security Interests referred to above. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to change the Custodian or to appoint one or more additional Custodians 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. Notice of such change shall 
be given to the Certificateholders in accordance with the Notices Condition. 
 
5.4 
Payments Priorities: Following the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the Trustee or in 
connection with a Mandatory Redemption in connection with the Certificates of a Series, all monies 
received by or on behalf of the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with the 
Certificates of that Series shall be applied in the manner specified in the Trust Deed, which shall 
be, to the extent such amounts relate to the Certificates of that Series: 
 
5.4.1 
first, in payment or satisfaction of any Taxes and statutory fees which the Issuer is liable or will be 
liable to pay to any Tax Authority; 
 
5.4.2 
second, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and Liabilities properly 
incurred by and any indemnity payments owed by the Issuer to the Trustee or any Receiver in 
preparing and executing the trusts created by the Trust Documents applicable to that Series 
(including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT, the costs of realising any 
Security in relation to that Series and the Trustee's remuneration); 
 
5.4.3 
third, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts in respect of that Series due 
and unpaid (including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to 
the Registrar, the Custodian, the Administrator, the Account Bank, the Execution Agent, the ICSD 
Paying Agent, any other Paying Agents and the Certificates Settlement Agent in respect of the 
Certificates;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
5.4.4 
fourth, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts due and unpaid in respect of that Series (including 
any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to the Issuer Adviser in 
respect of the Certificates; 
 
5.4.5 
fifth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid (if any) 
in respect of the Certificates in respect of that Series to the Certificateholders of that Series; 
 
5.4.6 
sixth, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all other amounts due and unpaid 
(including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT) by the Issuer to any other 
Transaction Party in respect of the Certificates of that Series; and 
 
5.4.7 
seventh, in payment of any balance to the Issuer. 
 
5.5 
Enforceability: The Security in respect of a Series will become enforceable upon the delivery by 
the Trustee of an Enforcement Notice in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) and 
subject to the matters referred to in Condition 12 (Enforcement). 
 
6. 
Issuer Covenants 
 
The Issuer Covenants contain certain covenants in favour of the Trustee from the Issuer which, 
amongst other things, restrict the ability of the Issuer to create or incur any indebtedness (save as 
permitted in the Trust Deed), dispose of assets or change the nature of its business. So long as 
any Certificates of any Series remain outstanding, the Issuer shall comply with the Issuer 
Covenants. 
 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
 
7.1 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition, the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on the Final Maturity Date by 
payment of the relevant Cash Amount on the Settlement Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). 
 
7.2 
Redemption prior to the Final Maturity Date at the option of Certificateholders: The Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holder of any Certificate, redeem such Certificate in respect of an Eligible 
Redemption Valuation Date as follows: 
 
7.2.1 
if Physical Settlement is applicable, by transfer of the relevant Delivery Amount on the relevant 
Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 7.6 (Physical Settlement delivery obligation); or 
 
7.2.2 
if Cash Settlement is applicable, by payment of the relevant Cash Amount on the relevant 
Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Cash Settlement payment obligation) and 
Condition 9 (Payments); 
 
(each a "Certificateholder Optional Redemption"), provided however that Certificateholders 
who are Authorised Participants can only require Physical Settlement, and Certificateholders who 
are not Authorised Participants shall not be entitled to require the Issuer to redeem Certificates 
prior to the Final Maturity Date unless the Issuer has notified the Certificateholders in respect of 
any Eligible Redemption Valuation Date, or until further announcement or generally, that as a result 
of exceptional circumstances such as market disruption, absence of a market maker or other 
circumstances making it impracticable or impossible for redemptions to be made through 
Authorised Participants, redemption requests from Certificateholders which are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted, in which case Cash Settlement shall apply to such redemptions 
unless such Certificateholder specified Physical Settlement in its redemption notice and has met 
the conditions for Physical Settlement which may be specified by the Issuer from time to time. 
Certificateholder Optional Redemptions shall be suspended: (i) from the occurrence of any event 
or events which may result in a Mandatory Redemption, for as long as such Mandatory Redemption 
may still occur; or (2) from the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
for as long as such Event of Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing. 
 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 7.2, the holder of the relevant 
Certificate(s) must, before the relevant Cut-Off Time on the desired Eligible Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
 
(a) 
deliver to the Issuer such Certificates as are being redeemed by depositing them with the 
Certificates Settlement Agent (on behalf of the Issuer); 
 
(b) 
pay to the Issuer an amount in US dollars equal to the applicable Redemption Notice Fee 
as directed by the Administrator; 
 
(c) 
provide all documentation and information required for the purposes of any compliance 
and identification checks and to comply with the Issuer's operational guidelines from time 
to time; and 
 
(d) 
deliver or send by authenticated SWIFT message (confirmed in writing) or otherwise by 
electronic means made available by the Administrator from time to time, a duly completed 
redemption notice specifying, amongst other things, such holder's Digital Wallet and/or 
(for cash payments) account number (in the form obtainable from the Administrator or 
pursuant to such electronic means made available by the Advisor, a "Redemption 
Notice") to the Administrator. 
 
Any Redemption Notice and Certificate(s) delivered, and Redemption Notice Fee paid, on a day 
which is not an Eligible Redemption Valuation Date or after the relevant Cut-Off Time on any 
Eligible Redemption Valuation Date shall be deemed to have been delivered or paid (as applicable) 
on the next following Eligible Redemption Valuation Date. Any Redemption Notice, once delivered, 
is irrevocable. No Certificates, once so delivered and accompanied by a duly completed 
Redemption Notice in accordance with this Condition 7.2, may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Settlement Date, the Certificate(s) so deposited become immediately 
due and payable or if, on the relevant Settlement Date payment of the Cash Amount or delivery of 
the Delivery Amount in the manner prescribed in the Conditions is improperly withheld or refused 
by the Issuer or any of its agents, such Certificates shall, without prejudice to the exercise of the 
Certificateholder Optional Redemption, be returned to the relevant Certificateholder. 
 
7.3 
Applicability of Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement to Certificateholder Optional 
Redemption: In respect of any Certificateholder Optional Redemption, Physical Settlement will 
apply unless the Issuer has notified the Certificateholders in respect of any Eligible Redemption 
Valuation Date, or until further announcement or generally, that as a result of exceptional 
circumstances such as market disruption, absence of a market maker or other circumstances 
making it impracticable or impossible for redemptions to be made through Authorised Participants, 
redemption requests from Certificateholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted 
in which case Cash Settlement will apply to such redemptions unless such Certificateholder 
specified Physical Settlement in its redemption notice and has met the conditions for Physical 
Settlement which may be specified by the Issuer from time to time. 
 
7.4 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Redemption Notice: 
 
7.4.1 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Redemption Notice or otherwise comply with the 
requirements of Condition 7.2 shall result in such notice being treated as null and void by the Issuer 
with the consequence set out in Condition 7.4.2 below. Any determination as to whether such 
notice has been properly completed and delivered and compliance with the other requirements of 
Condition 7.2 shall be made by the Administrator and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer 
and the Certificateholder. 
 
7.4.2 
In the event that any Redemption Notice is determined to be null and void, if the relevant 
Certificateholder still wishes to elect for redemption of the relevant Certificates it must submit a 
new, duly completed, Redemption Notice in accordance with Condition 7.2 (and, for the avoidance

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
of doubt, the relevant Valuation Date in respect of such redemption will be the Eligible Redemption 
Valuation Date on which such new, duly completed, Redemption Notice is delivered or deemed 
to have been delivered in accordance with Condition 7.2) and comply with the other requirements 
of Condition 7.2 (to the extent not already complied with), provided however that if such new, duly 
completed, Redemption Notice is not received within 5 Business Days, the Certificates delivered 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7.2 shall be returned to the relevant Certificateholder. 
 
7.4.3 
The Administrator shall promptly on the Business Day following receipt of a Redemption Notice 
send a copy thereof to the Issuer and such other persons as the Issuer may specify. 
 
7.5 
Cash Settlement payment obligation: 
 
7.5.1 
In respect of a redemption of any Certificate(s) where Cash Settlement applies, on or about the 
relevant Valuation Date, the Execution Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) will arrange for the 
sale of an amount of the Underlying Cryptoassets equal to the aggregate Per Certificate 
Entitlement to the Underlying Cryptoassets (calculated as at the relevant Valuation Date) of the 
relevant Certificate(s) subject to and in accordance with the Execution Agency Agreement, 
provided, however, that neither the Issuer nor the Administrator makes any representation or 
warranty as to the price at which the relevant Underlying Cryptoassets will be sold and, therefore, 
the amount of Sale Proceeds. 
 
7.5.2 
The Issuer shall discharge its obligation to pay the Cash Amount in respect of each Certificate by 
paying such Cash Amount to the relevant Certificateholder on the relevant Settlement Date in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Payments). 
 
7.6 
Physical Settlement delivery obligation: 
 
If Physical Settlement applies, the Issuer shall discharge its obligation to deliver the Delivery 
Amount in respect of such Certificate by crediting, or procuring the credit of, the same on the 
relevant Settlement Date to the Digital Wallet of the relevant Certificateholder in the relevant 
Redemption Notice. 
 
7.7 
Settlement Disruption: 
 
7.7.1 
In respect of a redemption of any of the Certificates, if the Issuer Adviser becomes aware that a 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred or exists and which has prevented the sale of Underlying 
Underlying Cryptoassets or the delivery of a Delivery Amount on the original day that but for such 
Settlement Disruption Event would have been the Sale Date or Settlement Date (each an "Original 
Settlement Date"), then the Issuer Adviser will advise the Issuer of the same and the Sale Date or 
Settlement Date (as the case may be) will be the first succeeding day on which the relevant sale 
and/or delivery can take place unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each 
of the 10 Business Days immediately following the relevant Original Settlement Date. In that case, 
(a) if the relevant sale and/or delivery can be effected in a commercially reasonable manner, then 
the Sale Date or Settlement Date, as applicable, will be that 10th Business Day with sale and/or 
delivery being effected in such manner, and (b) if the relevant sale and/or delivery cannot be 
effected on or by that 10th Business Day in a commercially reasonable manner, then the Sale Date 
or Settlement Date, as applicable, will be postponed until the sale and/or delivery can be effected 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
7.7.2 
For the purposes hereof: 
 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, as determined by the Issuer Adviser, an event (other than 
an event contemplated in Condition 7.8 (Failure to sell Underlying Cryptoassets) below) which is 
beyond the control of the Issuer and as a result of which the Issuer (or the Administrator or any 
other agent on the Issuer's behalf) is unable to effect a relevant sale or delivery. 
 
7.8 
Failure to sell Underlying Cryptoassets: In respect of a redemption of any Certificate 
where Cash Settlement applies, if the Issuer (or the Administrator or any other agent) does not

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
receive the relevant Sale Proceeds in full in respect of the relevant Sale Date due to the 
negligence or wilful misconduct of any person, the Issuer shall (to the extent practicable) assign, 
without recourse or warranty, to the redeeming Certificateholder the Issuer's claim and all related 
rights to the portion of the Underlying Cryptoassets being sold to generate the Sale Proceeds in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Certificateholder in respect of the relevant Certificates and, upon 
such assignment, the Certificateholder shall have no such further claims against the Issuer, the 
Trustee or the Secured Property in respect of the Certificates and the non-payment by the Issuer 
of any amounts due to such Certificateholder shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay, failure or 
misconduct by any such person in connection with the receipt of the relevant Sale Proceeds by 
the Certificateholder. The Issuer shall have no obligation under this Condition 7.8 to make any 
assignment unless and until the relevant Certificateholder pays, or undertakes to pay, all of the 
costs and expenses (including any Taxes) of the Issuer or any of its agents or the Trustee in 
connection with such assignment. None of the Issuer, any of its agents, or the Trustee makes any 
representation or warranty as to the existence or quality of a claim of the Issuer and related 
rights, or as to the effectiveness or quality of any assignment thereof. 
 
7.9 
Optional Redemption in whole: The Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Certificates 
in respect of any Eligible Redemption Valuation Date in accordance with the procedure set out 
under Condition 7.6 (Physical Settlement delivery obligations) unless a holder is prevented from 
receiving the relevant Underlying Cryptoasset due to legal or regulatory reasons, in which case 
Cash Settlement shall apply in relation to such holder or unless Physical Settlement of Certificates 
would be contrary to any applicable laws or regulations which would apply to the Physical 
Settlement by the Issuer of the Certificates generally, in which case Cash Settlement shall apply 
in relation to all holders, subject to and in accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 7.5 
(Cash Settlement payment obligation) and Condition 9 (Payments), on the Issuer giving not less 
than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the other Transaction Parties, the competent authority or stock 
exchange on which the Certificates are listed, if any (if required by such competent authority or 
stock exchange) and, in accordance with the Notices Condition, the Certificateholders of its 
intention to redeem all of the Certificates specifying the relevant Eligible Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
 
7.10 
Mandatory Redemption: 
 
7.10.1 
Redemption for taxation and other reasons: If, in relation to the Certificates, the Issuer satisfies 
the Trustee that: 
 
(a) 
by virtue of a change in the Tax law of the Issuer Jurisdiction (or the application or official 
interpretation of such Tax law), in connection with any payment due in respect of the 
Certificates a Tax Deduction would be required to be made as described in Condition 10 
(Taxation); or 
 
(b) 
the cost to it of complying with its obligations under or in connection with the Transaction 
Documents or meeting its operating or administrative expenses would be materially 
increased, 
 
then, unless in the case of (a) or (b) there is a substitution of a Substituted Obligor in place of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 18 (Substitution of Issuer), the Issuer shall forthwith give notice 
thereof to the Relevant Parties. Thereupon, the procedure set out under Condition 7.6 (Physical 
Settlement delivery obligations) will apply unless a holder is prevented from receiving the relevant 
Underlying Cryptoasset due to legal or regulatory reasons, in which case Cash Settlement shall 
apply in relation to such holder or unless Physical Settlement of Certificates would be contrary to 
any applicable laws or regulations which would apply to the Physical Settlement by the Issuer of 
the Certificates generally, in which case the Execution Agent will (acting on the instructions of the 
Issuer) arrange for, and administer the sale of, all of the Secured Property. Upon receipt of the 
sale proceeds thereof by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less 
than 15 days' notice to the Relevant Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which 
the Certificates shall be redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually received by or on behalf of the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Issuer and credited to the Issuer Cash Account in respect of such sale, less all expenses, fees and 
charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in connection with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") shall be applied in accordance with the 
Payments Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on such date by 
payment of an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would have been 
determined if the Certificates were being redeemed with a Valuation Date as specified in such 
notice or, if less, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to that part (if any) of the Net Proceeds 
still available to Certificateholders after being applied in accordance with the Payments Priorities 
divided by the number of Certificates outstanding. 
 
Prior to publication of any notice of redemption under this Condition 7.10.1, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer demonstrating that the conditions 
precedent to the obligations of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and, in the case of a 
redemption of Certificates under this Condition 7.10.1, an opinion (in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Trustee) of legal advisers of recognised standing to the Issuer (previously 
approved by the Trustee) in the relevant jurisdiction to the effect that the relevant circumstances 
have occurred. The Trustee may rely on the aforementioned certificate and/or opinion without 
further enquiry and without liability therefor. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in paragraph (a)  of  this  Condition 
7.10.1 arise: 
 
(a) 
owing to the connection of any Certificateholder, or any third party having a beneficial interest in 
the Certificates with the Issuer Jurisdiction otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any 
Certificate or receiving amounts due in respect of such Certificate; or 
 
(b) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Certificateholder to comply with any applicable procedures 
required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for exemption from such tax, 
 
then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts payable 
to such Certificateholder or any third party having a beneficial interest in the Certificates, and shall 
not redeem the Certificates but this shall not affect the rights of the other Certificateholders 
hereunder. Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events 
of Default). 
 
7.10.2 
Resignation of Service Provider: If the Trustee, the Custodian or the Administrator resigns or its 
appointment is terminated and a successor Trustee, Custodian, Administrator (as applicable) has 
not been appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant 
Transaction Document prior to the later to occur of: (a) the expiry of the relevant notice period for 
such resignation or termination (as applicable) or, if later or if no notice period is applicable, the 
effective date of such resignation or termination; and (b) the date falling 90 calendar days following 
the date on which the notice to resign or terminate (as applicable) is given, in each case, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant Transaction Document(s), then 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Relevant Parties. Thereupon, the procedure set 
out under Condition 7.6 (Physical Settlement delivery obligations) will apply unless a holder is 
prevented from receiving the relevant Underlying Cryptoasset due to legal or regulatory reasons, 
in which case Cash Settlement shall apply in relation to such holder or unless Physical Settlement 
of Certificates would be contrary to any applicable laws or regulations which would apply to the 
Physical Settlement by the Issuer of the Certificates generally, in which case the Execution Agent 
will (acting on the instructions of the Issuer) arrange for, and administer the sale of, all of the 
Secured Property. Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (unless otherwise agreed by the 
Trustee) to the Relevant Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the 
Certificates shall be redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually received by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and credited to the Issuer Cash Account in respect of such sale, less all expenses, fees 
and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in connection with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") shall be applied in accordance with 
the Payments Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on such

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
date by payment of an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would 
have been determined if the Certificates were being redeemed with a Valuation Date as specified 
in such notice or, if less, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to that part (if any) of the Net 
Proceeds still available to Certificateholders after being applied in accordance with the Payments 
Priorities divided by the number of Certificates outstanding. 
 
7.10.3 
Clean-up call: If at any time the Administrator determines and notifies the Issuer that the aggregate 
number of Certificates outstanding on any day after the first anniversary of the Initial Issue Date is 
less than 1,000,000, the Issuer may give notice thereof to the Relevant Parties. Thereupon, the 
procedure set out under Condition 7.6 (Physical Settlement delivery obligations) will apply unless 
a holder is prevented from receiving the relevant Underlying Cryptoasset due to legal or regulatory 
reasons, in which case Cash Settlement shall apply in relation to such holder or unless Physical 
Settlement of Certificates would be contrary to any applicable laws or regulations which would 
apply to the Physical Settlement by the Issuer of the Certificates generally, in which case the 
Execution Agent (acting on the instructions of the Issuer) will arrange for, and administer the sale 
of, all of the Secured Property. Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall give not more than 90 nor less than 30 days' notice (unless otherwise 
agreed by the Trustee) to the Relevant Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on 
which the Certificates shall be redeemed and: (x) the proceeds actually received by or on behalf of 
the Issuer and credited to the Issuer Cash Account in respect of such sale, less all expenses, fees 
and charges (including, without limitation, any Taxes) incurred or to be incurred by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in connection with such sale (the "Net Proceeds") shall be applied in accordance with 
the Payments Priorities; and (y) the Issuer shall redeem each outstanding Certificate on such date 
by payment of an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that would have 
been determined if the Certificates were being redeemed with a relevant Valuation Date as 
specified in such notice or, if less, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to that part (if any) 
of the Net Proceeds still available to Certificateholders after being applied in accordance with the 
Payments Priorities divided by the number of Certificates outstanding. 
 
7.10.4 
Compulsory Redemption for cause: 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a 
Certificateholder requiring that Certificateholder to certify to the Issuer, no later than the date falling 
fifteen Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement 
to that Certificateholder, that the Certificateholder is not in breach of any law or regulation or would 
risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or regulation and to provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably, that the Certificateholder is not in breach of any law or 
regulation or would risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or regulation. Absent 
certification by a Certificateholder to the Issuer to the contrary, the Issuer shall be entitled, to 
assume that none of the Certificates are held by persons in breach of any law or regulation or would 
risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or regulation. 
 
(b) 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a Certificateholder that 
any Certificates held by that Certificateholder are to be redeemed compulsorily, if the Issuer 
required the Certificateholder in accordance with Condition 7.10.4(a) to certify and provide 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer (acting reasonably) that the Certificateholder is not in breach of 
any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or 
regulation and (i) the Certificateholder did not by the date specified in the notice given under 
Condition 7.10.4(a) provide such a certification in the form and executed in the manner required 
or evidence satisfactory to the Issuer; or (ii) the Certificateholder certified that it is in breach of 
any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Transaction Party to a breach of any law or 
regulation; or (iii) the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (a) that such Certificates are or may 
be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or requirement of any 
country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own those Certificates, or (B) that the 
ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those Certificates (whether on its own 
or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
other Certificateholders which it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred or (C) that 
the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those Certificates (whether on its 
own or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, expose any Transaction Party to a risk of violation of any 
law or regulation. 
 
7.11 
No Physical Settlement: Cash Settlement shall apply and no Physical Settlement shall be 
available: 
 
7.11.1 
in respect of any Certificates redeemed in accordance with Conditions 7.9 (Optional Redemption 
in whole) or 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption) above in circumstances where it is expressly stipulated 
in such Conditions that Cash Settlement shall apply; or 
 
7.11.2 
in circumstances where Physical Settlement of Certificates would be contrary to any applicable 
laws or regulations which would apply to the Physical Settlement of any such Certificates. 
 
7.12 
Notice irrevocable: Any such notice as is referred to in Condition 7.9 (Optional Redemption in 
whole) or Condition 7.10 (Mandatory Redemption) shall be irrevocable and, upon the expiration of 
such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Certificates to which such notice relates in 
accordance with such Conditions. 
 
7.13 
Purchase and cancellation: The Issuer may at any time purchase Certificates in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price. 
 
7.14 
Cancellation: All Certificates so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer shall be cancelled and may 
not be reissued and resold. 
 
7.15 
Notifications to be final: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the Conditions, 
whether by the Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer), the Issuer Adviser (acting on behalf 
of the Issuer), any Paying Agent or the Trustee shall (in the absence of any manifest error) be 
binding (as relevant) on the Issuer and all Certificateholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Administrator, the Issuer Adviser, any Paying Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by them or any of them of their powers, duties and discretions under the 
Conditions. 
 
8. 
Calculations 
 
8.1 
Calculation of Per Certificate Entitlement: On or in advance of each Business Day, the 
Administrator shall implement the Per Certificate Entitlement to the Underlying Cryptoassets in 
respect of such Business Day and such Per Certificate Entitlement shall be available for viewing, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, on etf.invesco.com or at such other location as is notified to 
Certificateholders in accordance with the Notices Condition from time to time. 
 
8.2 
Daily Fee Accrual and Combined Fees: On (or as soon as reasonably practicable after) each 
Business Day, the Administrator shall calculate the Daily Fee Accrual in respect of such Business 
Day and on (or as soon as reasonably practicable after) each Combined Fees Calculation Date, 
the Administrator shall calculate the Combined Fees in respect of the relevant Combined Fees 
Calculation Period. On or shortly after each Combined Fees Calculation Date falling prior to the 
delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the Trustee, the Execution Agent shall arrange for the sale 
of an amount of the Underlying Cryptoassets equal to the relevant Combined Fees and, to settle 
such trade against payment of the purchase price to the Issuer Cash Account or as otherwise 
directed by the Issuer (the "Combined Fees Payment Proceeds"). 
 
The Combined Fees Payment Proceeds will in the normal course be paid by the Issuer to the 
Issuer Adviser in consideration for its services as Issuer Adviser and also its agreement to pay to 
the Issuer or to its order the fees and expenses due to the other service providers in respect of the 
Programme (but not including any indemnities granted in favour of the other service providers).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
8.3 
Trustee to determine amounts in case of Issuer default: If the Issuer does not at any time for 
any reason calculate (or cause the Administrator to calculate) the Per Certificate Entitlement to the 
Underlying Cryptoassets for any Business Day in accordance with this Condition, such entitlement 
may be calculated by the Trustee, or the Trustee may appoint an agent to calculate such 
entitlement at the expense of the Issuer, (in either case without any liability accruing to the Trustee 
as a result) in accordance with this Condition (based on information supplied to it by the Issuer or 
any other Transaction Party) and each such calculation shall be deemed to have been made by 
the Issuer. 
 
9. 
Payments 
 
9.1 
Payments: All payments on the Certificates shall be made in the Specified Currency. The Issuer 
or the ICSD Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer (acting in the manner provided in the ICSD Paying 
Agency Agreement), shall pay or cause to be paid all payments in respect of the Certificates for 
value on the relevant payment date. 
 
9.2 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Certificates are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Certificateholders in respect of such payments (save as otherwise described in 
these Conditions). 
 
9.3 
Payments on Payment Days: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Certificate 
is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to interest or other payment in respect 
of such delay. In this paragraph, "Payment Day" means any day on which banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in New York and London. 
 
10. 
Taxation 
 
10.1 
Payments free of Tax: All payments in respect of the Certificates shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any Taxes imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the Issuer Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless by virtue of a change in the Tax law of the Issuer Jurisdiction (or the 
application or official interpretation of such Tax law) the Issuer, the Trustee or the Paying Agents 
(as the case may be) are required by law to make any Tax Deduction. In that event, the Issuer, 
the Trustee or the Paying Agents (as the case may be) shall make such payments after such Tax 
Deduction and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted. 
 
10.2 
No payment of additional amounts: Neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Paying Agents will 
be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Certificateholders as a result of any such Tax 
Deduction. 
 
10.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Issuer Jurisdiction, references in these Conditions to the Issuer Jurisdiction shall be construed 
as references to the Issuer Jurisdiction and/or such other jurisdiction. 
 
10.4 
Tax Deduction not Event of Default: Notwithstanding that the Trustee, the Issuer or the Paying 
Agents are required to make a Tax Deduction this shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
11. 
Events of Default 
 
11.1 
Events of Default: Subject to the other provisions of this Condition, each of the following events 
shall be treated as an "Event of Default" in relation to a Series of Certificates: 
 
11.1.1 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amounts due in respect of the Certificates of such Series 
or deliver any Underlying Cryptoassets due in respect of the Certificates of such Series within 5

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Business Days of the due date for payment or delivery thereof, other than as contemplated in 
Condition 7.8 (Failure to sell Underlying Cryptoassets); or 
 
11.1.2 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Certificates of such Series or any Transaction Document or 
in respect of the Issuer Covenants and such default (a) is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable 
of remedy or (b) being a default which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of remedy, remains 
unremedied for 30 days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the Trustee has 
given written notice of such default to the Issuer; or 
 
11.1.3 
Insolvency Event:  an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer; or 
 
11.1.4 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Certificates of such Series or the Transaction Documents. 
 
11.2 
Delivery of Enforcement Notice: If an Event of Default occurs in relation to the Certificates of a 
Series and is continuing, the Trustee may at its discretion and shall: 
 
11.2.1 
if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the number of the Certificates of 
such Series outstanding; or 
 
11.2.2 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders of such Series; deliver an 
Enforcement Notice in respect of such Series to the Issuer. 
 
11.3 
Conditions to delivery of Enforcement Notice: Notwithstanding Condition 11.2 (Delivery of 
Enforcement Notice) the Trustee shall not be obliged to deliver an Enforcement Notice unless: 
 
11.3.1 
in the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in Condition 11.1.2 (Breach of other 
obligations), the Trustee shall have certified in writing that the happening of such event is in its 
opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of Certificateholders; and 
 
11.3.2 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it 
may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
 
11.4 
Consequences of delivery of Enforcement Notice: Upon the delivery of an Enforcement Notice, 
each of the Certificates of the relevant Series shall become immediately due and payable without 
further action or formality at an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Cash Amount that 
would have been determined if the Certificates were being redeemed where Cash Settlement 
applies with a relevant Valuation Date as of the Business Day immediately following the date of 
delivery of such Enforcement Notice. 
 
12. 
Enforcement 
 
12.1 
Proceedings: The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice, institute such 
proceedings as it thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed and under the other 
Transaction Documents, but it shall not be bound to do so unless: 
 
12.1.1 
so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the number of the Certificates of 
the relevant Series outstanding; or 
 
12.1.2 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series; 
 
and in any such case, only if it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against 
all Liabilities to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
 
12.2 
Directions to the Trustee: If the Trustee shall take any action described in Condition 12.1 
(Proceedings) it may take such action without having regard to the effect of such action on 
individual Certificateholders or any other Secured Creditor.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
12.3 
Third Party Rights: No person shall have any right to enforce any Condition or any provision of 
the Trust Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
 
13. 
Limited Recourse, Proceedings, Non-Petition, Remedies 
 
13.1 
Limited Recourse: All amounts due from the Issuer to the Secured Creditors (including the 
Certificateholders) in relation to any Series under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in 
relation to the Certificates of such Series and the other Secured Obligations in respect of that 
Series shall be equal to the lesser of the principal amount of such obligations and the actual amount 
received or recovered by or for the account of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Property 
applicable to that Series net of any sums which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that it is or may 
be obliged by law to pay to any person in priority to the Certificateholders or other Secured 
Creditors in accordance with Condition 5 (Security and Payment Priorities). Accordingly, all 
payments to be made by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents or the Conditions in respect 
of any Secured Obligations for any given Series may only be satisfied by recourse to the sums 
received or recovered by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property 
for such Series (net as aforesaid) (the "Available Amount"). The Secured Creditors in respect of 
a particular Series (including the Certificateholders) shall look solely to the Available Amount for 
payments to be made by the Issuer, the obligation of the Issuer to make payments will be limited 
to the Available Amount (which shall be applied in accordance with the applicable Payments 
Priorities) and the Secured Creditors for such Series (including the Certificateholders) will have no 
further recourse to the Issuer in respect thereof. In the event that the amount due and payable by 
the Issuer to the Secured Creditors for such Series (including the Certificateholders) exceeds the 
Available Amount, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding the Available 
Amount shall be extinguished and none of the Secured Creditors (including the Certificateholders) 
may take any further action to recover such amounts. 
 
13.2 
Proceedings: Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under general law or under 
these provisions to enforce the provisions of the Certificates or the Trust Documents. No 
Certificateholder or other Secured Creditor is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any 
assets of the Issuer to enforce their rights in relation to or under the Certificates or the Transaction 
Documents unless the Trustee, having become bound as aforesaid fails or neglects to do so within 
a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing. However, the Trustee shall not be 
bound to take any action to enforce the Security or pursue the remedies available under general 
law or under these provisions or otherwise take any action unless it is indemnified and/or secured 
to its satisfaction and has been requested to do so by the holders of the Certificates. 
 
13.3 
Non-Petition: No Certificateholder or other Secured Creditor may institute against, or join any 
person in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, examination, re-organisation, 
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings (except for the appointment of a receiver and 
manager pursuant to the terms of the Trust Documents) or other proceeding under any similar law 
(including, without limitation, an application for a declaration of “en désastre” being made in respect 
of the Issuer or any of its assets (or the making of such declaration) for so long as any Certificates 
are outstanding or until one year plus one day has elapsed since the last day on which the 
Certificates were outstanding, without prejudice to any enforcement or realisation of the Security, 
save lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another party or taking 
proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer. The only 
remedy of the Trustee against the Issuer after the occurrence of an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) is to enforce the Security for the Certificates created by and 
pursuant to the provisions of the applicable Trust Documents. No Certificateholder or other 
Secured Creditor shall have any recourse to any director, officer or employee of the Issuer or any 
of their respective affiliates or any of their respective assets. 
 
13.4 
Remedies: The only remedy of the Trustee against the Issuer after any of the Certificates have 
become due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default) is to enforce the Security 
pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Documents.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
14. 
Meetings of Certificateholders 
 
14.1 
Convening: The Trust Deed contains "Provisions for Meetings of Certificateholders" for 
convening meetings of Certificateholders to consider matters relating to the Certificates, including 
the modification of any provision of these Conditions or the Trust Deed, which modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
 
14.2 
Request from Certificateholders: A meeting of holders of the Certificates may be convened by 
the Trustee or the Issuer at any time and must be convened by the Trustee (subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) upon the request in writing of Certificateholders 
holding not less than ten per cent. of the number of outstanding Certificates. 
 
14.3 
Quorum: The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: 
 
14.3.1 
an Extraordinary Resolution, other than regarding a Reserved Matter, will be two or more persons 
holding or representing a majority of the aggregate number of outstanding Certificates or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing Certificateholders, whatever the 
aggregate number of outstanding Certificates so held or represented; and 
 
14.3.2 
an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter will be two or more persons holding or 
representing in the aggregate 75 per cent. of the number of outstanding Certificates or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more persons holding or representing not less than in the aggregate 
331/3 per cent. of the number of outstanding Certificates. 
 
14.4 
Resolutions in writing: A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
 
15. 
Modification and Waiver 
 
15.1 
Modification: The Trustee may at any time and from time to time, without the consent or sanction 
of the Certificateholders or any other Secured Creditors, concur with the Issuer and any other 
relevant parties in making: 
 
15.1.1 
any modification to these Conditions and the Trust Documents (other than in respect of a Reserved 
Matter or any provisions of the Trust Documents referred to in the definition of a Reserved Matter), 
the Certificates or the other Transaction Documents in relation to which its consent is required 
which, in the opinion of the Trustee, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of Certificateholders; or 
 
15.1.2 
any modification to the provisions of these Conditions, the Trust Documents, the Certificates or any 
other Transaction Documents: 
 
(a) 
in order to reflect changes in the applicable law and/or practice relating to the holding or 
transfer of Certificates in registered form or through a Clearing System; or 
 
(b) 
in order to enable the Certificates of any Series to be delivered, held and settled via the 
CREST Depository Interest mechanism in Euroclear UK and Ireland; or 
 
(c) 
in order to reflect changes in the applicable law and/or practice relating to the holding, 
trading or exchange of any Underlying Cryptoasset and/or of any instrument related to 
any Underlying Cryptoasset and/or to reflect or account for any changes in the nature of 
any Underlying Cryptoasset or any operational requirements in relation thereto (including 
without limitation in relation to any fork or airdrop), and/or to reflect or account for the issue 
of a new Series linked to a new Specified Cryptocurrency, and/or which are made in 
connection with a substitution of any Transaction Party and/or the appointment of any 
additional Service Provider, and/or which are expedient;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
provided that 
 
(1) 
at least 30 calendar days' prior written notice of any such proposed modification has been 
given to the Trustee; 
 
(2) 
the Issuer certifies to the Trustee, in writing that such modifications, variations and/or 
amendments are certified by either the Issuer as being: (a) made in accordance with 
either paragraph (a), (b) or (c) (as the case may be); and (b) not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series (a "Modification 
Certificate"); 
 
(3) 
the Issuer has provided at least 30 calendar days' notice to the Certificateholders of each 
Series of the proposed modification in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and the 
Trustee has not been directed in accordance with the Transaction Documents by 
Certificateholders representing at least 50 per cent. of the number of outstanding 
Certificates of the relevant Series within such notification period not to consent to the 
modification; and 
 
(4) 
the Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any amendments which would, in the sole 
opinion of the Trustee, increase the duties, obligations or liabilities, or reduce the rights 
or protections, of the Trustee; or 
 
15.1.3 
any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Documents, the Certificates or the other 
Transaction Documents in relation to which its consent is required, if, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature, is made to correct a manifest error. 
 
15.2 
Waiver: In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Certificateholders or any other 
Secured Creditor concur with the Issuer or any other relevant parties in authorising or waiving any 
proposed breach or breach of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Documents, the 
Certificates or any of the other Transaction Documents (including an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of Certificateholders will not be 
materially prejudiced by such waiver. 
 
15.3 
Restriction on power to waive: The Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by 
Condition 15.2 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Certificateholders or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 
25 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Certificates outstanding, but so that no such direction 
or request shall: (a) affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Reserved Matter unless 
the Certificateholders have, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
 
15.4 
Notification: Unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the Issuer shall cause any such authorisation, 
waiver, modification or determination to be notified to the Certificateholders and the other Secured 
Creditors in accordance with the Notices Condition and the Transaction Documents, as soon as 
practicable after it has been made. 
 
15.5 
Binding Nature:  Any authorisation, waiver, determination or modification referred to in Condition 
15.1 (Modification) or Condition 15.2 (Waiver) shall be binding on the Certificateholders and the 
other Secured Creditors. 
 
16. 
Prescription 
 
16.1 
Claims for amounts due on redemption shall become void unless the relevant Certificates are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
 
17. 
Trustee, Administrator, Registrar and Paying Agents 
 
17.1 
Trustee's right to Indemnity: Under the Transaction Documents, the Trustee is entitled to be 
indemnified in respect of the Certificates and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
and to be paid or reimbursed for any Liabilities incurred by it in priority to the claims of the holders 
of the Certificates. The Trust Deed and Security Document contain provisions governing the 
responsibility (and relief from responsibility) of the Trustee and providing for its indemnification in 
certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from taking enforcement proceedings or 
enforcing the Security unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, whenever the Trustee is under the provisions of the Transaction Documents bound to act 
at the request or direction of the Certificateholders, the Trustee shall nevertheless not be so bound 
unless first indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity relating to the Issuer without 
accounting for any profit. 
 
17.2 
Trustee not responsible for loss or for monitoring: The Trustee will not be responsible for any 
loss, expense or liability which may be suffered as a result of the Secured Property or any 
documents of title thereto being uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by or to the order 
of any person on behalf of the Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the 
compliance by any of the other Transaction Parties with their obligations under the Transaction 
Documents and the Trustee will be entitled to assume, until it has written notice to the contrary, 
that all such persons are properly performing their duties. 
 
17.3 
Regard to Certificateholders: In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions 
and the Trust Deed, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of holders of the Certificates as a 
class and will not be responsible for any consequence for individual Certificateholders as a result 
of such holders being domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected in any way with, or subject 
to the jurisdiction of, a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
 
17.4 
Approvals and Consents. The Trustee will not be responsible for considering the basis on which 
approvals or consents are granted by the Issuer or any other party to the Transaction Documents 
under the Transaction Documents. The Trustee will not be liable to any Certificateholder or other 
Secured Creditor for any failure to make or to cause to be made on their behalf the searches, 
investigations and enquiries which would normally be made by a prudent chargee in relation to the 
Security and has no responsibility in relation to the legality, validity, sufficiency and enforceability 
of the Security and the Transaction Documents. 
 
17.5 
Administrator, Registrar and Paying Agents solely agents of Issuer: In acting under the 
Administration Agreement and/or the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement, as the case may be, in 
connection with the Certificates, the Administrator, the Registrar and the ICSD Paying Agent 
respectively act solely as agents of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and 
do not assume any fiduciary duties or any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any of the Certificateholders. 
 
17.6 
Administrator, Registrar and Paying Agents: The Specified Offices of the Administrator, the 
Registrar, and the Paying Agents are set out below. 
 
17.6.1 
The Administrator is Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) Limited 
and its Specified Office is George’s Court, 54-62 Townsend Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
 
17.6.2 
The Registrar Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) Limited and its 
Specified Office is George’s Court, 54-62 Townsend Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
 
17.6.3 
The ICSD Paying Agent is Citibank Europe plc and its Specified Office is 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 
1, Ireland. 
 
Subject to Condition 17.6 below, the Issuer reserves the right (with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee) to vary or terminate the appointment of the Administrator, the Registrar or any Paying 
Agent (having given the requisite period of notice) and to appoint a successor administrator, 
registrar or paying agent and additional or successor paying agents at any time. Notice of any 
change in the Administrator, the Registrar or any Paying Agent, or in any of their Specified Offices, 
shall promptly be given to the Certificateholders in accordance with the Notices Condition.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
17.7 
Maintenance of Paying Agents: The Issuer shall at all times maintain, for so long as the 
Certificates are admitted to trading by any other relevant authority or listed on any stock exchange, 
a paying agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
 
18. 
Substitution of Issuer 
 
18.1 
Substitution of Issuer: The Trustee may, without the consent of the Certificateholders or any 
other Secured Creditor, subject to: 
 
18.1.1 
the consent of the Issuer; and 
 
18.1.2 
such further conditions as are specified in the Trust Deed, 
 
agree to the substitution of a Substituted Obligor in place of the Issuer as the principal debtor in 
respect of the Trust Documents, the Certificates and the Secured Obligations. 
 
18.2 
Notice of Substitution of Issuer: Not later than fourteen days after any substitution of the Issuer 
in accordance with this Condition, the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice of such substitution 
to be given to the Certificateholders and the other Secured Creditors in accordance with the Notices 
Condition and the other relevant Transaction Documents. 
 
18.3 
Change of Law: In the case of a substitution pursuant to this Condition, the Trustee may in its 
absolute discretion agree, without the consent of the Certificateholders or the other Secured 
Creditors to a change of the law governing the Certificates and/or any of the Transaction 
Documents provided that such change would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Certificates. 
 
18.4 
No indemnity: No Certificateholder shall, in connection with any such substitution, be entitled to 
claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any 
such substitution upon individual Certificateholders. 
 
19. 
Further Certificates 
 
19.1 
Right to issue further Certificates: The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the 
holders of the Certificates or the other Secured Creditors and in accordance with the Trust Deed, 
create and issue further Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the Certificates in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date and the Issue Price) including the benefit of 
the Security so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Certificates. 
 
20. 
Notices 
 
20.1 
Valid Notices: All notices to Certificateholders regarding the Certificates will be deemed to be 
validly given if sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the 
Certificateholders at their respective addresses appearing in the Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Certificates are 
listed by or on a competent authority or stock exchange and the rules of that competent authority 
or stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the places or places required by that competent authority or stock exchange. 
 
20.2 
Other Methods: The Trustee shall be at liberty to sanction some other method of giving notice to 
the Certificateholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market 
practice then prevailing and to the requirements of the stock exchange on which the Certificates 
are then listed and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Certificateholders in 
such manner as the Trustee shall require.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
21. 
Rounding 
 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up) and all amounts in any other currency which are used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest amount of the relevant currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency, and (c) all amounts of the Underlying Cryptoassets to which 
the Certificates are linked used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded down to the 
relevant Rounding Amount. 
 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 
22.1 
Governing law: The Certificates, the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (other 
than the Administration Agreement and the Account Bank Agreement) will be governed by English 
law. The Administration Agreement will be governed by Irish law. The Account Bank Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of the state of New York. 
 
22.2 
Jurisdiction: The English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Certificates, and accordingly any legal proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Certificates ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in any such courts whether on the grounds of venue or that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Certificates will be in the following form, duly completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Certificates and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics 
does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Certificates are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the 
purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they 
are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge 
of, and experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks 
involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to 
enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such investments. 
These investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial Services Commission ("JFSC") as 
suitable investments for any other type of investor. The JFSC has not confirmed that that issuer 
falls within the scope of the Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 
2000. Accordingly, the JFSC takes no responsibility should the issuer fail to meet the conditions of 
the Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Final Terms dated [     ●    ] 
 
[ 
● 
] 
 
Issue of [insert number of Certificates comprised in the Tranche] Secured [Insert Cryptocurrency]- 
Linked Certificates due [insert Final Maturity Date] 
 
under the 
Secured Cryptocurrency Linked Certificates Programme 
 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the 
basis that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below, any offer of Certificates in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the 
Certificates. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the Certificates may only do 
so: 
 
(a) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to such offer; or 
 
(b) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions in each case which are mentioned in Part A below and that such 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Certificates in any other circumstances. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 November 2022 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the [Tranche][Series] of Certificates described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Tranche][Series] of Certificates described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing at etf.invesco.com. [A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
 
[When completing any final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation]. 
 
1.  
Issuer: 
Invesco Digital Markets plc 
2.  
[Initial] Issue Date: 
[●] 
3.  
Final Maturity Date: 
[●] 
4.  
Underlying Cryptoassets: 
[Bitcoin], [●]1 
5.  
Initial Per Certificate Entitlement to 
Underlying Cryptoassets as at the Issue 
Date: 
[●] [Bitcoin], [●] [●] 
6.  
Reduction Percentage: 
[●] per cent. per annum [(which may be lowered from 
time to time by the Issuer on the advice of the Issuer 
                                                
1 Any Cryptocurrency which is an Underlying Cryptocurrency to be listed here.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Adviser)] 
7.  
Rounding Amount: 
The nearest [●] 
8.  
Issue Price: 
[[●] per Certificate][Per Certificate Entitlement][as at the 
[Initial] Issue Date] 
9.  
Aggregate number of Certificates in the 
Series: 
[Up to] [●] Certificates [(including the Certificates issued 
in this Tranche)] 
10.  
Aggregate number of Certificates in the 
Tranche: 
[[●] Certificates][ [Not Applicable][item is "Not 
Applicable" for final terms relating to a public offer] 
11.  
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
12.  
Names and addresses of Authorised 
Participants: 
[give names and addresses] 
13.  
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Certificates may be 
made by the Authorised Participants [and [specify, if 
applicable]] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in [specify Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdictions where the prospectus and 
any supplements have been passported] ("Public 
Offer Jurisdictions") during the period from [specify 
date] until [specify date] (the "Offer Period").] 
14.  
[Total amount of Certificates offered to 
the public: 
Up to [●] Certificates will be offered. The actual issue 
size is to be determined on the basis of the demand for 
the Certificates and prevailing market conditions. The 
actual issue size will be published by making it 
available at the office of the [Issuer 
Adviser]/[Issuer].][only include item 14 for final terms 
relating to a public offer] 
 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for [issue] [and] [a public offer in the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions] [and admission to trading on [ ● ]] of the Certificates described herein pursuant to the  
Secured Cryptocurrency Linked Certificates Programme of Invesco Digital Markets plc. 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are published in accordance with the 
arrangements set out in Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation at https://etf.invesco.com/. An issue-specific 
summary prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation is attached to these Final 
Terms. 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms, and declares that the 
information contained in these Final Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
[insert in case of Final Terms for Certificates with listing on the Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange: 
 
Furthermore, ICF BANK AG with its registered office at Kaiserstraße 1, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 529900E89HA1I45HB613, in its capacity as Listing Agent and co-applicant for 
the admission to trading and listing of this [Tranche][Series] of Certificates on the regulated market 
(regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms in addition to the responsibility of the Issuer, and declares that 
the information contained in the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.  
ADMISSION TO TRADING AND LISTING 
a)  
Admission to trading 
[insert where applicable: 
 
 
Application has been made for admission to trading 
and listing of the Certificates on the regulated market 
(regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.] 
 
 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Certificates to be admitted to trading and listing 
on [●]]. 
 
 
[This Tranche of Certificates is fungible with the 
Certificates of the same Series already in issue which 
have been admitted to trading and listing on [●].] 
 
 
[This Series of Certificates has been admitted to 
trading and listing on [●] on [●.] 
b)  
Listing 
[●] 
2.  
[EXPENSES OF THE OFFER][REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading and listing of the Certificates: [●]] 
 
[Reasons for the offer: See "Use of Proceeds" section in the Base Prospectus] 
 
[Estimated net proceeds: The Certificates are initially purchased by the Authorised Participants 
from the Issuer in the primary market in the Specified Cryptocurrency. The amount received in the 
Specified Cryptocurrency by the Issuer through the subscription of the Certificates will be 
transferred to the Depositary Wallet. Based on the assumption that a total of [] Certificates are 
sold and based on the Specified Cryptocurrency value of [] (as of []), the net proceeds for each 
[] units of Certificates are [].] 
 
[Estimated total expenses: []] 
3.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Paying Agent: 
[●] 
 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels, Luxembourg 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg] 
 
Trading Method: 
Units 
 
Minimum Trading Amount: 
The minimum number of Certificates that may be 
traded is 1 and any integral multiple thereof. 
 
[Maximum Issue Size: 
The aggregate number of all Certificates of the Series 
of which this Tranche forms a part which are 
outstanding from time to time will not exceed [●].]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The Issuer will receive the net proceeds from the issue of a Series of the Certificates in the Specified 
Cryptocurrency and will keep such amounts in its Depositary Wallet held with the Custodian in order to 
discharge and hedge its obligations under the Certificates (as described further in the sections "Description 
of the Transaction Documents" below and "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" above).

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
In connection with an issue of any Tranche of Certificates and with regard to such issue only, if so specified 
under the item "Responsibility" in the relevant Final Terms, ICF BANK AG with its registered office at 
Kaiserstraße 1, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 529900E89HA1I45HB613, 
in its capacity as Listing Agent for the admission to trading and listing and co-applicant of the relevant 
Tranche of Certificates on the regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms for the 
issuance of such Tranche of Certificates in addition to the responsibility of the Issuer, and confirms that to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, the information for which it accepts responsibility as aforesaid is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the BaFin in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. BaFin only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Certificates 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Certificates.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
 
The following is an overview of the material terms of the following documents entered into by the Issuer, as 
they relate to the Certificates: the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Administration Agreement, the 
Advisory Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Authorised Participants Agreement, the Account Bank 
Agreement the Execution Agency Agreement, the Settlement Services Agreement and the Fees and 
Expenses Agreement. 
 
This overview is a summary of the above Transaction Documents and related provisions of the Conditions, 
which prevail to the extent of any inconsistency with this overview. Capitalised terms used herein and not 
otherwise defined have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Conditions. 
 
The Trust Deed 
 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Issuer has appointed the Trustee, and the Trustee has agreed to act, as 
trustee in relation to each Series of Certificates. Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee may retire 
at any time on giving not less than three months' notice in writing to the Issuer. The Certificateholders of a 
particular Series will have the power to remove the Trustee, exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution in 
respect of that Series. However, the retirement or removal of the Trustee shall not become effective until a 
successor trustee has been appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
 
All monies received by the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property for a Series shall be held by the 
Trustee on trust for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors in respect of each Series of 
Certificates separately, in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed the Issuer may, without the consent of the Certificateholders of the 
relevant Series and the other Secured Creditors in respect of such Series (but subject to certain restrictions), 
issue further Tranches of Certificates of the same Series having the same terms and conditions as previous 
Tranches of Certificates of such Series already in issue in all respects (except for the Issue Date, the Issue 
Price and the Initial Per Certificate Entitlement in respect thereof) and including the benefit of the Security, 
so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Certificates of such Series already in issue. The 
aggregate number of Certificates outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed the 
Programme Limit. In addition, the aggregate number of Certificates in a particular Series which are 
outstanding at any one time will not exceed the Maximum Issue Size for that Series. 
 
As is more particularly described in the Trust Deed but subject to the terms thereof, the Trustee shall (if 
directed by the Certificateholders of a particular Series) or otherwise in its discretion may (in either case 
subject to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against 
any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which may be incurred or made against it in 
connection therewith), institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the rights 
of the Certificateholders and other Secured Creditors of such Series against the Issuer, whether the same 
arise under general law, the Trust Deed, the Certificates or otherwise. 
 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will, as regards all the powers, trusts, authorities, duties and 
discretions vested in it by the Trust Deed or Security Deed applicable to the relevant Series, the other 
Transaction Documents or the Certificates, except where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the 
interests of both the Certificateholders and the other Secured Creditors of such Series, but if, in the Trustee’s 
sole opinion, there is a conflict between their interests, it will have regard solely to the interests of such 
Certificateholders and no other Secured Creditor will have any claim against the Trustee for so doing. When 
exercising its powers, authorities, duties and discretions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the 
Certificateholders of the relevant Series as a class and will not have regard for the interests of an individual 
Certificateholder. 
 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed if, with respect to the exercise by the Trustee of any of its powers, trusts, 
authorities, duties or discretions vested in it by any relevant Trust Document, the other Transaction 
Documents or the Certificates, two or more Series of Certificates are relevant to such exercise and, in the 
Trustee's sole opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of Certificateholders of such different Series, 
it will have regard solely to the interests of the Certificateholders of such Series which has the greatest

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
number of Certificates outstanding at the relevant time and no Certificateholder of any other Series shall 
have any claim against the Trustee for so doing. 
 
After the Security in respect of a particular Series is enforced by the Trustee, all moneys received by or on 
behalf of the Trustee or any Receiver appointed under the provisions of the Trust Deed or Security Deed 
applicable to that Series, in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the Security constituted shall 
be applied in respect of such Series in accordance with the priority of payments as set out in the Trust Deed 
and Condition 5 (Payments Priorities). 
 
The Trust Deed contains provisions in relation to the appointment of any successor Administrator, 
Custodian, Account Bank, ICSD Paying Agent, Certificates Settlement Agent and Execution Agent (each a 
"Service Provider"). If a Service Provider notifies the Issuer that it will resign its appointment or the Issuer 
delivers a written notice to a Service Provider that the appointment of the Service Provider will be revoked 
or terminated or such Service Provider's appointment is terminated or the relevant service provider 
agreement to which it is a party (each a "Relevant Service Provider Agreement") is terminated for any 
reason, the Issuer Adviser may (but shall not be obliged to) identify a successor Service Provider, which 
meets the criteria specified therein and is willing to enter into an agreement with the Issuer to provide 
services substantially similar to, or which are otherwise a suitable replacement for, the services provided 
under the terms of the Relevant Service Provider Agreement. 
 
The successor Service Provider identified by the Issuer Adviser in accordance with the Trust Deed shall be 
appointed by the Issuer only if it is willing to accede the Relevant Service Provider Agreement or to into a 
replacement Relevant Service Provider Agreement pursuant to which the successor Service provider will 
provide services substantially similar to, or which are otherwise in the opinion of the Issuer Adviser a suitable 
replacement for, the services provided under the terms of the Relevant Service Provider Agreement. 
 
The Trust Deed will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Security Deed 
 
A Security Deed will be entered into in respect of each Series of Certificates at the time that the first Tranche 
of Certificates of such Series is issued. Pursuant to the Security Deed applicable to a Series of Certificates 
and for the benefit of that Series of Certificates only, the Issuer will create the following Security Interests 
with full title guarantee and as continuing security for the Secured Obligations in favour of the Trustee for 
the Trustee itself and on trust for the Secured Creditors: 
 
(a) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest in and to the cash account in 
respect of the Series (the "Issuer Cash Account"); 
 
(b) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest in and to each of the 
Transaction Documents to the extent that they relate to the Certificates of that Series and any sums 
payable thereunder including the Issuer’s rights to any sums held by any other party thereto to 
meet payments due in respect of the Certificates of that Series, but only to the extent that the same 
relates to the Certificates of that Series, but excluding the Issuer's proprietary interest in and to the 
Underlying Cryptoassets; 
 
(c) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to paragraph (b) above) a first fixed 
charge over all of the Issuer's rights, title and interest present and future in and to the assets listed 
in paragraph (b) above; and 
 
(d) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to paragraph (b) above or charged by 
way of fixed charge pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (c) above) a first floating charge over all the 
Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in  and to the assets listed at paragraphs (a), 
(b) or (c) above (as applicable). 
 
Upon the Trustee being satisfied as to the irrevocable and unconditional payment or discharge of the 
Secured Obligations, the Trustee will, at the request and cost of the Issuer, release, discharge or reassign 
the Secured Property to the Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
At any time following an Event of Default in respect of any particular Series that is continuing, the Trustee 
shall (if directed by the Holders of the Certificates of such Series) or otherwise in its discretion may (in either 
case subject to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any loss, 
liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which may be incurred or made against it in connection 
therewith), accelerate the relevant Series of Certificates by delivering an Enforcement Notice. To enforce 
the Security in respect of any particular Series over the relevant Secured Property the Trustee may, at its 
discretion, take possession of all or part of that Secured Property or sell, call in, collect and convert into 
money all or part of that Secured Property in such manner and on such terms as it shall think fit and exercise 
any other right, power or discretion under the Trust Deed or relevant Security Deed or at law available to it. 
 
Each Security Deed will be governed by and be construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Administration Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator has agreed to act as administrator for the 
Issuer. The Administration Agreement sets out the authority and duties of the Administrator, such as the 
implementation of the Per Certificate Entitlement, the administration of the procedure for the transfer, issue 
and redemption of Certificates, liaising with and issuing instructions to the Account Bank, Custodian and 
Execution Agent, the provision of reporting services to the Issuer, assisting the Issuer with the preparation 
of material required to produce of the Issuer’s books and accounts, liaising with the auditors in relation to 
the audit of the financial statements of the Issuer and, in its capacity as Registrar, the provision of certain 
registration and transfer agency services in respect of Certificates, as well as the indemnities provided to it. 
It also specifies certain limitations of liability, representations and warranties and terms relating to fees and 
expenses of the Administrator. 
 
The Administrator may resign its appointment under the Administration Agreement upon not less than 90 
days written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee and the Issuer Adviser. 
 
The Administrator may be removed upon 90 days written notice by the Issuer to the Administrator, with a 
copy of such notice to the Trustee and the Issuer Adviser. 
 
The Administrator or the Issuer may also terminate the Administration Agreement immediately upon written 
notice to the other party following the occurrence of certain events, including (a) a party committing a 
material breach of the Administration Agreement, (b) the continued performance of the Administration 
Agreement ceasing to be lawful or (c) a party admits it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or a party 
is subject to examinership, receivership or liquidation proceedings. 
 
Following the resignation or removal of the Administrator, the Issuer may be obliged to make certain 
payments to the outgoing Administrator. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and except in relation to an 
immediate termination and subject to certain conditions, no termination of the appointment of, or resignation 
of, the Administrator shall be effective until such time as a successor to the Administrator has agreed in 
writing to assume all of the Administrator's duties and obligations under the Administration Agreement. 
 
The Administration Agreement will be governed by and be construed in accordance with Irish law. 
 
Settlement Services Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Settlement Services Agreement, the Certificates Settlement Agent has agreed to act as 
certificates settlement agent for the Issuer. The Settlement Services Agreement sets out the authority and 
duties of the Certificates Settlement Agent in relation to subscriptions and redemptions of Certificates and 
the indemnities provided to it. It also specifies certain limitations of liability, representations and warranties 
and terms relating to fees and expenses of the Certificates Settlement Agent. 
 
The Certificates Settlement Agent may resign its appointment under the Settlement Services Agreement 
upon not less than 90 days written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee and the Issuer Adviser. 
 
The Certificates Settlement Agent may be removed upon 90 days written notice by the Issuer to the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Certificates Settlement Agent, with a copy of such notice to the Trustee and the Issuer Adviser. 
 
The Certificates Settlement Agent or the Issuer may also terminate the Settlement Services Agreement 
immediately upon written notice to the other party following the occurrence of certain events, including (a) 
a party committing a material breach of the Settlement Services Agreement, (b) the continued performance 
of the Settlement Services Agreement ceasing to be lawful or (c) a party admits it is unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due or a party is subject to examinership, receivership or liquidation proceedings. 
 
Following the resignation or removal of the Certificates Settlement Agent, the Issuer may be obliged to make 
certain payments to the outgoing Certificates Settlement Agent. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and 
except in relation to an immediate termination and subject to certain conditions, no termination of the 
appointment of, or resignation of, the Certificates Settlement Agent shall be effective until such time as a 
successor to the Certificates Settlement Agent has agreed in writing to assume all of the Certificates 
Settlement Agent's duties and obligations under the Settlement Services Agreement. 
 
The Settlement Services Agreement will be governed by and be construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Advisory Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Issuer Adviser has agreed to act as Issuer Adviser for the Issuer. 
The Advisory Agreement sets out the authority and duties of the Issuer Adviser and the indemnities provided 
by and to it. It also specifies certain limitations of liability, representations and warranties and terms relating 
to fees and expenses of the Issuer Adviser. The Issuer Adviser will provide certain advisory services and 
other duties expressly set out in the Advisory Agreement including determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event or a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists at any relevant time and the identification of 
successor Service Providers in accordance with the Trust Deed. 
 
The Issuer Adviser may resign its appointment under the Advisory Agreement upon 60 calendar days’ prior 
written notice to the Issuer and copied to the Trustee. 
 
The Issuer Adviser may be removed immediately on written notice by the Issuer and copied to the Trustee. 
 
Following the resignation or removal of the Issuer Adviser, the Issuer may be obliged to make certain 
payments to the Issuer Adviser. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and subject to certain conditions 
(including those set out in the following paragraph), no termination of the appointment of, or resignation of, 
the Issuer Adviser shall be effective until such time as a successor to the Issuer Adviser has agreed in 
writing to assume all of such Issuer Adviser's duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement. 
 
Upon any removal or resignation of the Issuer Adviser, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a successor to the Issuer Adviser in accordance with the Advisory Agreement and, but if the Issuer 
fails to do so before the expiry of the relevant notice period the Issuer Adviser may, but shall not be obliged 
to, appoint its own successor. 
 
The Advisory Agreement will be governed by and be construed in accordance with English law. 
 
ICSD Paying Agency Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the ICSD Paying Agency Agreement, for so long as each Series of Certificates is represented 
by a Global Certificate which is registered in the name of a nominee for, and deposited with, the common 
depositary for a Clearing System, the ICSD Paying Agent has agreed arrange to make certain payments in 
respect of the each Series of Certificates and the Issuer has agreed to pay certain fees and expenses of 
the ICSD Paying Agent. The Issuer has also agreed to indemnify the ICSD Paying Agent against certain 
liabilities incurred in connection with acting as agent of the Issuer in relation to the Certificates. 
 
The ICSD Paying Agency Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Custody Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Custody Agreement, the Custodian has agreed to provide custody, safekeeping, asset

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
servicing, settlement, reporting and ancillary services to the Issuer in respect of the Issuer's Underlying 
Cryptoassets. The Custody Agreement sets out the authority and duties of the Custodian and the 
indemnities provided to it. It also specifies certain limitations of liability, representations and warranties and 
terms relating to fees and expenses of the Custodian. Under the terms of the Custody Agreement, the 
Custodian has declared that it holds all rights, title and interest to the cryptoassets covered by the Custody 
Agreement from time to time on trust for the Issuer. 
 
In performing the services under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian has agreed to exercise the same 
standard of care as is reasonably expected from a professional Custodian engaging in similar activities. In 
addition, the Custody Agreement provides that the Custodian shall only liable for losses caused by its 
negligence, fraud or wilful default, and there are a number of specific limitations on its liability which may 
serve to further limit or eliminate the recourse of the Issuer against the Custodian in circumstances where 
the operation of the custody arrangements results in the loss of Underlying Cryptoassets and therefore a 
loss to Certificateholders. 
 
In particular, but without limitation, the Custodian has excluded liability for loses caused outside its 
reasonable control, as well as, specifically, losses caused by computer system malfunction or failure 
(regardless of cause) or any third-party interference with a computer system and by error, failure, 
interruption, delay or non-availability of any goods or services supplied to the Custodian by any third party. 
The Custodian has also excluded liability for indirect or consequential losses which may be suffered by the 
Issuer, and has also placed a cap on its liability which is equal to the greater of (i) the total amount of fees 
paid or payable by the Issuer in the twelve (12) months prior to the date of the occurrence of the loss and 
(ii) in respect of any loss in respect of which Zodia is able to make a successful claim under its digital assets 
crime policy, a share (expected to be pro-rated in respect of the Issuer's loss relative to the aggregate losses 
in respect of which the successful claim is made, as determined in good faith by Zodia) of the net proceeds 
received of any such claim). 
 
The Custody Agreement also affords the Custodian the discretion to suspend or limit the provision of its 
services, including in circumstances where there is a breach of or suspected breach of any applicable law, 
a network outage, a fork, a failure, outage, hack or other malfunction of a cryptocurrency or its underlying 
protocol. 
 
The Custodian may terminate any or all of its services upon 90 calendar days’ prior written notice to the 
Issuer, subject to a successor having been duly appointed by the Issuer. The Custodian may also terminate 
its services for cause with immediate effect upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 
The Issuer may terminate any or all of the services of the Custodian upon immediate written notice.  
 
The Custody Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Execution Agency Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Execution Agency Agreement, the Execution Agent has agreed to provide services in 
relation to the sale of Underlying Cryptoassets of each Series to realise cash proceeds relating to the 
Combined Fees and in relation circumstances where to cash redemptions of the Certificates are required 
or permitted. 
 
The Execution Agent agrees pursuant to the Execution Agency Agreement to use its reasonable efforts to 
sell relevant Underlying Cryptoassets in exchange for the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with 
proper instructions with regard to achieving the Reference Price or a price similar to the Reference Price. 
 
The Execution Agent is required to select a method, counterparty and venue (if any) for the execution of 
each sale transaction in its discretion but in all cases taking all sufficient steps to obtain in its reasonable 
judgment in good faith the best result reasonably possible for the Issuer taking into account price, costs, 
speed, likelihood of execution and settlement, size, nature or any other consideration relevant to the 
execution of the relevant sale transaction, and in all cases with a counterparty or on a venue that is subject 
by law to know your customer ("KYC") and anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing 
("AML/CTF") obligations in accordance with Financial Action Task Force standards or that has otherwise

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
implemented KYC and AML/CTF policies and procedures in accordance with Financial Action Task Force 
standards. 
 
The Execution Agent's fee is payable by way of deduction from the net proceeds of sale transactions and is 
not subject to the Payments Priorities. 
 
The Execution Agency Agreement provides that the Execution Agent shall only liable for losses caused by 
its negligence, fraud or wilful default, and there are a number of specific limitations on its liability, including 
a monetary cap on liability, which may serve to further limit or eliminate the recourse of the Issuer against 
the Execution Agent in circumstances where there has been an act or omission that has resulted in a loss 
to the Issuer and therefore a loss to Certificateholders. 
 
The Execution Agent may resign its appointment under the Execution Agency Agreement upon not less 
than 180 days' notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Trustee) given at any time after the first anniversary 
date of the Execution Agency Agreement. 
 
The Execution Agent may be removed upon 30 days written notice by the Issuer to the Execution Agent 
Agent, with a copy of such notice to the Trustee. 
 
The Issuer may also terminate the Execution Agency Agreement immediately for cause (as that term is 
defined in the Execution Agency Agreement). 
 
Following the resignation or removal of the Execution Agent, the Issuer may be obliged to make certain 
payments to the outgoing Execution Agent. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and except in relation to 
an immediate termination and subject to certain conditions, no termination of the appointment of, or 
resignation of, the Execution Agent shall be effective until such time as a successor to the Execution Agent 
has agreed in writing to assume all of the Execution Agent's duties and obligations under the Execution 
Agency Agreement. 
 
The Execution Agency Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement(s) 
 
Pursuant to an Authorised Participant Agreement, an authorised participant may be appointed as an 
Authorised Participant in relation to a particular Series of Certificates. The Final Terms relating to each 
Tranche of Certificates will specify which Authorised Participant(s) are appointed in respect of such Tranche. 
The Authorised Participant Agreement deals with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the 
Authorised Participant in relation to subscribing for Certificates. 
 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Authorised Participant Agreement an Authorised 
Participant may agree with the Issuer to subscribe for any Certificates of a Series. Under the terms of the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, the Issuer reserves the right to issue procedures relating to the manner 
of creating and issuing Certificates or redeeming Certificates, and the Authorised Participant agrees to 
comply with all such procedures as may be issued and notified to it from time to time to the extent the 
Authorised Participant wishes to apply for the creation or redemption of Certificates under the Authorised 
Participant Agreement. These procedures are expected to include a requirement for the Authorised 
Participant to submit applications in a specified form and to provide all necessary AML information to the 
Issuer (or the Administrator, acting on its behalf). 
 
The relevant issue price will be payable by way of the transfer of the Specified Cryptocurrency or Specified 
Cryptocurrencies to which such Series is linked to the Depositary Wallet of such Series maintained by the 
Custodian for the Issuer together with an amount of cash in respect of any applicable subscription fees. 
 
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Authorised Participants will agree to provide to the 
Issuer the contact details to be used from time to time for any notices or other communications to such 
Authorised Participant under any Transaction Document. 
 
The appointment of an Authorised Participant may be terminated: (i) upon such Authorised Participant giving

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
at least 30 calendar days’ written notice of such termination to the Issuer or (ii) upon the Issuer giving at 
least 30 calendar days’ written notice of such termination to such Authorised Participant. 
 
The Issuer has agreed in the Authorised Participant Agreement to indemnify each Authorised Participant 
against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Certificates and each Authorised 
Participant has agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the performance 
of its duties as Authorised Participant. 
 
The Authorised Participant Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Account Bank Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Account Bank Agreement, the Account Bank will upon the application of the Issuer open a 
demand deposit bank account for each Series of Certificates relating to that Series of Certificates. The 
Trustee will have sole authority to give instructions in relation to each Issuer Cash Account following the 
service of an Enforcement Notice in the manner described in the Account Bank Agreement. 
 
The Account Bank Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with New York law. 
 
Fees and Expenses Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the Fees and Expenses Agreement and in respect of each Series of Certificates, the Issuer will 
pay to the Issuer Adviser an amount equal to the Combined Fees (the "Issuer Adviser Fee") in connection 
with each Combined Fees Calculation Date (as it occurs from time to time) in respect of that Series. The 
Issuer Adviser Fee is payable by the Issuer to the Issuer Adviser for its services under the Advisory 
Agreement and the Fees and Expenses Agreement. In consideration of the payment by the Issuer of the 
Issuer Adviser Fee, the Issuer Adviser will agree to pay to the Issuer or to its order amounts equal to certain 
ongoing fees and expenses of the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The Issuer Adviser shall be 
under no obligation to pay or otherwise reimburse the Issuer in respect of any indemnity granted by the 
Issuer in favour of a Secured Creditor in respect of any Series of Certificates in connection with the 
Programme. 
 
The Fees and Expenses Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
General 
 
The Issuer was registered and incorporated with the name Invesco Digital Markets plc on 29 April 2021 as 
a public limited company with its registered seat in Jersey and is incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991 with registration number 135306. The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle 
for the purpose of issuing certificates which are backed by collateral. The registered office of the Issuer is 
at 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is £2 divided into 2 
ordinary shares of £1 each, of which £2 divided into 2 ordinary shares of £1 each have been issued. All of 
the issued shares are fully-paid up and are held to the order of Intertrust Fiscal Trustee a.r.l. (the "Share 
Trustee"), under the terms of a declaration of trust governed by the laws of Jersey (the "Declaration of 
Trust") dated 23 April 2021 under which the Share Trustee holds them on trust for charitable purposes. The 
Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than its fees for acting as Share 
Trustee) from its holding of the shares of the Issuer. The phone number of the Issuer is +44 1534 504000. 
 
Business 
 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing asset backed 
securities. 
 
So long as any of the Certificates remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent 
of the Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any business (other than 
acquiring and holding the Secured Property, issuing further Certificates and entering into related 
agreements and transactions as described in this Base Prospectus, or, inter alia, declare any dividends, 
have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including 
office premises or like facilities), consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed) or issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue on the date of 
this Base Prospectus). 
 
The Issuer commenced its operations on the date of issuance of the first tranche of certificates under this 
programme in November 2021. 
 
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of £2 representing the issued and paid-up share 
capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Certificates and any Secured 
Property and any other assets on which Certificates are secured. 
 
The Certificates are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Share Trustee or the Trustee. Furthermore, 
they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any other party. 
 
Save in respect of the fees generated in connection with Certificates, any related profits and the proceeds 
of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing the Issuer’s issued 
and paid-up share capital, the Issuer does not expect to accumulate any surpluses. 
 
Directors 
 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Name  
 
 
Principal Occupation 
 
Ellen Suzanne Chislett 
 
Director 
 
Ryan David Mendez 
 
Associate Director 
 
The business address of the Directors is the same as the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
Intertrust SPV Services Limited, a company incorporated in Jersey and having its registered office at 44 
Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG is the administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
company secretarial services, the provision of registered office facilities, the maintenance of registers of 
members, directors and secretary, the preparation and filing of statutory and annual returns, the preparation 
and filing of tax returns in Jersey, the preparation of accounts and the provision of directors to the Issuer. 
The appointment of the administrator may be terminated upon the expiry of at least three months' written 
notice of termination given by either party, or immediately by either party upon the occurrence of certain 
insolvency events occurring with respect to the other party or upon either party committing a material breach 
of the agreement which, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within the specified period. 
 
Financial Statements 
 
The Issuer has published its first financial statements in respect of the period from inception to 31 March 
2022. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). 
The Issuer will prepare interim financial statements to the extent required under applicable law.  
 
The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 March in each year. 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
 
The following information is incorporated by reference in this section: 
 
 The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the period ending 31 March 2022 together 
with an unqualified auditor's report (all pages). 
 
A cross-reference list is provided in paragraph 7 of the Section "GENERAL INFORMATION" on page 102. 
 
Issuer Taxation  
 
The following paragraphs summarise certain aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of holding Certificates. 
The statements are intended only as a general guide. 
 
Income tax 
 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as amended) 
(the “Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company a specified utility company, 
a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying in Jersey hydrocarbon 
oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will (except as noted below) be subject 
to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. Certificateholders (other than residents of Jersey) should not 
be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of Certificates. 
Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account 
of Jersey tax. 
 
Stamp Duty 
 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance or 
capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, ownership, 
redemption, sale or other disposal of Certificates. In the event of the death of an individual sole holder of 
Certificates, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the Certificates held may be payable on 
registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration which may be required in order to transfer or 
otherwise deal with Digital Securities held by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
 
Goods and services tax 
 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 
2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: (a) register as a taxable person pursuant 
to the GST Law; (b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or (c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax in 
Jersey in respect of any supply made to it.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
 
The United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in 
the United States known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA, a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of United States source income and certain payments 
of proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to United States source income, unless the Issuer 
complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other information about, 
direct and indirect United States holders of Digital Securities issued by the Issuer to the United States 
Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A 
holder of Certificates issued by the Issuer that fails to provide the required information to the Issuer may be 
subject to the 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to 
United States sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem any Certificates held by such holder. On 
13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in respect 
of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation 
(Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of such 
withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such obligations. If the 
Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all Certificates 
issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer may 
compulsorily redeem some or all of the Certificates held by one or more holders and/or may reduce the 
redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Certificates. 
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) 
 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standards (“CRS”) to address the issue 
of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions obtain from reporting financial 
institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information 
with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due 
diligence and reporting procedures. Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) 
(International Tax Compliance) (Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the 
Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. 
Jersey has committed to a common implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of 
information in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed 
to implement the new global standard. Security Holders may be required to provide additional information 
to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested 
information may subject an investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory 
redemption of Certificates. 
 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting: The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its 
interpretation in relation to the Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. 
In particular, both the level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going 
global Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the 
Issuer. Additionally, the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its 
assets and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. Both 
could significantly affect returns to investors.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE  
 
Intertrust Trust Corporation Limited ("ITL") is registered in England and Wales under company number 
04409492. ITL acts as both note and security trustee for debt capital market instruments ranging from 
conventional debt structures, through to asset finance, structured finance and ABS transactions.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN  
 
The Issuer's Underlying Cryptoassets relating to each Series will be held on one or more Depositary Wallets 
held with the Custodian, Zodia Custody Limited ("Zodia"), a private company limited by shares and 
registered in England and Wales (Company Number 12418687) having its principal place of business in 
London, England. Zodia is an indirect subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. Northern Trust is a minority 
shareholder in Zodia. The core business of Zodia is to act as a custodian wallet provider, and in particular 
to (i) generate and safeguard private keys, and (ii) safeguard cryptoassets on behalf of its clients which are 
secured by the private keys. Zodia is custodian wallet provider and is accordingly registered with the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") with Firm Reference Number 928347 under the Money 
Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (the "MLR") in respect of its activities in cryptoassets. For clarity, Zodia’s registration with the 
FCA as at the date of this Base Prospectus is in respect of obligations under the MLR only. Zodia does not 
have regulatory authorisation to carry out regulated activity under the United Kingdom Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT  
 
Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Ireland) Limited has been appointed by the 
Issuer to act as administrator, registrar and transfer agent under the terms of the Administration Agreement. 
 
The Administrator is a private limited liability company incorporated in Ireland on 15 June 1990 and is an 
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Northern Trust Corporation. Northern Trust Corporation and its 
subsidiaries comprise the Northern Trust Group, one of the world’s leading providers of global custody and 
administration services to institutional and personal investors. As at 30 June 2022, the Northern Trust 
Group’s assets under custody/administration totalled in excess of US$13.7 trillion. The principal business 
activity of the Administrator is the administration of collective investment schemes. 
 
The duties and functions of the Administrator include, inter alia, the implementation of the Per Certificate 
Entitlement, assisting with the preparation of material required to produce of the Issuer’s books and 
accounts, liaising with the auditors in relation to the audit of the financial statements of the Issuer and the 
provision of certain registration and transfer agency services in respect of Certificates. 
 
The Administrator is not involved directly or indirectly with the business affairs, organisation, sponsorship or 
management of the Issuer and is not responsible for the preparation of this document other than the 
preparation of the above description and accepts no responsibility or liability for any information contained 
in this document except disclosures relating to it. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Administrator is not aware of any conflicts of interest in respect 
of its appointment as administrator to the Issuer. If a conflict of interest arises, the Administrator will ensure 
it is addressed in accordance with the Administration Agreement.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CERTIFICATES SETTLEMENT AGENT  
 
The Northern Trust Company has been appointed by the Issuer to act as certificates settlement agent under 
the terms of the Settlement Services Agreement. 
 
The Certificates Settlement Agent is a company established under the laws of the State of Illinois in the 
United States of America, whose principal place of business in England and Wales is at 50 Bank Street, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5NT 
 
The duties and functions of the Certificates Settlement Agent include the provision of administrative services 
in respect of subscriptions and redemptions of Certificates. In this function, the Certificates Settlement 
Agent will establish for the benefit of the Issuer an account with Euroclear for the purposes of facilitating the 
creation and redemption of the Certificates by Authorised Participants and will issue instructions to the 
common depositary and Euroclear in connection with subscriptions and redemptions. 
 
The Certificates Settlement Agent is not involved directly or indirectly with the business affairs, organisation, 
sponsorship or management of the Issuer and is not responsible for the preparation of this document other 
than the preparation of the above description and accepts no responsibility or liability for any information 
contained in this document except disclosures relating to it. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Certificates Settlement Agent is not aware of any conflicts of 
interest in respect of its appointment as certificates settlement agent to the Issuer. If a conflict of interest 
arises, the Certificates Settlement Agent will ensure it is addressed in accordance with the Certificates 
Settlement Agreement.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EXECUTION AGENT  
 
CoinShares Capital Markets (Jersey) Limited has been appointed by the Issuer to act as Execution Agent 
under the terms of the Execution Agency Agreement. 
 
The Execution Agent is a company incorporated under the laws of Jersey and is an indirect wholly owned 
subsidiary of CoinShares International Limited. 
 
The duties and functions of the Execution Agent include, inter alia, the sale of Specified Cryptocurrency in 
exchange for cash in circumstances in which such sale (and a corresponding cash redemption) is required 
by the Conditions of the Certificates. Furthermore, the Execution Agent will sell, for cash, on behalf of the 
Issuer, the amount of Specified Cryptocurrency representing the Combined Fees from time to time.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE LISTING AGENT  
 
ICF BANK AG is a securities trading bank based in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and licensed and regulated 
by BaFin to conduct inter alia proprietary trading in accordance with sec. 1 para. 1a sentence 2 no. 4 
German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) and principal brokerage services in accordance with sec. 1 
para. 1 sentence 2 no. 4 German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz). 
 
ICF BANK AG is incorporated and operates under the laws of Germany and maintains its principal place of 
business in Germany. ICF BANK AG’s address and registered office is at Kaiserstraße 1, 60311 Frankfurt 
am Main and it is registered with the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am 
Main under HRB 43755. The website is https://www.icfbank.de and the phone number is +49 69 92877-0. 
The LEI of ICF BANK AG is 529900E89HA1I45HB613. 
 
ICF BANK AG will act as listing agent pursuant to section 32 para. 2 Sentence 1 German Stock Exchange 
Act (Börsengesetz), section 45 Stock Exchange Rules of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börsenordnung 
der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
TAXATION WARNING  
 
THE TAX LAWS OF THE INVESTOR’S STATE AND OF THE ISSUER’S STATE OF INCORPORATION 
MIGHT HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE CERTIFICATES. PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS OF THE CERTIFICATES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE 
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF THE CERTIFICATES AND 
RECEIVING DELIVERY AMOUNTS, CASH AMOUNTS AND/OR OTHER AMOUNTS UNDER THE 
CERTIFICATES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS 
OF JERSEY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS. 
 
THE FOLLOWING IS A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO 
THE CERTIFICATES IN JERSEY. IT DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE CERTIFICATES WHETHER IN JERSEY OR ELSEWHERE. 
THIS SUMMARY IS BASED UPON THE LAW AS IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY CHANGE IN LAW THAT MAY TAKE EFFECT AFTER SUCH 
DATE. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THIS SECTION IS LIMITED TO TAXATION ISSUES, 
AND PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT APPLY ANY INFORMATION SET OUT BELOW TO 
OTHER AREAS, INCLUDING (BUT NOT LIMITED TO) THE LEGALITY OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING 
THE CERTIFICATES. 
 
TAXATION IN JERSEY 
 
The following paragraphs summarise certain aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of holding Certificates 
and are intended to be viewed as a general guide. 
 
Income tax 
 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as amended) 
(the "Jersey Income Tax Law") but will (except as noted below) be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate 
of 0 per cent (a "zero tax rating"). 
For so long as the Issuer holds a zero tax rating, no withholding in respect of Jersey taxation will be required 
on payments to any holder of Certificates who is not Jersey resident. 
 
Stamp Duty 
 
Under current Jersey law, there are no capital gains, capital transfer, gift, wealth or inheritance taxes or any 
death or estate duties. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue or transfer of Certificates. On the 
death of an individual holder of Certificates (whether or not such individual was resident in Jersey), duty at 
rates of up to 0.75 per cent of the value of the relevant Certificates may be payable on the registration of 
Jersey probate or letters of administration. 
 
Goods and services tax 
 
Pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007 (the "2007 Law"), tax at a rate which is currently 
5% applies to the supply of retail goods and services. Unless the relevant supplier or recipient of such goods 
and services is registered as an "international services entity". 
 
The Issuer is an international services entity within the meaning of the 2007 Law, having satisfied the 
requirements of the Goods and Services Tax (International Services Entities) (Jersey) Regulations 2008, as 
amended (the ISE Regulations) and, as long as it continues to be such an entity, a supply of goods or of a 
service made by or to the Issuer shall not be a taxable supply for the purposes of the 2007 Law. 
Information Reporting 
 
Information relating to the Certificates, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be provided 
to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and transparency 
regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the Certificates, amounts 
paid or credited with respect to the Certificates, details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Certificates

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
and information and documents in connection with transactions relating to the Certificates. In certain 
circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other 
countries.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
OFFERS 
 
Certificates purchased directly from the Issuer in the primary market can only be purchased by Authorised 
Participants and only by the Authorised Participant transferring the relevant Specified Cryptocurrency to 
the Depositary Wallet of the Issuer held by the Custodian. An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any 
Certificates from an Authorised Participant will do so, and offers and sales of the Certificates to an investor 
by an Authorised Participant or other entities will be made, in accordance with any terms and other 
arrangements in place between such Authorised Participant and such investor including as to price, 
allocations and settlement arrangements. Neither the Issuer nor the Issuer Adviser will be a party to any 
such arrangements with investors and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not 
contain such information and, in such case, an investor must obtain such information from the relevant 
Authorised Participant.  
 
Further, the Certificates may also be offered by the Issuer or other financial intermediaries as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Investors should however in any case note the following: 
 
Amount of the offer: The number of Certificates subject to the offer will be determined on the basis of the 
demand for the Certificates and prevailing market conditions and be published as set out in the Final 
Terms, provided that the aggregate number of all Certificates of any and all Series outstanding from time 
to time shall not in any event exceed the Programme Limit. In addition, the aggregate number of 
Certificates in a particular Series which are outstanding at any one time will not exceed the Maximum 
Issue Size for that Series. 
 
Offer Price: The offer price per Certificate will be equal to the Issue Price specified in the Final Terms as 
of the Initial Issue Date or Issue Date (as the case may be), subject to any applicable fees and 
commissions of the person offering such Certificate. Thereafter the offer price may be adjusted in 
accordance with market conditions. 
 
Offer Period: Certificates may be offered to an investor at any time between the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of a Series of Certificates and the date falling 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Publication of a Supplement: If the Issuer publishes a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation which relates to the Issuer or the Certificates, investors who have 
already agreed to purchase Certificates before the supplement is published shall have the right to withdraw 
their acceptances by informing the relevant distributor in writing within 2 working days (or such other longer 
period as may mandatorily apply in the relevant country) of publication of the supplement. The terms and 
conditions of the Certificates and the terms on which they are offered and issued will be subject to the 
provisions of any such supplement.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Certificates of a particular Series may be sold from time to time to any one or more authorised participants 
(each an "Authorised Participant") under the terms of an authorised participant agreement (each an 
"Authorised Participant Agreement") and made between, amongst others, the Issuer and each 
Authorised Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreement will, amongst other things, set out the 
issuance process in respect of the Certificates. Each Authorised Participant Agreement will, amongst other 
things, set out the subscription procedures for each Series and any applicable selling restrictions. 
Certificates sold to Authorised Participants will be subject to a minimum subscription amount of Underlying 
Cryptoassets having a value of at least US$250,000. Additional persons may, from time to time, become 
Authorised Participants in connection with the Programme provided that they satisfy the requirements of the 
definition of Authorised Participant set out in the Conditions of the Certificates. Further details on the 
Authorised Participant Agreement is provided in the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Description of 
the Transaction Documents". 
 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions – EEA 
 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Authorised Participant has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Certificates to the public in that Member State: 
 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to any Series of Certificates specify that an offer of those Certificates 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
(a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Certificates which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Final Terms, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Certificates to the public" in relation to any 
Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Certificates, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Certificates which are the subject of the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions - United Kingdom 
 
Each Authorised Participant has further represented, warranted and agreed that: 
 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: 
 
in relation to any Certificates having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its 
business; and 
 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates other than to 
persons: 
 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
 
where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
Financial promotion: 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
General compliance: 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Germany 
 
Each Authorised Participant has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Authorised

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Certificates 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
above), the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) or any other laws applicable in 
the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
 
United States of America 
 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to US tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. Each of the Authorised Participants has agreed 
that, except as permitted by the Authorised Participant Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the 
Certificates within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. 
 
General 
 
Each Authorised Participant will in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement represent, warrant and 
agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Certificates or possesses, distributes or 
publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer and the Authorised Participants to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Certificates or possess, distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Series of Certificates) or in a supplement to, or update of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
For Investors outside of the UK and Spain 
 
The Certificates are suitable only for investors who: 
 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Certificates, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Certificates (including, without limitation, the accounting, legal, 
regulatory, financial and tax implications for them of such an investment) and the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Certificates and the impact the Certificates will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Certificates; 
 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Certificates and be familiar with the behaviour of the market 
of the Underlying Assets (cryptocurrencies) relating to a particular Series of Certificates and any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
(e) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the Certificates are a suitable investment for it, it 
should consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the 
Certificates.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of 
the Issuer passed on 2 November 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of Certificates. 
 
2. 
Certificates of a Series may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
price and amount of Certificates of a Series to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participant(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
 
3. 
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and the Certificates will not be rated. 
 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
 
5. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 March 2022, being the date of the last audited financial statements of the Issuer. 
 
6. 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection in electronic form at 
https://etf.invesco.com/library/ (by filtering for "Invesco Digital Markets" or for the category the 
relevant document belongs to) and during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Issuer at 44 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG and the office for the time being of the Issuer 
Adviser (being at the date hereof Perpetual Park Perpetual Park Drive, Henley-on-Thames, 
Oxfordshire, RG9 1HH, United Kingdom) for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, in 
each case free of charge: 
 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus (including any supplement to this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
the documents from which information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus; 
(c) 
the memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
the Final Terms.  
 
7. 
The following information is incorporated by reference into the section “DESCRIPTION OF THE 
ISSUER” on page 87 pursuant to Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation: 
 
 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the period ending 31 March 
2022 together with an unqualified auditor's report (all pages) (available at 
https://etf.invesco.com/sites/default/files/documents/2022.03.31%20IDM%20plc%20FS
%20with%20Invesco%20Cover%20-%20signed.pdf or at https://etf.invesco.com/library/ 
by filtering for "Invesco Digital Markets" or "financial statements") 
 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer were filed with the Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(“BaFin”) 
and 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://etf.invesco.com/library/. 
 
8. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of 
Certificates. 
 
9. 
KPMG Channel Islands Limited, PO Box 453, 37 Esplanade, St. Helier JE4 8WQ, Jersey, Channel 
Islands, have been appointed as auditors with effect from 5 November 2021. KPMG Channel 
Islands Limited have no material interest in the Issuer. KPMG Channel Islands Limited is authorised 
under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 to act as auditor for Jersey companies. Whereas the 
partners of KPMG Channel Islands Limited are members of professional associations (e.g. the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales), KPMG Channel Islands Limited as a firm 
is not a member of any professional association.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
10. 
The Issuer may at any time make arrangements with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
other clearing and settlement systems in any jurisdictions to enable settlements in respect of the 
Certificates to take place (whether through a nominee or otherwise) in such clearing and settlement 
systems in addition to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
11. 
The appropriate International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Certificates of each 
Series or Tranche (together with any further appropriate information) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
12. 
In addition to the applications already described in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may, on or 
after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more further certificates of 
approval under Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to be issued by BaFin to the competent 
authority in any Member State. 
 
13. 
Information on the past and the future performance and volatility of the CoinShares Bitcoin Hourly 
Reference Rate can be found at The CoinShares Group website (www.coinshares.com) and on 
Compass Financial Technologies website (www.compassft.com). 
 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300U5IJTRV61ZI771. 
 
15. 
The websites listed in this Base Prospectus do not form part of, and shall not be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus save as specified otherwise under no 7 of 
this section (General Information). 
 
16. 
The Certificates are being treated by the Issuer for the purposes of Annexes 14 and 19 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended, as having a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
DATA PROTECTION 
 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making an investment in the Issuer and the associated 
interactions with the Issuer and its affiliates and delegates (including completing any documentation relating 
to an investment in the Certificates, and including the recording of electronic communications or phone calls 
where applicable), or by virtue of providing the Issuer with personal information on individuals connected 
with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, 
clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals will be providing the Issuer and its affiliates and 
delegates with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data 
Protection Legislation. ("Data Protection Legislation" means applicable data protection legislation 
including (where applicable) the EU data protection regime introduced by the General Data Protection 
Regulation (Regulation 2016/679)). 
 
The Issuer has prepared a Privacy Notice ("PN") outlining the Issuer's data protection obligations and the 
data protection rights of individuals under the Data Protection Legislation. The full PN is available on our 
website etf.invesco.com. 
 
The PN contains information on the following matters in relation to data protection: 
 
 
that investors will provide the Issuer with certain personal information which constitutes personal 
data within the meaning of the Data Protection Legislation; 
 
 
that the Issuer shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and the fact that 
affiliates, delegates and service providers may act as data processors; 
 
 
a description of the lawful purposes for which the personal data may be used, namely (i) where 
this is necessary for the performance of the contract to purchase Certificates issued by the Issuer; 
(ii) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Issuer is subject; 
and/or (iii) where this is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Issuer or a 
third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by the individual's interests, 
fundamental rights or freedoms; 
 
 
details on the transmission of personal data, including (if applicable) to entities located outside the 
UK or EEA; 
 
 
details of data protection measures taken by the Issuer; 
 
 
an outline of the various data protection rights of individuals as data subjects under the Data 
Protection Legislation; 
 
 
information on the Issuer 's policy for retention of personal data; and 
 
 
contact details for further information on data protection matters. 
 
Given the specific purposes for which the Issuer envisages using personal data, under the provisions of the 
Data Protection Legislation, it is not anticipated that individual consent will be required for such use. 
However, as outlined in the PN, individuals have the right to object to the processing of their data where the 
Issuer has considered this to be necessary for the purposes of its or a third party's legitimate interests. 
 
Prospective investors should also note that the Administrator and its affiliates may act as joint controllers in 
respect of their personal data. For example this applies where the Administrator and its affiliates process 
personal data in connection with the screening of investors, facilitating electronic dealings, and compliance 
with anti-money laundering and prevention of terrorist financing rules. The Administrator's data protection 
notice is available on their website http://www.northerntrust.com/privacy, this includes guidance about how 
to contact the administrator to exercise data subject rights requests with respect to their processing 
activities. 
The 
Administrator's 
data 
protection 
notice 
is 
available 
on 
their 
website 
http://www.northerntrust.com/privacy, which includes guidance about how to contact the Administrator to 
exercise data subject rights requests with respect to their processing activities.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Invesco Digital Markets plc 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
 
 
 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trust Corporation Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane 
London, EC2N 2AX 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Channel Islands Limited 
37 Esplanade  
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8WQ 
 
 
ISSUER ADVISOR 
Invesco Asset Management Limited 
Perpetual Park Perpetual 
Park Drive 
Henley-on-Thames 
Oxfordshire 
RG9 1HH 
United Kingdom 
ACCOUNT BANK 
The Northern Trust International 
Banking Corporation 
3 Second Street at Harbourside 
Suite 1401 
Jersey City, NJ 07311 
 
 
ADMINISTRATOR AND REGISTRAR 
Northern Trust International Fund 
Administration Services (Ireland) Limited 
George's Court 
54-62 Townsend Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ICSD PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
EXECUTION AGENT 
CoinShares Capital Markets  
(Jersey) Limited 
2nd Floor, 2 Hill Street, Grenville Street, 
St. Helier, Jersey JE2 4UA 
CUSTODIAN 
Zodia Custody Limited 
Thomas House 
84 Eccleston Square 
Pimlico 
London SW1V 1PX 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
 
 
To the Issuer Adviser 
as to English law: 
Fieldfisher LLP 
Riverbank House 
2 Swan Lane 
London, EC4R 3TT 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer Adviser 
as to German law:  
Allen & Overy LLP 
Haus am OpernTurm | 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
To the Issuer 
as to Jersey law: 
Ogier (Jersey) LLP 
44 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG