--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 28 April 2023 
 
Investor AB  
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
€5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), Investor AB (publ) (“Investor”, the “Issuer” or the “Company”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue debt securities (the “Notes”). The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving 
this Prospectus, the CSSF also assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transaction contemplated by this Prospectus or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities.  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of twelve months from the date 
of approval by the CSSF of this Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Market”). References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all 
related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market and have been admitted to the Official List. The Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended 
or superseded, “MiFID II”). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and the Programme are each rated Aa3 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) and AA- by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus have been issued by 
Moody’s and S&P, each of which is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Further information relating to the registration of rating agencies under the CRA Regulation can be found on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.  
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) of Notes in bearer form will initially be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”), or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note”). Notes in registered 
form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking SA. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) (the “Common Depositary”). Global Notes which are not 
issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Certificates may be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with the Common 
Depositary. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom (the “UK”) in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the 
“UK Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the Notes). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from (and including) 28 April 2023 to (and including) 28 
April 2024. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply 
following the expiry of that period. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
 
SEB

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms 
is in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
Neither the Arranger nor Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of 
this Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or accepts any responsibility for any 
act or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer(s)) in connection with the issue 
and offering of any Notes. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall in any circumstances create any implication that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably 
likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date of this 
Prospectus. 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable) from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant 
State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by final terms 
in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation 
(as applicable) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation 
(as applicable), in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and, in relation to any Series of Notes, should 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). Copies of the Final Terms will 
be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Paying Agent, and, in the 
case of Notes listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market, the applicable Final Terms will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA or the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), the minimum 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act”), or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes include Notes 
in bearer form that are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as defined 
in the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder). The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each 
Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. Neither 
this Prospectus nor any document incorporated by reference nor any other financial statements are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements 
or any document incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Investors generally purchase Notes as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it

--- Page 4 ---
4 
has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” outlining the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” outlining the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended, to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended, to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail

--- Page 5 ---
5 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules and regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “US$” and “US 
dollars” are to United States dollars, to “EUR” are to euro and to “SEK” are to Swedish kronor. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Interest payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates, including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) is provided by 
the European Money Markets Institute. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such 
a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (the “Register”). As of the date of this Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute as administrator of EURIBOR appears on the Register. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any persons acting on behalf of any stabilising Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any 
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, 
pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with this offering.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Table of Contents 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS  ..................................................................................................................................................... 13 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .................................................................................................. 23 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 24 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .............................................................................................................................. 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................... 28 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............................. 53 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................... 59 
INVESTOR  ............................................................................................................................................................. 60 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................................. 73 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................. 75 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................................... 79 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................... 88

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer 
Investor AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer 
549300VEBQPHRZBKUX38 
Website of the Issuer 
https://www.investorab.com/ 
Programme Amount 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Trustee 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Registrar, 
Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in US dollars, Australian dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, New Zealand dollars, 
Norwegian kroner, Sterling, Swedish Kronor, Swiss francs or 
Japanese yen or in other currencies if the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers so agree. 
Denomination 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA or the UK in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or 
the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), the minimum 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other

--- Page 9 ---
9 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Sterling Notes) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA will have 
a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”), 
in 
bearer 
form 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered 
Notes 
(“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”), or in registered form only 
(“Registered Notes”). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made 
available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after 
their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more 
than one year and are being issued in compliance with the D 
Rules (as defined in “General Description of the Programme — 
Selling Restrictions”), otherwise such Tranche will be 
represented by a Permanent Global Note. Registered Notes will 
be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes 
of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes that are 
registered in the name of a nominee for one or more clearing 
systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes may have any maturity from one month to 
perpetuity. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. The Issue Price for each 
Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms document (the 
“Final Terms”).  
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”), on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will 
be completed in the Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between

--- Page 10 ---
10 
the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN, the Global Note will be delivered to a 
Common 
Safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a CGN, the Global Note representing 
Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global 
Notes or Certificates may also be deposited with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited 
to one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the 
name of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing 
systems. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each 
Series by reference to EURIBOR (or such other Benchmark as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) as adjusted for any 
applicable Margin. Interest periods will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer will not issue Notes under the Programme that 
reference LIBOR. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions) appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 5(j). 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Sweden, subject to customary exceptions, all as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”. 
Status of Notes 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer as described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes — Status”. 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will contain a Negative Pledge as described in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes — Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default 
The Notes will contain a cross default provision as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Events of Default”. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and include 
commercial risks, finance risks and liquidity and financing risks. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include the fact that the Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors, certain risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Ratings  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and the Programme 
are each rated Aa3 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(“Moody’s”) and AA- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”). Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the Final 
Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as ratings 
assigned to the Programme. 
 
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus have been 
issued by Moody’s and S&P, each of which is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing, approval and admission to 
trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list the Notes issued under 
the Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading 
on the Market for listed securities or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may also be unlisted. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. 
Selling Restrictions 
The United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom 
of Sweden, Japan, Singapore and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with a particular issue of Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Category 2 selling restrictions will apply for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
section 4701 of the U.S. internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended) (the “D Rules”), unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Notes are issued in compliance with US Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
section 4701 of the U.S. internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) the Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this 
Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the risks highlighted below 
could have a material adverse effect on Investor’s business, operations, financial condition or prospects, which, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on the amount of principal and interest which investors will receive in 
respect of the Notes and which in other ways affect Investor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme 
and the Notes. In addition, each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes 
or the rights of investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks Investor faces. Investor has 
described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may be additional risks 
that Investor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and any of these risks could 
have the effects set forth above. 
1 
Risk factors which may affect Investor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme  
The following represent the material risk factors which may affect Investor’s ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of Notes issued under the Programme because they may lead to a decrease in Investor’s net profit or net assets thus 
adversely affecting Investor’s creditworthiness and may ultimately result in the bankruptcy of Investor. 
A. Risks related to Investor’s Business Activities and Industry 
Commercial risks 
Investor’s business activities are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Maintaining long-term ownership in 
listed companies and a flow of investments and divestments in other equity activities involves commercial risks, 
such as having a high exposure to a certain industry or an individual holding, changed market conditions for finding 
attractive investment candidates, or barriers that arise and prevent exits from a holding at the chosen time. For 
instance, a certain industry sector in which Investor has significant investments may experience a decrease in 
demand.  
Investor’s subsidiaries operate in sectors where changes in legislation, regulation or government policy could 
adversely affect the subsidiaries’ business and results.  
Investor’s financial investments compete across a diverse range of geographic, product and services markets and are 
naturally exposed to commercial risks. Their revenue and growth potential are directly linked to the global economic 
situation. 
All of these risks could have a severe impact on the creditworthiness of Investor. 
Technology shift risk 
The pace of technological change and digital transformation is rapid. Being at the forefront of research and 
development and balancing the transition from traditional to new technology is critical for all portfolio companies 
to become or remain best-in-class. This risk is increasingly material and challenging for all businesses and managed 
by a continuous focus on agile and flexible business models, product development, customer need analysis, market 
analysis and cost efficiency.  
The risk of Investor’s portfolio companies not adapting quickly enough to a shift in technology could have a severe 
impact on the business and financial position of Investor.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Political and geopolitical risk  
Political and geopolitical uncertainty has implications on Investor’s portfolio companies’ businesses and strategies. 
Increased international trade restrictions may lead to deglobalisation and impact the business environment in which 
Investor’s portfolio companies operate. Investor works proactively to assess political and geopolitical risks and how 
such risks may affect Investor’s portfolio companies’ businesses.  
EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related to demographic and 
political trends. Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the resulting conflict has caused significant 
instability in global financial markets and has increased the threat of cyberattacks, nuclear incidents, environmental 
damage and further escalation of geopolitical tensions. The invasion has also led to multiple countries imposing 
economic sanctions and enhanced export controls on the activities of certain individuals and Russian entities, and to 
numerous market participants voluntarily ceasing, suspending or reducing business with counterparties connected 
to Russia. Global and local macroeconomic impacts including increased inflationary pressures, volatility in the price 
and supply of energy and other commodities, disruption to supply chains, economic pressure caused by movement 
of displaced persons and significant uncertainty in the commercial, legal and political environment are likely to 
further adversely impact individuals and businesses. 
These effects, in turn, may lead to changes in economic or regulatory policy. Adverse impacts could also include 
increased operating costs (as a result of increased energy and commodity prices, among other things) and foreign 
exchange risk, increased funding costs or reduced access to credit, reductions in revenue and valuations of 
investments and adverse impacts on operating margins. All of the foregoing developments may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.  
Political and geopolitical risk could have a negative impact on the business and financial position of Investor, and 
the nature and duration of any such impact are difficult to predict, but could be both severe and long-lasting. 
Sustainability risks 
Investor is exposed to sustainability risks in all parts of its business operations. Sustainability risks imply that 
unethical or unsustainable behaviour leads to negative impact on Investor or Investor’s stakeholders. Material 
sustainability risks within the Group are identified, analysed and mitigated through the annual enterprise risk 
assessment process, the materiality assessment, as well as within daily operations. Most of the risks are derived from 
operations in Investor’s holdings. Subsidiaries operating in emerging markets have an increased focus on 
sustainability-related risks such as the risk of bribery and corruption, environmental risks and risks relating to poor 
working conditions. Investor has clear expectations that all holding companies always act responsibly and ethically, 
and it is the responsibility of each holding and its management to analyse and take systematic action to reduce these 
risks.  
Indirect risks related to environmental factors continue to grow in importance at the same time as regulatory activity 
and reporting requirements are increasing. On 21 April 2021, the EU Commission presented a draft Directive on 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting (the “CSRD"), which legislation is intended to significantly expand the existing 
reporting obligations for in-scope undertakings. The CSRD was adopted at the end of 2022 and entered into force 
on 5 January 2023. The CSRD imposes extensive sustainability diligence and reporting requirements on a large 
number of EU and non-EU entities, which will apply from 2025 (in respect of the 2024 financial year) with a staged 
application. Investor is in scope for CSRD reporting obligations as from the 2024 financial year and are preparing 
for these reporting requirements. The new CSRD reporting obligations may involve additional costs or compliance 
burdens for Investor. Should Investor’s internal procedures prove not to be sufficient to comply with the new CSRD 
requirements, this could have an adverse effect on the reputation, the business and financial position of Investor. 
Environmental related risks may further amplify or otherwise influence most traditional risk types, such as 
reputational and market risk for Investor’s portfolio companies. Investor engages with, and seeks commitments 
from, its portfolio companies to continue to mitigate their impact on the environment and transition to a low carbon

--- Page 15 ---
15 
economy, for example, by developing climate strategies and committing to reduce their carbon emissions in line 
with the Paris Climate Agreement. 
Sustainability risks could have a severe impact on Investor’s business and financial position.  
Cyber and information security risk 
Cyber and information security risk is an increasingly material risk that continuously evolves. Security incidents, 
cyber-attacks, hacking or data leakage may have a direct impact on the operations of Investor and its portfolio 
companies. Investor and its portfolio companies have implemented procedures and continuity plans to identify, 
protect, detect, recover and respond to cyber or information security incidents. Investor regularly assesses its risk 
profile and invests continuously to protect its information systems and improve its recovery plans. 
The threat to cyber and information security is a material risk and any cyber or information security breach or 
incident could have a severe impact on Investor’s business and financial position. 
B. Risks related to Investor’s Financial Situation and Investments 
Price risks 
Share price risk is the major risk for Investor. The value of Investor’s securities will change due to changes in share 
prices, exchange rates or interest rates. In relation to Investor’s assets, the major part of the price risk exposure is 
concentrated in its holding of listed companies (share price risks). It should be noted that Investor, as an investment 
company, may be particularly affected by the fluctuation of share prices as such fluctuation may have a significant 
effect on the value of a material part of Investor’s assets thus indirectly affecting the value and creditworthiness of 
Investor, which could severely affect the financial position and creditworthiness of Investor. 
Financial risks 
The main financial risks that the Group is exposed to are market risks. These are, primarily, risks associated with 
fluctuations in share prices, but also interest rate risks and foreign exchange rate risks. Other risks that arise in the 
Group’s operations include liquidity risks, financing risks, credit risks and operational risks. Activities to manage 
and monitor financial risks in the business are carried out through the Audit and Risk Committee, which is a 
subcommittee to Investor’s Board of Directors. All these risks could severely affect the financial position and 
creditworthiness of Investor. 
The Issuer’s businesses and performance can be negatively affected by actual or perceived global economic 
and financial market conditions 
The global financial markets continue to experience significant volatility related to geopolitical tensions as an effect 
of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and following sanctions as well as concerns about changes in global demand 
reflecting an increasing lack of confidence among consumers, companies and governments. Trade and technology-
related tensions have increased, and some industries face structural challenges. In addition, sharply rising inflation 
and interest rates, soaring energy prices, continued disruptions in global supply chains, and the lingering pandemic 
impact the global economy, financial markets and social groups. The sustainability of and strength of the recovery 
remains uncertain and depends on the development of geopolitical tensions and initiatives by business and 
governments.  
Uncertainties on interventions by governments and other nongovernmental bodies, continue creating volatility on 
capital and credit markets around the world and may be subject to intermittent and prolonged disruptions. Any 
change or exit of a country within the Eurozone could have a direct impact on Investor’s assets in EUR. The outlook 
for the global economy over the near to medium terms remains challenging. 
The Group’s businesses and performance are influenced by local and global economic conditions and perceptions 
of those conditions and future economic prospects. Changes in economic conditions could have a negative impact 
on Investor’s business and financial position.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Listed Companies 
Listed companies account for approximately 70 per cent. of Investor’s total assets. Investor’s listed companies are 
continuously monitored and analysed by Investor. Through committed ownership, which is exercised through board 
representation and other ways, Investor influences the strategy and decisions of its listed companies. Weakening 
trends in the global markets could have a direct effect on the businesses which make up Investor’s listed companies 
and this could result in lower share prices. However, in line with Investor’s long-term ownership strategy, a price 
fall does not necessarily lead to any action to reduce the exposure. Long-term commitments lay the groundwork for 
Investor’s strategic measures. For the companies listed in SEK, there is no direct currency risk that affects Investor’s 
balance sheet, although Investor is indirectly exposed to currency risks in holdings which have international 
operations or have foreign currency as their pricing currency (or effective currency). For investments listed in foreign 
currencies, Investor has a direct currency exposure. An increased SEK-rate may negatively affect the value of 
Investor’s assets in foreign investments. This risk also impacts Investor’s balance sheet and income statement, which 
has an indirect effect on the valuation of the shares. 
To support transactions in listed companies and to acquire market intelligence, Investor’s business requires a certain 
trading function. Investor has a limited trading operation, amounting to less than a half of one per cent. of Investor’s 
total assets, which conducts short-term equity trading and deals in equity derivatives. Trading is exposed to share 
price risk and foreign exchange rate risks. The price risk in this activity is currently measured and monitored in terms 
of cash delta. Limits of portfolio’s gross and net exposure, single position exposure and liquidity are measured daily. 
Currency risks in the trading business are lowered through currency swap contracts at the portfolio level. It should 
be noted that such swap counterparties may, even though they may have a strong rating today, in fact prove to be 
rather weak counterparties. Accordingly, Investor’s portfolio management business may contain major risks due to 
exposure to the relevant counterparties. If such counterparty were to default under its obligations towards Investor, 
it could have major impact on Investor’s trading operation. 
EQT 
Investor’s investment in EQT AB is listed and as such exposed to share price risk. Investor’s investments in the EQT 
funds are partly exposed to share price risk, as some holdings in the funds are listed. The total EQT investment 
account for approximately 10 per cent. of Investor’s total assets. In addition to share price risks, the EQT investments 
are also exposed to foreign exchange rate risks in investments made in foreign companies. Investor decides on capital 
commitments in the EQT funds, as a limited partner in each EQT fund and has no influence on the activities within 
the EQT funds. Additionally, being a sponsor of EQT, Investor receives carried interest and fee surplus on top of the 
returns from the limited partnership. 
Patricia Industries: Subsidiaries 
Investor’s investments in its operating subsidiaries, via Patricia Industries, account for approximately 19 per cent. 
of its total assets. Investor takes an active role, through board participation, in its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries operating 
within the health sector, in particular, are exposed to legislative measures in different countries, which could result 
in changes in tariffs, import quotas or taxation that could adversely affect the subsidiaries’ turnover and operating 
profit. Supply of, use of and payment for products is influenced by world economic conditions which could place 
increased pressure on demand and pricing, adversely impacting the ability of Investor’s subsidiaries to deliver 
revenue and margin growth. As such, the prosperity of Investor’s subsidiaries is linked to general economic 
conditions.  
Investor is both directly and indirectly exposed to foreign exchange rate risks of its operating subsidiaries due to 
their international operations. To reduce currency exposure, Investor targets primarily to neutralise net investments 
in foreign currencies with loans in the same currency. The currency hedging is evaluated on a case by case basis. It 
should however be noted that the credit crisis has shown that certain financial counterparties, such as currency hedge 
counterparties, may in fact prove to be rather weak counterparties when market conditions turn severe. Accordingly, 
Investor could experience a significantly increased currency risk if the hedge counterparties were to fail to honour

--- Page 17 ---
17 
their respective obligations towards Investor. If such counterparty were to default in its obligations Investor’s 
financial position could be adversely affected. 
Patricia Industries: Financial investments and associated companies 
Financial investments, within Patricia Industries, account for approximately 1 per cent. of Investor’s total assets. 
Investor’s financial investments are exposed to share price risks and foreign exchange rate risks in investments made 
in foreign companies. Investor also takes an active role in these companies through board representation. There is 
no regular hedging of private equity investments in foreign currency, since the investments are long-term and 
currency fluctuations are expected to balance out over time. Investor’s policy is to hedge, by means of forward 
contracts, the future known cash flows. The hedging policy is subject to continuous evaluation and deviations from 
the guideline may be allowed. Losses related to hedging decisions could severely affect Investor’s financial position 
and creditworthiness. 
Associated companies, within Patricia Industries, relates to the holding in Three Scandinavia which accounts for 
approximately 1 per cent. of Investor's total assets. Investor has a significant influence in investments consolidated 
as associated companies. Investor takes an active role, through board participation, in the associated companies. 
Investor is indirectly exposed to foreign exchange rate risks of its associated companies due to international 
operations. The currency hedging of such investments is evaluated on a case by case basis. It should however be 
noted that the latest credit crisis has shown that certain financial counterparties, such as currency hedge 
counterparties, may in fact prove to be rather weak counterparties when market conditions turn severe. Accordingly, 
Investor could experience a significantly increased currency risk if the hedge counterparties were to fail to honour 
their respective obligations towards Investor. If such a counterparty were to default in its obligations Investor’s 
financial position could be adversely affected. 
Excess liquidity 
For excess liquidity exposed to interest rate risks, Investor’s goal is to maximise return within established guidelines 
whilst limiting interest rate risks. High financial flexibility is also strived for in order to satisfy future liquidity needs. 
Investments are therefore made in interest-bearing securities with maturity dates which are not longer than three 
years. Investor’s liabilities are exposed to interest rate and currency risks. Investor strives to manage interest rate 
risks by having an interest rate fixing period that provides the flexibility to change the loan portfolio in step with 
investment activity and minimise loan costs and volatility in the cash flow over time. The currency risk in loans in 
foreign currency is lowered through currency swap contracts. It should however be noted that such investments may 
deteriorate in value if the relevant issuer thereof were to enter into financial difficulties. Should such issuer enter 
into insolvency proceedings for example, Investor’s entire investment may be lost which could in turn severely affect 
Investor’s financial position. 
Liquidity and financing risks 
Liquidity risks refer to the risk that a financial instrument cannot be divested without considerable extra costs, and 
to the risk that liquidity will not be available to meet payment commitments. A liquidity event could also force 
Investor to sell assets at suppressed price levels (even at a loss), with a corresponding effect on Investor’s 
profitability. Financing risks are defined as the risk that financing cannot be obtained, or can only be obtained at 
increased costs as a result of changed conditions in the capital market. For Investor that could mean refinancing 
existing maturing debts could become more costly which would have a negative effect on Investor’s profit. 
Credit risks 
Credit risks are the risk of a counterparty or issuer being unable to repay a liability to Investor. Investor is exposed 
to credit risks primarily through investments of excess liquidity in interest-bearing securities. Credit risks also arise 
as a result of positive market values in derivative instruments, mainly interest rate and currency swaps. According 
to Investor’s credit risk policy, Investor is exposed to credit risks towards counterparties with high creditworthiness, 
based on the ratings of the recognised rating institutes, for a limited amount and for a limited duration per

--- Page 18 ---
18 
counterparty. For hedging purposes, in relation to Investor’s long-term loan financing, however, Investor is using 
swap derivative contracts with longer durations.  
Investor implements an extensive limit structure related to the creditworthiness of the issuers or counterparties and 
maturity of the securities. With a view to further limiting credit risks in interest rate and currency swaps, and other 
derivative transactions, agreements are made in accordance with the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA), as well as netting agreements. It should however be noted that the credit crisis has shown 
that financial counterparties with a strong rating may in fact prove to be rather weak counterparties when market 
conditions turn severe. Potentially Investor could thus face a relatively large exposure to certain counterparties, and 
such counterparties may not be in a position to honour their obligations. Accordingly, the exposure against 
counterparties in, for instance, the financial sector may, even though measures are taken to limit the risks, be high. 
If such counterparties were to default under their obligations towards Investor, then Investor’s financial position 
could be severely damaged.  
2 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
A. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Different types of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by Investor 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when Investor may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Floating Rate Notes  
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, which are used to determine 
the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), have, 
in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This 
has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
Pursuant to article 20 of the Benchmarks Regulation and to Regulation (EU) 2018/1157, EURIBOR has been 
considered a critical benchmark and is therefore subject to mandatory administration, in accordance with article 21 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. Accordingly, the administrator for EURIBOR shall be part of the register of 
benchmark administrators referred to in article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance 
of certain Benchmarks, which may impact the value of and the amount payable under the Notes as compared to the 
situation where such factors would be absent. 
EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the 
subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Following the implementation of any such potential

--- Page 19 ---
19 
reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently 
than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not issue Notes under the Programme that reference LIBOR. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR and/or other benchmark rates will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR and/or other benchmark rates to perform 
differently than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”)) in respect of floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions 
provide that such Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or 
replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen 
Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is 
available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the 
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, 
and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value 
of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, Investor shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that Investor may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide that 
an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate.  
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may 
include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread 
is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
Where Investor is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before 
the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if 
the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If Investor is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to 
apply to maturity. This will result in the relevant floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of floating rate Notes 
is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option 
specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant 
screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently 
discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of 
these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect 
the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
B. Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion 
of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Trustee may also agree (without the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
consent of the Noteholders) to the substitution of any Subsidiary (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Investor in place 
of Investor, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided 
that Investor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees all amounts payable under the Trust Deed and the Notes.  
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination of 
€100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In 
such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations. If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have 
a denomination which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Uncertainty regarding whether English court judgments relating to the Notes would be enforceable in 
Sweden 
Although the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with English law, the Issuer is a 
Swedish entity. As at the date of this Prospectus, the only treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement 
of judgments rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes between the United Kingdom and Sweden 
is the Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the “Hague Convention”). Pursuant to 
the provisions of the Hague Convention, a judgment entered against a Swedish entity in the courts of a Contracting 
State (as defined in the Hague Convention) and which is enforceable in such Contracting State, will be directly 
enforceable in Sweden only upon the satisfaction of certain requirements, one of which is that the relevant judgment 
relates to an agreement which includes an exclusive choice of court provision (as described in the Hague 
Convention). As such, a judgement entered against the Issuer based on an asymmetric jurisdiction clause (i.e. a 
jurisdiction clause which is non-exclusive), as is the case in relation to the terms and conditions of the Notes and the 
Trust Deed relating to the Notes, is likely to fall outside of the application of the Hague Convention and would most 
likely not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without a retrial of its merits (but will be of 
persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, administrative tribunals or executives or other 
public authorities of Sweden). As a result, a final judgment of the Courts of England may not be enforceable in 
Sweden.  
C. Risks related to the market in the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk that are germane to the Notes: 
There may be no secondary market in the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify

--- Page 22 ---
22 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the credit worthiness or perceived creditworthiness of Investor 
and a number of additional factors, including market interest, yield rates and the market’s perception of comparable 
debt instruments issued by other corporate or financial institutions.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as described in the European Securities and Markets Authority 
Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 5 October 2015 are 
included or referred to in this Prospectus. APMs are not defined in accordance with IFRS accounting standards and 
are used by the Issuer to complement performance measures defined by IFRS. The Issuer uses APMs in its disclosure 
on the basis that such disclosed APMs are used by its management to evaluate the financial performance of the Issuer 
and in so doing, the Issuer considers that this provides analysts and other stakeholders with valuable information to 
enhance the understanding of financial performance. The APMs should be viewed as complementary to, rather than 
a substitute for, the figures determined according to other regulatory measures. An explanation of each such APM’s 
components and calculation method can be found at pages 153 to 154 (incorporated by reference herein) of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and at pages 127 
to 128 (incorporated by reference herein) of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF: 
 
the unaudited first quarter interim results of the Issuer (interim financial information has been prepared based 
on the recognition and measurement principles consistent with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”)) 
for 
the 
three 
months 
ended 
31 
March 
2023 
https://vp053.alertir.com/afw/files/press/investor/202304203075-1.pdf;  
 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer (prepared in accordance with IFRS) for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (together in each case with the audit report 
thereon): 
https://vp053.alertir.com/afw/files/press/investor/202303237230-1.pdf 
and  
https://vp053.alertir.com/afw/files/press/investor/202203258083-1.pdf;  
 
the terms and conditions contained in pages 29 to 53 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
29 April 2022: https://www.investorab.com/media/v0jmeizs/investor-ab-mtn-update-2022_base-prospectus-
dated-29-april-2022.pdf; 
 
the terms and conditions contained in pages 27 to 53 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
30 
April 
2020: 
https://www.investorab.com/media/2twfhnpq/a41631628-v0-0-investor-
ab_prospectus_approved.pdf;  
 
the terms and conditions contained in pages 25 to 48 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
30 April 2019: https://www.investorab.com/media/so5davw4/a41382840-v0-0-iab-prospectus_30-april-
2019.pdf; 
 
the terms and conditions contained in pages 21 to 40 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
2 May 2018: https://www.investorab.com/media/ivgbgdtf/a41391116-v0-0-iab_prospectus_2-may-2018.pdf; 
 
the terms and conditions contained in pages 22 to 44 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
16 May 
2014: 
https://www.investorab.com/media/4qiimh1s/a41382824-v0-0-iab_prospectus_16-may-
2014.pdf; and 
 
the terms and conditions contained in pages 21 to 43 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
3 June 
2013: 
https://www.investorab.com/media/14xjmh0x/a41382827-v0-0-iab_prospectus_3-june-
2013.pdf.   
Such documents (and to the extent that specific pages are listed above, only such pages of these documents) shall 
be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document 
which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (a) the unaudited consolidated first quarter interim results 
for the three months ended 31 March 2023 as set out in the Interim Management Statement January-March 2023 
and (b) the audited consolidated annual statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 as set out in the Issuer’s Annual Reports for 2022 and 2021 respectively. Only the parts of the audited 
consolidated annual statements specifically referred to in the tables below shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, the Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Unaudited consolidated interim financial information of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 March 
2023 
 
 
Page of Interim 
Management Statement 
January – March 2023 
 
Consolidated Income Statement, in summary ......................................................... 
Page 20 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, in summary ............................................................... 
Page 21 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, in summary ................................... 
Page 21 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow, in summary ..................................................................... 
Page 22 
 
Basis of preparation for the Interim Management Statement .................................. 
Pages 17-18 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 
 
 
Page of 2022 Annual Report 
Administration Report and Proposed Disposition of Earnings ............................... 
Pages 8-11, 45-48, 60-78,  
81-83, 147 
 
Consolidated Income Statement .............................................................................. 
Page 87 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .................................................................................... 
Page 88 
 
Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity .......................................................... 
Page 89 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow ......................................................................................... 
Page 90 
 
Notes ....................................................................................................................... 
Pages 91-134 
 
Statements and Notes for the Parent company ........................................................ 
Pages 135-146 
 
Auditor’s Report ..................................................................................................... 
Pages 148-151 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021  
 
 
Page of 2021 Annual Report 
Administration Report and Proposed Disposition of Earnings ............................... 
Pages 8-15, 36-37, 42-55, 
117-124 
 
Consolidated Income Statement .............................................................................. 
Page 58 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .................................................................................... 
Page 59 
 
Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity .......................................................... 
Page 60 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow ......................................................................................... 
Page 61 
 
Notes ....................................................................................................................... 
Pages 62-100 
 
Statements and Notes for the Parent company ........................................................ 
Pages 101-112 
 
Auditor’s Report ..................................................................................................... 
Pages 113-116 
 
 
 
Those parts of the Issuer’s Interim Management Statement January-March 2023, the Issuer’s Annual Reports for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, and those parts of the prospectus dated 29 April 
2022, 30 April 2020, 30 April 2019, 16 May 2014 and 3 June 2013, which are not specifically incorporated by

--- Page 26 ---
26 
reference in this Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information 
is included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be 
obtained (without charge) from the registered office of the Issuer, specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
or 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://www.investorab.com/investors-media/reports/). With the exception of the websites on which the documents 
incorporated by references can be found, the information on all other websites mentioned in this prospectus do not 
form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus or a further 
prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Notes whose inclusion in this Prospectus or removal is necessary for the 
purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare and 
submit to the CSSF for approval a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offering of Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such 
supplement or replacement as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for 
the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of Part A of the Final Terms shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to 
such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or 
Certificates, as the case may be. References in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not 
to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. References in these Conditions to “www.bourse.lu” should 
be read to mean “www.luxse.com”. 
The Notes are constituted by an amended and restated Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”), dated 30 April 2021 between the Issuer and Citicorp 
Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee 
or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the 
Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An amended and restated Agency Agreement (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”), dated 3 June 2013 has been entered into 
in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and paying agent 
and calculation agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
“Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), 
the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation 
Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business 
hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”), the 
(“Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions 
of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects.  
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”), or in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”), in each case in the specified Denomination(s) shown hereon 
provided that in the case of any Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the 
Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Denomination as the lowest denomination of 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in 
the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 2(c), 
each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by 
registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related 
Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same nominal 
amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is 
surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, 
the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may 
not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with 
the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form 
and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), 
duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate 
in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes 
and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a 
holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder 
to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of 
a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, 
separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, 
a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery within 
five business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in 
Condition 6(f)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made 
at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made 
or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant 
request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post 
at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such 
holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method 
of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, 
but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer Note 
to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date 
for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called 
for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called 
for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An 
Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered 
Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record 
Date. 
3 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) rank and will at all times rank pari passu, 
without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating 
to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the Issuer nor 
any Subsidiary (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall create or permit to be outstanding any pledge, lien, mortgage, 
charge or other security interest upon the whole or any part of their respective undertakings, assets or revenues 
present or future, to secure any (i) existing or future Securities of the Issuer (or to secure any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect thereof) or (ii) guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer in respect of any existing or future Securities 
of a third party, without in any such case at the same time according to the Notes and the Coupons either the same 
security as is granted to or is outstanding in respect of such Securities (or such guarantee or indemnity in respect 
thereof) or such other security as the Trustee shall in its sole discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
of the Noteholders. 
As used in this Condition, “Securities” means any loan or other indebtedness in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, bonds, debentures, notes or other securities which are or are to be quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in or 
traded on any stock exchange, or over-the-counter or other securities market. 
5 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions

--- Page 32 ---
32 
below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending 
upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of 
LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 33 ---
33 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine, or shall appoint an agent to 
determine, such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rate of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 
5 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value of (if a negative number) 
such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that are due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount 
(or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply 
save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable 
on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed 
in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the prior written consent 
of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made 
unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no

--- Page 36 ---
36 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, 
or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of 
the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such 
currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency 
in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)]
+ 
[30 x (M2 −M1)]
360
+ 
(D2 − D1)
 
where:

--- Page 37 ---
37 
“Y1”
 
 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls; 
 
“Y2”
 
 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1”
 
 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls; 
 
“M2”
 
 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1”
 
 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2”
 
 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)]
+ 
[30 x (M2 −M1)]
360
+ 
(D2 − D1)
 
where: 
“Y1”
 
 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls; 
 
“Y2”
 
 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1”
 
 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls; 
 
“M2”
 
 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1”
 
 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2”
 
 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case
D2 will be 30; 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)]
+ 
[30 x (M2 −M1)]
360
+ 
(D2 − D1)
 
where:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
“Y1”
 
 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls; 
 
“Y2”
 
 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1”
 
 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls; 
 
“M2”
 
 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1”
 
 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i)
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1
will be 30; and 
 
“D2”
 
 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified 
hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms 
part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or 
(iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified hereon.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the 
Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may 
not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(j).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this 
Condition 5(j)(i).

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 5(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(v)), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(j)(v)), the 
Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions 
or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv)), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i), 5(j)(ii), 5(j)(iii) and 5(j)(iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(j)(iii)(B) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended pursuant 
to any Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in accordance with Condition 6(d), (e) or (f), each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided herein, will be its nominal amount).  
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note 
unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price 
on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 
is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note

--- Page 43 ---
43 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that 
it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (aa) a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (bb) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing acceptable to the Trustee to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept 
such certificate or opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) 
above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the 
Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn 
and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as 
the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole Redemption Option) 
If Make-whole Redemption Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption 
(the “Make-whole Redemption Date”)), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Make-whole Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at an amount (a “Make-whole 
Redemption Amount”) equal to the higher of the following, in each case together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the date fixed for redemption: 
(i) 
the nominal amount of the Note; and 
(ii) 
the nominal amount of the Note multiplied by the price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the 
Trustee by a financial adviser (the “Financial Adviser”) appointed by the Issuer and approved by the 
Trustee) expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest fifth decimal places, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) at which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity on such Note (or, if Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified hereon, the Gross Redemption Yield to the Par Call Commencement 
Date) on the Determination Date specified in the Final Terms is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield 
at the Quotation Time specified hereon on the Determination Date of the Reference Bond specified 
hereon (or, where the Financial Adviser advises the Trustee that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, 
such Reference Bond is not appropriate for such purpose, such other government stock as such 
Financial Adviser may recommend) plus any applicable Redemption Margin specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such redemption notice is given to the Noteholders shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the 
Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn 
and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as 
the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In this Condition: 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice 
at such time, as advised to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Financial Adviser. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the 
holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice 
period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”), in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Trust Deed) may at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, 
in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering 
the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case 
of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(iii)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for that 
currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender 
of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and 
in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest 
on each Registered Note shall be made in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque 
drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed 
to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the 
Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
before the Record Date and subject as provided in Condition 7(a), such payment of interest may be 
made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of that currency.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in US dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of 
such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European financial centres (including, so long as the Notes are approved by the CSSF in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Prospect Act 2005 and admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, 
in each case, as approved in writing in advance by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in US dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(c). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes such Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become 
void pursuant to Condition 9).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons 
and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued 
from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of 
the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for 
a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions 
as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; 
or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature (“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political sub-division of, or 
any authority in, or of, the Kingdom of Sweden having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of the 
Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after the withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons in the 
absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any 
payment in respect of any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(a) 
in the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Sweden other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction 
by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; 
or 
(d) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled to additional amounts 
on presenting the same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days.; or 
(e) 
presented (or, in the case of a Registered Note, where the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment 
by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting 
the relevant Note (or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Certificate representing it), or Coupon to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment 
in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Make-whole Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include 
Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in 
the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall (subject in 
each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their principal amount, together with accrued 
interest as provided in the Trust Deed, in any of the following events (“Events of Default”): 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and 
the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and 
(except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be incapable of remedy when no continuation 
or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days (or such

--- Page 49 ---
49 
longer period as the Trustee may permit) next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any other indebtedness for borrowed money (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer becomes due and 
repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) and any steps are taken to obtain 
repayment or the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of any other indebtedness for borrowed money 
on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period or any security given by 
the Issuer for any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer becomes enforceable and is enforced or if 
default is made by the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it 
in relation to any other indebtedness for borrowed money of any other person and any steps are taken to 
obtain repayment thereof, provided that no event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness 
for borrowed money or other relative liability either alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness for 
borrowed money and/or other liabilities relative to all (if any) other events which shall have occurred and be 
at the relevant time outstanding and in respect of which the relevant default or failure shall not have been 
remedied shall amount to at least US$100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of the 
Issuer save for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms approved in writing by the Trustee; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for 
the purposes of a reorganisation on terms approved in writing by the Trustee, or the Issuer stops or threatens 
to stop payment of, or is unable to or admits inability to pay, its debts generally (or any material class of its 
debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to any applicable law, or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
in relation to the whole or a part of its undertaking or assets, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the 
whole or a part of its undertaking or assets, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process 
is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of its undertaking or assets, and 
(b) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 45 days; or if the 
Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of 
its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its 
creditors generally or any class of its creditors; or 
(g) 
if any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraphs (d), (e) and (f) above, provided that, in the case of any Event of Default 
other than those described in paragraphs (a) and (c), the Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer that the 
Event of Default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
11 Meeting of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding 
not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any

--- Page 50 ---
50 
meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Make-whole Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, 
(vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass 
the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on 
all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of 
any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the 
opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so 
requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders and the Couponholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the Trust 
Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to the substitution of any Subsidiary (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer in place of 
the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes 
provided that the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees all amounts payable under the Trust Deed 
and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust 
Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further 
securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the 
time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any 
other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. Any further securities 
forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust 
Deed or any deed supplemental to it, and any other securities (with the consent of the Trustee), shall be constituted 
by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the 
holders of securities or other series where the Trustee so decides. 
14 Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes, 
but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or 
so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and 
(b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against 
the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing. 
15 Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. The 
Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without 
accounting for any profit. 
16 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and 
deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of 
mailing, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and the 
rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be

--- Page 52 ---
52 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17 Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered or falling to be due in a currency other than the currency in which payment under 
the relevant Note or Coupon is due (under any applicable law and whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by the 
Trustee or any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note 
or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on 
the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on 
which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to 
the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In 
any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes 
of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that 
it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of 
action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in 
full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum 
due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
18 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
19 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust 
Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Business Sweden, Winchester House, 259 — 269 Old Marylebone 
Road, London NW1 5RA to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings in England.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, they will be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes with the 
Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Certificates may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing systems and delivery of the relative 
Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing systems 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such alternative clearing system 
authorised to hold such notes as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations. 
The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) also 
be credited to the accounts of other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg held by other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any 
other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system as 
the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to 
all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such 
persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the 
Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, 
in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Exchange 
1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of the Programme — 
Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
for Definitive Notes. 
Each Temporary Global Note which is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered Notes 
in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for which it may 
be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes 
only. 
2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date in 
whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 4, in part for Definitive Notes or, in the case of paragraph 4 
below, Registered Notes: 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered Notes; and 
(ii) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (an “Alternative Clearing System”), and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(iii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in Specified 
Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a Permanent Global Certificate on issue, transfers of 
the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the Registered Holder 
has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to 
effect such transfer. 
4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and that clearing system so permits, 
such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the 
Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for 
Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may surrender such 
Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of 
a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a 
Permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary 
Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement 
of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed 
and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer 
will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have 
not already been paid on the Global Note and (if applicable) a Talon), Definitive Notes will be security printed and 
Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or 
substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with 
the relevant Definitive Notes. 
6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after 
its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of an 
exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 
30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the 
city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant 
clearing system is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the 
Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments 
on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made

--- Page 56 ---
56 
against presentation of certification as to non-US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
All payments in respect of CGNs represented by a Global Note will be made against presentation for endorsement 
and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such 
purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, 
which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the 
Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not 
affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the person 
whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately 
prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note will become void unless it is 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
3 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a 
Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency 
of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each Note comprising such 
Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be cancelled 
(other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Permanent 
Global Note. 
5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if they 
are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest thereon. 
6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented to a Permanent 
Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and 
containing the information required by the conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes 
shall be required. If any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series,

--- Page 57 ---
57 
the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system, as the case may be (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions 
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required 
to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised and at the same time, 
where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a 
NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of any 
option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall be 
entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments 
of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
9 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered Notes are 
registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information 
provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its 
accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if such 
accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
10 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system 
for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or 
by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee for, 
a clearing system, then:  
(i) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Trust Deed) 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution

--- Page 58 ---
58 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on 
consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, 
where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from 
or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement 
is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant 
clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified 
by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print 
out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which 
the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to 
be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect 
of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
INVESTOR  
 
General 
Investor AB is a Nordic-based industrial holding company founded on 16 October 1916 by the Wallenberg family. 
Investor’s business concept is, through board participation, industrial experience, network and financial strength, to 
strive to make its holdings best-in-class and thereby generate attractive long-term returns for its shareholders by 
owning and developing companies with solid potential for value creation. Investor is an engaged owner and utilises 
experience, knowledge and a unique network to develop listed and unlisted companies to make them best-in-class. 
Investor AB’s business address is at Arsenalsgatan 8C, 103 32 Stockholm, the Kingdom of Sweden; and its telephone 
number is +46 8 6142000. 
Investor’s key figures 
 
 
As at 31
December 
As at 31
December 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Assets, SEK million ...................................................................................................  
615,128 
697,105 
Net debt, SEK million  ...............................................................................................  
(10,263) 
(14,491) 
Net asset value, SEK million  ....................................................................................  
604,865 
682,614 
Net asset value, SEK/share  .......................................................................................  
197 
223 
 
 
 
1 January to 
31 December 
1 January to 
31 December 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Development during the period 
 
 
 
Net income, SEK million ...........................................................................................  
-74,762 
227,965 
Net income, SEK/share  .............................................................................................  
-24.38 
74.45 
Investment Strategy 
Investor’s investment strategy is based on investing in companies with potential for value creation and divesting 
companies that cannot become best-in-class in the long term, or which it believes have reached their full potential 
value. Investments are currently made in the technology, engineering, healthcare and financial services sectors, 
where Investor anticipates attractive development.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
History 
Investor’s origins date back to 1856 when Stockholm’s Enskilda Bank (the “Bank”) was founded. The Bank played 
an important role in the industrialisation of the Kingdom of Sweden by providing capital to entrepreneurs and 
innovative companies. Through direct investments or by way of loan collateral, the Bank accumulated a significant 
share portfolio. In 1916, in response to legal changes restricting banks’ holdings of equities, the Bank’s shareholdings 
were transferred to a newly founded industrial holding company, Investor. Investor operates under the Swedish 
Companies Act (2005:551) as amended and is registered by Bolagsverket (the Swedish Companies Registration 
Office) in the Kingdom of Sweden with registration number 556013-8298. 
Last five years 
During 2018, Investor invested SEK 3.4 billion within Listed Core Investments in Ericsson, Electrolux and Saab. 
Epiroc became Investor’s 12th listed core investment following its spin-off from Atlas Copco. Patricia Industries 
acquired two new subsidiaries, Sarnova (U.S.) and Piab (Sweden). Aleris divested its Care business and several 
subsidiaries completed complementary acquisitions. Patricia received SEK 5.581 billion in distribution, of which 
EUR 350 million from Mölnlycke, SEK 581 million from Permobil, SEK 204 million from 3 Scandinavia and SEK 
1,200 million from BraunAbility. In constant currency, the value of Investor’s investments in EQT increased with 
25 per cent. and net cash flow to Investor amounted to SEK 0.2 billion. Investor raised a 12-year, EUR 500 million 
bond with an all in fixed interest rate of 1.52 per cent. per annum. In February, MSCI upgraded Investor’s ESG 
rating in February 2018 to A from BBB. 
During 2019, Investor changed the name of the business area Listed Core Investments to Listed Companies. Investor 
invested SEK 4.3 billion within Listed Companies, in ABB. Electrolux proposed to list its Professionals business as 
a separate company during 2020. During 2019, sales growth for Investor’s major subsidiaries amounted to 13 per 
cent., of which 4 per cent. was organic in constant currency. EBITA growth was 18 per cent. Within Patricia 
Industries, Laborie announced the strategic acquisition of Clinical Innovations, a leading global provider of 
childbirth and neonatal medical products. Patricia Industries funded most of the US$ 525 million consideration. Piab 
announced the acquisition of TAWI group, adding more than 25 per cent. to its current sales. Patricia Industries 
received SEK 5.7 billion in distribution from its portfolio companies, of which EUR 425 million from Mölnlycke, 
SEK 601 million from Permobil and SEK 480 million from Three Scandinavia. Patricia Industries divested its 
holding in Aleris for net proceeds of SEK 2 billion. EQT AB was successfully listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For the 
full year, the reported value change of our investments in EQT totalled 103 per cent. Net cash flow to Investor 
amounted to SEK 5.0 billion. 
During 2020, Investor invested SEK 3.4 billion within Listed Companies, in ABB, Ericsson and Electrolux 
Professional. Electrolux Professional was spun out of Electrolux and became the 13th listed company in Investor’s 
portfolio. Within Patricia Industries, sales growth for the major subsidiaries amounted to 2 per cent., of which 2 per 
cent. represented organic growth on a constant currency basis. Reported EBITA increased by 2 per cent. and adjusted 
EBITA increased by 6 per cent. Patricia Industries acquired Advanced Instruments, the global leader in osmolality 
testing, for USD 780 million (enterprise value). Patricia Industries injected USD 619 million in equity for an 
ownership of 98 per cent. Several companies, including Laborie and Sarnova, completed major strategic add-on 
acquisitions. In total, net investments within Patricia Industries amounted to SEK 9.5 billion. Patricia Industries 
received distribution of SEK 5.1 billion, including a first payment of SEK 1.114 billion related to the divestment of 
Three Scandinavia’s passive network infrastructure, during the fourth quarter. Patricia Industries expects to receive 
in total approximately SEK 5 billion in divestment proceeds. In Mölnlycke, Zlatko Rihter, previously CEO of listed 
Swedish company Cellavision, took over as CEO as of 30 November 2020, succeeding Richard Twomey. For 2020, 
the change in value of Investor’s investments in EQT was 55 per cent. Net cash flow to Investor amounted to SEK 
0.2 billion. Further, in 2020 Investor raised a EUR 600 million bond with a 15-year maturity, further strengthening 
its financial flexibility.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
During 2021, Investor announced that Christian Cederholm, previously Co-Head of Patricia Industries, has been 
appointed Head of Patricia Industries. Noah Walley, also formerly Co-Head of Patricia Industries, has retired from 
full-time employment and assumed a role as Senior Advisor to Patricia Industries and Investor. 
On 24 February 2021, Investor entered into an agreement to sell 5,000,000 Ericsson B shares and to acquire 
5,000,000 Ericsson A shares. Both the buy and sell transaction were conducted at a share price of SEK 103.85. On 
19 April 2021, Investor announced that Patricia Industries, a part of Investor AB, and its subsidiary Vectura, have 
agreed to divest Grand Group and the Grand Hôtel property, respectively, to FAM AB. To help increase liquidity in 
the Investor share, Investor’s Board of Directors proposed to the AGM 2021 a 4:1 share split. The AGM approved 
the proposal, resulting in all Investor shares, both class A and B, being split into four new shares. 
During 2022, Investor’s adjusted net asset value declined by 10 per cent. Total shareholder return amounted to -15 
per cent., while the SIXRX return index declined by 23 per cent. At year-end 2022, adjusted net asset value amounted 
to SEK 673.250 million, corresponding to SEK 220 per share. Listed Companies generated a total return of -5 per 
cent. Based on estimated market values, Patricia Industries generated a total return of -2 per cent., while Investments 
in EQT generated a total return of -35 per cent. 
Within Listed Companies, Investor invested SEK 0.5 billion in Atlas Copco. Following its spin-off from ABB, 
Investor became an owner of Accelleron, holding 14.0 per cent. of the capital and votes respectively. 
Within Patricia Industries, the major subsidiaries reported 28 per cent. sales growth, of which 9 per cent. organic in 
constant currency. Adjusted EBITA increased by 20 per cent. The companies continued to invest in innovation, R&D 
and in their commercial organisations to drive sustainable growth. Several of the companies, including BraunAbility, 
Permobil, Piab and Advanced Instruments, made add-on acquisitions. The total value on a debt-free basis amounted 
to SEK 4.4 billion, of which Patricia Industries contributed SEK 2.0 billion in equity financing.  
Investments in EQT generated a total return of -35 per cent., driven by the sharp share price decline in EQT AB, 
while the value of the fund investments increased. Net cash flow to Investor amounted to SEK 6.2 billion, a new 
record. 
Investor’s leverage amounted to 1.5 per cent. at year-end 2022 (1.9 per cent. at year-end 2021). Gross cash amounted 
to SEK 28.533 million and the average maturity of Investor’s debt portfolio was 11.8 years at year-end 2022. During 
the second quarter, 2022, Investor AB issued a EUR 600 million 10-year bond and in early July, 2022, Investor AB 
bought back its outstanding EUR 700 million 2023 bond. 
Investor’s board of directors proposes a SEK 4.40 dividend per share (4.00), to be paid in two instalments, SEK 3.30 
in May, 2023, and SEK 1.10 in November, 2023. 
In January 2023, a SEK 8 billion (10) revolving credit facility was refinanced, and its maturity extended by five 
years, with an option of another two years’ additional extension. The facility remains undrawn. 
During first quarter 2023, adjusted net asset value (NAV) amounted to SEK 723,621 million (SEK 236 per share) 
on March 31, 2023, a change of SEK 50,371 million, or 7 per cent., during the quarter. Total shareholder return 
amounted to 9 per cent., compared to 9 per cent. for the SIXRX return index. Listed Companies generated a total 
return of 8 per cent. ABB announced the divestment of Power Conversion, Epiroc won its largest automation order 
ever, and Wärtsilä showed that its technology can help decarbonize the energy industry. Based on estimated market 
values, the total return for Patricia Industries, excluding cash, amounted to 13 per cent. (12 per cent. including cash).  
Within Patricia Industries, organic sales growth for the major subsidiaries amounted to 11 per cent. in constant 
currency. Adjusted EBITA grew by 35 per cent. Mölnlycke reported organic sales growth of 13 per cent. in constant 
currency. Piab acquired COVAL, a French provider of suction cups, vacuum pumps and vacuum grippers. The 
acquisition complements Piab’s product portfolio and adds new customers within automotive, food and packaging.  
The value change of Investments in EQT amounted to -4 per cent.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Ownership 
Investor is a public company, listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. The Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation is the single 
largest owner, with 20.00 per cent. of the capital and 42.95 per cent. of the votes as of 31 December 2022. The 
Wallenbergs have been closely connected with Investor throughout its history and were instrumental in its 
establishment. Since Investor’s origins in 1916, various members of the Wallenberg family have held senior 
management positions and been directors of the Company. 
Other major shareholders include mutual funds managed by Swedish commercial banks and various Swedish 
pension funds and insurance companies. Overall, foreign ownership as at 31 December 2022 accounted for 28.4 per 
cent. of the capital. The following table shows the 15 largest shareholders of the Company as at 31 December 2022. 
 
 
% of 
capital 
 
% of votes 
 
Investor’s fifteen largest shareholders as at 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation ...................................................................  
 
20.0 
 
42.9 
 
Alecta Pension Insurance .........................................................................................  
 
4.1 
 
2.3 
 
AMF Insurance & Funds ..........................................................................................  
 
3.9 
 
7.8 
 
Vanguard ..................................................................................................................  
 
2.7 
 
1.8 
 
BlackRock ................................................................................................................  
 
2.6 
 
1.6 
 
SEB Foundation…………………………………………………………………… 
 
2.3 
 
4.9 
 
Swedbank Robur Funds……………………………………………………………. 
 
2.2 
 
1.0 
 
Marianne & Marcus Wallenberg Memorial Fund ....................................................  
 
1.9 
 
4.1 
 
Bank of Norway .......................................................................................................  
 
1.9 
 
0.4 
 
SEB Funds................................................................................................................  
 
1.9 
 
0.5 
 
Spiltan Funds............................................................................................................  
 
1.6 
 
0.6 
 
Handelsbanken Funds ..............................................................................................  
 
1.4 
 
0.3 
 
Marcus & Amalia Wallenberg Memorial Fund ........................................................  
 
1.4 
 
3.1 
 
Fidelity Investments (FMR) .....................................................................................  
 
1.2 
 
0.4 
 
First AP Fund ...........................................................................................................  
 
1.0 
 
0.2 
 
Total .........................................................................................................................  
 
50.2 
 
72.0 
 
 
Source: Modular Finance. Directly registered or registered in the name of nominees. The filing date for foreign owners may vary. 
Custodian banks are excluded. 
Organisational Structure 
Investor is headquartered in Stockholm, the Kingdom of Sweden, with an additional office in New York, United 
States of America. On 31 December 2022 the Company had 95 employees. The Stockholm office houses Investor’s 
corporate headquarters. 
The following table shows the investments of Investor as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted values(2) 
 
Reported values 
 
 
 
Number of
shares
12/31/22 
Ownership 
capital/
votes (%)
12/31/22 
Share of
total assets
(%)
12/31/22 
Value
SEK m
12/31/22 
Value
SEK m
12/31/21 
Value
SEK m
12/31/22 
Value
SEK m
12/31/21 
Listed Companies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Atlas Copco........................... 
836,131,135 
17.0/22.3 
15 
102,091 
128,968 
102,091 
128,968 
ABB ...................................... 
265,385,142 
13.5/13.5 
12 
83,944 
91,732 
83,944 
91,732 
AstraZeneca .......................... 
51,587,810 
3.3/3.3 
11 
72,403 
54,807 
72,403 
54,807 
SEB ....................................... 
456,198,927 
20.9/21.0 
8 
54,646 
57,458 
54,646 
57,458 
Epiroc ................................... 
207,757,845 
17.1/22.7 
6 
39,075 
47,298 
39,075 
47,298 
Nasdaq .................................. 
58,182,426 
11.8/11.8 
5 
37,249 
36,835 
37,249 
36,835 
Sobi ....................................... 
107,594,165 
34.7/34.7 
3 
23,270 
19,957 
23,270 
19,957 
Saab ...................................... 
40,972,622 
30.2/39.7 
2 
16,852 
9,440 
16,852 
9,440 
Ericsson ................................ 
266,745,735 
8.0/23.8 
2 
16,849 
26,589 
16,849 
26,589 
Wärtsilä ................................. 
104,711,363 
17.7/17.7 
1 
9,196 
13,242 
9,196 
13,242 
Electrolux .............................. 
50,786,412 
17.9/30.4 
1 
7,151 
11,089 
7,151 
11,089 
Husqvarna ............................. 
97,052,157 
16.8/33.4 
1 
7,122 
13,986 
7,122 
13,986 
Accelleron(1) ....................................... 
13,269,257 
14.0/14.0 
0 
2,868 
- 
2,868 
- 
Electrolux Professional ......... 
58,941,654 
20.5/32.4 
0 
2,579 
3,677 
2,579 
3,677 
Total Listed Companies ...... 
 
 
70 
475,296 
515,078 
475,296 
515,078 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patricia Industries 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsidiaries ........................... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mölnlycke(2) ....................................... 
 
99 
9 
58,888 
72,926 
18,780 
17,787 
Laborie .................................. 
 
98 
2 
15,991 
14,727 
9,580 
8,276 
Sarnova ................................. 
 
96 
2 
12,674 
11,099 
8,029 
6,527 
Permobil(2) ........................................... 
 
98 
2 
11,651 
10,747 
5,211 
4,363 
Advanced Instruments ........... 
 
98 
1 
10,073 
6,952 
8,575 
7,082 
Piab(2) ...................................................... 
 
96 
1 
7,869 
8,029 
6,189 
5,702 
BraunAbility ......................... 
 
93 
1 
5,222 
3,641 
2,388 
2,365 
Vectura.................................. 
 
99 
1 
3,845 
3,630 
3,821 
3,705 
Atlas Antibodies(3) ................. 
 
93 
0 
2,807 
2,960 
2,853 
2,313 
Total subsidiaries ................ 
 
 
19 
129,019 
134,710 
65,424 
58,120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three Scandinavia ................. 
 
40/40 
1 
7,504 
6,801 
2,7143) 
5,043 
Financial Investments ............ 
 
 
0 
1,972 
2,594 
1,972 
2,594 
Ttotal Patricia Industries 
excl. cash .............................. 
 
 
20 
138,495 
144,106 
70,110 
65,758 
Total Patricia Industries 
incl. cash ............................... 
 
 
 
150,317 
156,611 
81,933 
78,263 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments in EQT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQT AB ................................ 
174,288,016 
14.6/14.7 
6 
38,500 
5,872 
38,500 
85,872 
Fund investments .................. 
 
 
5 
31,550 
30,768 
31,550 
30,768 
Total investments in EQT ... 
 
 
10 
70,050 
116,640 
70,050 
116,640 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other Assets and Liabilities... 
 
 
0 
(328) 
(371) 
(328) 
(371)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted values(2) 
 
Reported values 
 
 
 
Number of
shares
12/31/22 
Ownership 
capital/
votes (%)
12/31/22 
Share of
total assets
(%)
12/31/22 
Value
SEK m
12/31/22 
Value
SEK m
12/31/21 
Value
SEK m
12/31/22 
Value
SEK m
12/31/21 
Total Assets excl. cash 
Patricia Industries ............... 
 
 
100 
683,513 
775,453 
615,128 
697,105 
Gross debt ............................. 
 
 
 
(38,796) 
(38,446) 
(38,796) 
(38,446) 
Gross cash ............................. 
 
 
 
28,533 
23,955 
28,533 
23,955 
   Of which Patricia 
Industries 
 
 
 
 
11,823 
12,505 
11,823 
12,505 
Net debt ................................ 
 
 
 
(10,263) 
(14,491) 
(10,263) 
(14,491) 
Net Asset Value.................... 
 
 
 
673,250 
760,962 
604,865 
682,614 
Net Asset Value per share ... 
 
 
 
220 
248 
197 
223 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
On 7 September 2022 an Extraordinary General Meeting in ABB decided to spin-off Accelleron from ABB and 
distribute the Accelleron shares to the shareholders of ABB as a dividend in kind. The first day of trading in 
Accelleron was 3 October 2022. SEK 2,683 million has been transferred from the value of ABB to the value of 
Accelleron on the date of the distribution. 
(2) 
Including receivables related to Management Participation Program foundations. For Mölnlycke, the receivable 
corresponds to 1 percentage point of the total exposure, for Permobil to 2 percentage points and for Piab to 4 
percentage points. 
(3) 
Negatively impacted by a write-down on network assets following a change in useful life. 
 
Listed Companies 
Atlas Copco 
Atlas Copco is a world-leading provider of sustainable productivity solutions. The group serves customers with 
compressors, vacuum and air treatment systems, construction and mining equipment, power tools and assembly 
systems. The decision to separate its Mining business and parts of its Construction business into a new company, 
Epiroc, was completed in May 2018. Atlas Copco was founded in 1873, is based in Stockholm, Sweden, and has a 
global reach spanning more than 180 countries.  
Investor’s holding in Atlas Copco as at 31 December 2022 constituted 17.0 per cent. of the share capital carrying 
22.3 per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 102.1 
billion. 
ABB 
ABB is a technology leader in electrification, industrial automation, motion, robotics and discrete autonomation, 
serving customers in utilities, industry and transport & infrastructure globally. ABB operates in more than 100 
countries. 
Investor’s holding in ABB as at 31 December 2022 constituted 13.5 per cent. of the share capital carrying 13.5 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 83.9 billion. 
AstraZeneca 
AstraZeneca is a global, science-led biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development and 
commercialisation of prescription medicines, primarily for the treatment of diseases in three main therapy areas -

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Oncology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Diseases and Respiratory. The company also is selectively active in the areas 
of Autoimmunity, Neuroscience and Infection. AstraZeneca operates in over 100 countries and its medicines are 
used by millions of patients worldwide.  
Investor’s holding in AstraZeneca as at 31 December 2022 constituted 3.3 per cent. of the share capital carrying 
3.3 per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 
72.4 billion. 
SEB 
SEB is a leading Nordic financial services group. In Sweden and the Baltic countries, SEB offers financial advice 
and a wide range of financial services. In Denmark, Finland, Norway and Germany the bank’s operations have a 
strong focus on corporate and investment banking based on a full-service offering to corporate and institutional 
clients. The international nature of SEB’s business is reflected in its presence in some 20 countries worldwide.  
Investor’s holding in SEB as at 31 December 2022 consisted of 20.9 per cent. of the share capital carrying 21.0 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 54.6 billion. 
Epiroc 
Epiroc is a productivity partner for the mining, infrastructure and natural resources industries. Following the split 
from Atlas Copco, Epiroc became an independent listed company in June 2018. Its organisation serves customers in 
150 countries. 
Investor’s holding in Epiroc as at 31 December 2022 constituted 17.1 per cent. of the share capital carrying 22.7 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 39.1 billion. 
Nasdaq  
Nasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ) is a global technology company serving the capital markets and other industries. Nasdaq’s 
diverse offering of data, analytics, software and services enables clients to optimise and execute their business vision 
with confidence.  
Investor’s holding in Nasdaq as at 31 December 2022 constituted 11.8 per cent. of the share capital carrying 11.8 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 37.2 billion. 
Sobi 
Sobi is an international specialty healthcare company dedicated to rare diseases. The product portfolio is primarily 
focused on Haemophilia, Inflammation and Genetic diseases. Sobi also markets a portfolio of specialty and rare 
disease products across Europe, the Middle East, North Africa and Russia for partner companies.  
Investor’s holding in Sobi as at 31 December 2022 consisted of 34.7 per cent. of the share capital carrying 34.7 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 23.3 billion. 
Saab  
Saab serves the global market with products, services and solutions within military defence and civil security. Saab 
has operations and employees on all continents around the world.  
Investor’s holding in Saab as at 31 December 2022 constituted 30.2 per cent. of the share capital carrying 39.7 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 16.9 billion. 
Ericsson 
Ericsson is a leader in communications technology and services with headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden. Its 
organisation serves customers in 180 countries.  
Investor’s holding in Ericsson as at 31 December 2022 constituted 8.0 per cent. of the share capital carrying 23.8 per 
cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 16.8 billion.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Wärtsilä 
Wärtsilä is a leader in advanced technologies and complete lifecycle solutions for the marine and energy markets. 
The company has operations in over 200 locations in more than 70 countries around the world.  
Investor’s holding in Wärtsilä as at 31 December 2022 constituted 17.7 per cent. of the share capital carrying 17.7 
per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 9.2 billion.  
Electrolux 
Electrolux is a global leader in home appliances and appliances for professional use. The products include 
refrigerators, ovens, cookers, hobs, dishwashers, washing machines, vacuum cleaners, air conditioners and small 
domestic appliances.  
Investor’s holding in Electrolux as at 31 December 2022, constituted 17.9 per cent. of the share capital carrying 30.4 
per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 7.2 billion. 
Husqvarna 
Husqvarna Group is a leading producer of outdoor power products for garden, park and forest care. Products include 
chainsaws, trimmers, robotic lawn mowers and ride-on lawn mowers. The group also offers garden watering 
products as well as cutting equipment and diamond tools for the construction and stone industries. The group’s 
products and solutions are sold under brands including Husqvarna, Gardena, McCulloch, Flymo, Zenoah, Orbit, 
RedMax and Jonsered via dealers and retailers to consumers and professionals in more than 100 countries.  
Investor’s holding in Husqvarna as at 31 December 2022 constituted 16.8 per cent. of the share capital carrying 33.4 
per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 7.1 billion. 
Accelleron 
Accelleron, which was spun off from ABB in October 2022, is a global leader in turbocharging technologies and 
optimisation solutions for 0.5 to 80+ MW engines, helping to provide sustainable, efficient and reliable power to the 
marine, energy, rail, and off-highway sectors. Accelleron has an installed base of approximately 180,000 
turbochargers and a network of more than 100 service stations across 50 countries worldwide. 
Investor’s holding in Accelleron as at 31 December 2022 constituted 14.0 per cent. of the share capital carrying 32.4 
per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 2.9 billion. 
Electrolux Professional 
Electrolux Professional is one of the leading global providers of food service, beverage and laundry solutions, 
serving a wide range of customers globally, from restaurants and hotels to healthcare, educational and other service 
facilities. 
Investor’s holding in Electrolux Professional as at 31 December 2022 constituted 20.5 per cent. of the share capital 
carrying 32.4 per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding as at 31 December 2022 was 
SEK 2.6 billion. 
Patricia Industries 
Patricia Industries consists of Investor’s operating subsidiaries, partner-owned investments and Financial 
Investments. Mölnlycke, Laborie, Permobil, Piab, Advanced Instruments, Sarnova, BraunAbility, Vectura and Atlas 
Antibodies are Investor’s subsidiaries, in which Investor has a major strategic influence. Patricia Industries’ 
Financial Investments consists of investments in which the investment horizon has not yet been defined. The 
objective for Financial Investments is to maximise the value and use realised proceeds for investments in existing 
and new subsidiaries. Investor is also evaluating if some holdings could become long-term investments.  
The combined reported value of Patricia Industries amounted to SEK 70.11 billion, excluding gross cash of SEK 
11.8 billion, as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Mölnlycke 
Mölnlycke is a medical products and solutions company that equips professionals in the healthcare industry. It 
designs and supplies products and solutions for use in wound treatment, pressure ulcer and infection prevention and 
surgery. Its products and solutions provide value for money supported by clinical and health economic evidence. The 
company headquarters are in Gothenburg, Sweden, and it operates in 100 countries worldwide. 
Investor’s total exposure in Mölnlycke as at 31 December 2022 was 99 per cent. of the share capital. The reported 
value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 18.8 billion. 
Laborie 
Laborie is a manufacturer and supplier of pelvic health and gastrointestinal equipment and consumables as well as 
products related to child and maternal health to patients worldwide. 
Investor’s total exposure in Laborie as at 31 December 2022 was 98 per cent. of the share capital. The reported value 
of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 9.6 billion. 
Permobil 
Permobil is a manufacturer of advanced powered wheelchairs. For over 50 years, Permobil has been a leader in the 
complex rehabilitation power wheelchairs industry. 
Investor’s total exposure in Permobil as at 31 December 2022 was 98 per cent. of the share capital. The reported 
value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 5.2 billion. 
Piab 
Piab develops, produces and distributes gripping and moving solutions for end-users and machine manufacturers to 
improve energy efficiency, productivity and work environment. 
Investor’s total exposure in Piab as at 31 December 2022 was 96 per cent. of the share capital. The reported value 
of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 6.2 billion. 
Advanced Instruments 
Advanced Instruments is a global provider of osmolality testing instrumentation and consumables for the clinical, 
biopharmaceutical, and food & beverage markets.  
Investor’s total exposure in Advanced Instruments as at 31 December 2022 was 98 per cent. of the share capital. The 
reported value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 8.6 billion. 
Sarnova 
Sarnova is a distributor of specialty medical equipment, products, supplies and training services to emergency 
providers, hospitals and health-related organisations in the U.S. 
Investor’s total exposure in Sarnova as at 31 December 2022 was 96 per cent. of the share capital. The reported 
value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022 was SEK 8.0 billion. 
BraunAbility 
BraunAbility is a leading manufacturer of wheelchair accessible vehicles and wheelchair lifts for both personal use 
and commercial applications. 
Investor’s total exposure in BraunAbility as at 31 December 2022 was 93 per cent. of the share capital. The reported 
value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 2.4 billion. 
Vectura 
Vectura develops and manages real estate within Community Services and Commercial.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Investor’s total exposure in Vectura as at 31 December 2022 was 99 per cent. of the share capital. The reported value 
of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 3.8 billion. 
Atlas Antibodies  
Atlas Antibodies is a global developer of advanced reagents for biomedical research.  
Investor’s total exposure in Atlas Antibodies as at 31 December 2022 was 93 per cent. of the share capital. The 
reported value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was SEK 2.9 billion. 
Three Scandinavia 
An operator providing mobile voice and broadband services in Sweden and Denmark. The company has 
approximately 4.0 million subscribers. 
Investor’s holding in Three Scandinavia as at 31 December 2022 consisted of 40 per cent. of the share capital 
carrying 40 per cent. of the voting rights. The reported value of Investor’s holding, as at 31 December 2022, was 
SEK 2.7 billion. 
Investments in EQT 
EQT is a leading alternative investments firm with approximately EUR 113 billion in assets under management. 
EQT AB was listed on Nasdaq Stockholm during 2019. EQT funds have portfolio companies in Europe, Asia and 
the US, and EQT works with its portfolio companies to achieve sustainable growth, operational excellence and 
market leadership. 
The combined reported value of Investor’s investments in EQT amounted to SEK 70.1 billion as at 31 December 
2022. 
Financial information as at 31 December 2022 
Reported net asset value amounted to SEK 604,865 million (SEK 197 per share) on 31 December 2022. The change 
in net asset value, with dividend added back, was -10 per cent. during 2022. Over the past 5 years, annual average 
net asset value growth, with dividend added back, has been 14 per cent. The corresponding total return of the 
Stockholm Stock Exchange (SIXRX) was 10 per cent. 
The consolidated net profit for 2022, which includes unrealised change in value, was SEK -74,762 million (SEK -
24.38 basic earnings per share), compared to SEK 227,965 million (SEK 74.45 basic earnings per share) for 2021. 
Listed Companies contributed SEK -27,851 million to net asset value (159,327), Patricia Industries contributed SEK 
6,645 million to net asset value (9,894) and EQT contributed SEK 40,370 million to net asset value (63,988) as at 
31 December 2022. 
Investor’s net debt position was SEK 10,263 million as at 31 December 2022. 
Leverage (net debt/adjusted total assets) was 1.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 (1.9) and consolidated net sales 
for the year was SEK 51,812 million (40,737). 
The total shareholder return on Investor’s B-share amounted to -15 per cent. during 2022. 
 
Recent Performance and Developments  
As of 31 March 2023, the reported net asset value of the Investor Group amounted to SEK 638,142 million, an 
increase of SEK 33,277 million compared to the net asset value of the Investor Group as at 31 December 2022. 
Adjusted net asset value (NAV) amounted to SEK 723,621 million (SEK 236 per share) on March 31, 2023, a change 
of SEK 50,371 million, or 7 per cent., during the quarter. Total shareholder return amounted to 9 per cent. during the 
quarter, compared to 9 per cent. for the SIXRX return index. Listed Companies generated a total return of 8 per cent. 
Based on estimated market values, the total return for Patricia Industries, excluding cash, amounted to 13 per cent.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(12 per cent. including cash). Organic sales growth for the major subsidiaries amounted to 11 per cent. in constant 
currency. Both reported EBITA and adjusted EBITA increased by 35 per cent. Mölnlycke reported organic sales 
growth of 13 per cent. in constant currency. The value change of investments in EQT amounted to -4 per cent. Net 
cash flow to Investor amounted to SEK -749 million. 
Board of Directors of Investor 
Jacob Wallenberg 
 
Chairman since 2005, Vice 
Chairman since 1999, elected 
1998, born 1956 
 
Chair: Confederation of Swedish Enterprise, 
Vice Chair: ABB, Ericsson, FAM, Patricia 
Industries, Wallenberg Investments, Director: 
The Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, 
the Marianne and Marcus Wallenberg 
Foundation, Tsinghua School of Economic 
Advisory board, Steering Committee of The 
European Round Table of Industrialists 
(ERT). Member: IBLAC (Mayor of 
Shanghai’s International Business Leaders 
Advisory Council), the Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA). 
 
Gunnar Brock 
 
Elected 2009, born 1950 
 
Chair: Stena, Neptunia Invest, Director: 
Patricia Industries, ABB, Member: The Royal 
Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences 
(IVA). 
 
Johan Forssell 
 
Elected 2015, born 1971 
 
Director: Atlas Copco, Confederation of 
Swedish Enterprise, Epiroc, Patricia 
Industries, EQT AB, Wärtsilä. Member: The 
Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering 
Sciences (IVA). 
 
Magdalena Gerger 
 
Elected 2014, born 1964 
 
Chair: Nefab Group, IVA Business Council, 
British-Swedish Chamber of Commerce in 
Sweden, Director: Peab, Currys plc. 
 
Tom Johnstone, CBE 
 
Elected 2010, born 1955 
 
Chair: Collegial, Combient. Husqvarna, 
Wärtsilä. Director: Northvolt, Volvo Cars, 
Member: The Royal Swedish Academy of 
Engineering Sciences (IVA). 
 
Isabelle Kocher  
 
Elected 2021, born 1966 
 
Chair and CEO : Blunomy, Director: Le 
Cercle des Économistes, RAISE, The B 
Team, EGIS, President : Les Entretiens de 
l’Excellence. 
 
Sara Öhrvall 
 
Elected 2022, born 1971 
 
Chair: Humla, Pontus Schultz stion, Senior 
Advisor: Axel Johnson, Director: Axfood, 
Axel Johnson International, SNS, Bonnier 
Books, Stockholm Resilience Center 
International Advisory Board.  
 
Sven Nyman  
 
 
Elected 2021, born 1959   
 
Vice Chair: SEB, Director: Axel and 
Margaret Ax:son Johnson Foundation, Axel 
and Margaret Ax:son Johnson Foundation for 
Public Benefit, Ferd Holding A/S, Stockholm

--- Page 71 ---
71 
School of Economics, The Nobel Foundation 
Investment Committee. 
Grace Reksten 
Skaugen 
 
Elected 2006, born 1953 
 
Chair: Euronov NV, Orrön Energy, Co-
founder and Director: Norwegian Institute of 
Directors, Director: Panoro Energy, PJT 
Partners. 
 
Hans Stråberg 
 
Elected 2011, born 1957 
 
Chair: Atlas Copco, Anocca, CTEK, Roxtec, 
SKF, Director: Mellbygård, Member: The 
Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering 
Sciences (IVA). 
 
Marcus Wallenberg 
 
Vice Chairman since 2015 
Elected 2012, born 1956 
 
Chair: FAM, Saab, Patricia Industries, SEB, 
Wallenberg Investments, The Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA), 
Vice Chair: EOT AB, the Knut and Alice 
Wallenberg Foundation, the Marianne and 
Marcus Wallenberg Foundation, Director: 
AstraZeneca. 
 
 
The business address of all of the Directors is the registered office of the Issuer.  
The Nomination Committee proposes the following persons for re-election as members of the Board of Directors at 
Investor’s AGM on May 3, 2023: Gunnar Brock, Johan Forssell, Magdalena Gerger, Tom Johnstone, Isabelle 
Kocher, Sven Nyman, Grace Reksten Skaugen, Hans Stråberg, Jacob Wallenberg, Marcus Wallenberg and Sara 
Öhrvall. 
Executive Leadership Team 
Johan Forssell(1) ................ 
 
President and Chief Executive Officer. Employed at Investor since 1995, born 
1971. 
 
Helena Saxon(1) ................ 
 
Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer. Employed at Investor since 1997, 
born 1970. 
 
Daniel Nodhäll(1) .............. 
 
Managing Director, Head of Listed Companies. Employed at Investor since 
2002, born 1978. 
 
Petra Hedengran (1) ........... 
 
General Counsel, Head of Corporate Governance and responsible for 
investments in EQT funds. Employed at Investor since 2007, born 1964. 
 
Viveka Hirdman-
Ryrberg(1) .......................... 
Head of Corporate Communication and Sustainability. Employed at Investor 
since 2018, born 1963. 
 
Jessica Häggström(1) ......... 
Head of Human Resources. Employed at Investor since 2017, born 1969. 
 
Christian Cederholm(1) ..... 
Head of Patricia Industries. Employed at Investor since 2001, born 1978. 
 
 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Business address: 
Investor AB, Arsenalsgatan 8C, 103 32 Stockholm, the Kingdom of Sweden  
Telephone +46 8 6142000 
Telefax +46 8 6142150

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
None of the directors of Investor or the members of its Executive Leadership Team have any conflict or potential 
conflict of interests between their duties to Investor and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
TAXATION  
Swedish Taxation  
The following disclosure outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of Notes. The disclosure is 
based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information 
only. The disclosure does not address, inter alia, situations where Notes are held in an investment savings account 
(Sw. investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Further, the disclosure does not address credit of foreign taxes. Investors should consult their professional tax 
advisers regarding the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties 
for the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of the Notes in their particular 
circumstances. 
Holders not tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the 
holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (i) is not resident in 
the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a permanent establishment in the Kingdom 
of Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected.  
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal amount or any 
amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except for certain payments of interest (and other 
return on Notes) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) who is resident in the Kingdom of 
Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see “Holders tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden”, below). 
Holders tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with residence in 
the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, income that is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example, life insurance companies and investment companies 
(Sw. investmentföretag). Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder 
of Notes realises a capital loss on the Notes and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in the Kingdom 
of Sweden, including a Swedish branch, or in certain cases a clearing institution within the EEA, to a private 
individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, 
Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes 
should normally also be withheld on other return on Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together 
with such a payment of interest referred to above. 
Luxembourg  
The description which follows is of a general nature. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within 
this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore 
consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax 
law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the exception below, there is no withholding 
tax on payments of principal, premium or interest, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for 
withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated Programme Agreement dated  
29 April 2022 (the “Programme Agreement”), between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers and who agree to be 
bound by the restrictions below. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at 
the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the 
Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the establishment of 
the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions 
in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe for 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by US tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, US persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any dealer that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
Kingdom of Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or 
purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in 
relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in the Kingdom of Sweden except in circumstances that will not result 
in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.  
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business, and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any such Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of such Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented , warranted and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Japan) or to others for the re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, 
or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of 
the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
 
 
Switzerland 
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or a solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The Notes 
may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus nor any other

--- Page 78 ---
78 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available 
in Switzerland. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive.  
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in the Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ] / [UK MiFIR]. Consequently, no 
key information document required Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
[are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] 
/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]1 
 
Investor AB (publ)  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the €5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 28 April 2023 [and the Prospectus supplement dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. These Final Terms have been published on the website of the 
Issuer (https://www.investorab.com/). The Prospectus [and the Prospectus supplement] has been published on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.investorab.com/) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [3 June 2013/16 May 2014/2 May 2018/30 April 2019/30 April 
2020/29 April 2022] and incorporated by reference into the Prospectus dated 28 April 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 28 April 2023 [and the 
Prospectus supplement dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus dated 28 April 2023 [and the 
Prospectuses supplement dated [●] and [●]]. These Final Terms have been published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.investorab.com/). The Prospectuses [and the supplements to the Prospectuses] have been published on 
the website of the Issuer (https://www.investorab.com/) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).] 
 
 [(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 [(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes
with the [insert amount, interest rate, maturity date and
issue date of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue
 
1 
 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert
date]]]].] 
 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus
accrued interest from []] 
 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]  
Minimum denominations of €100,000 or equivalent (if
denominated in another currency) required when Notes are
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA
or offered to the public in an EEA Member State or the
United Kingdom 
 (ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 [i] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[ii] Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
 Maturity Date: 
[] Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [] 
 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/Other Benchmark] +/ [●]% Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase, cancellation or early redemption,
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per
cent. of their Nominal Amount 
 
 Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date]
paragraph 14/15 applies and for the period from (and
including) date, up to (and including) the Maturity Date,
paragraph 14/15 applies]/[Not applicable] 
 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Redemption Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
 
 Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/  
monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment
Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual - ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360] [30/360] [Actual/Actual - ICMA][360/360]
[Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360
(ISDA)]] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year  
 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 (i) 
Interest Period(s) 
[●] 
 (ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 (iii) Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment Date)
 (iv) Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 (v) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 (vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 (vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 (viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Second London business day prior to the start of each
Interest Accrual Period] [First day of each Interest Accrual
Period] [Second day on where the TARGET 2 system or any
successor or replacement system is open prior to the start of
each Interest Accrual Period] [[] business day[s] prior to the
start of each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 (ix) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 (x) Linear Interpolation (Condition 5(b)): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 (xi) Margin(s) 
[+/-][●]% per annum 
 (xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 (xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 (xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual - ISDA] [Actual 365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360] [30/360] [Actual/Actual - ICMA][360/360]
[Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360
(ISDA)]] 
 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 (i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
 (ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 (iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: [●] per Calculation Amount  
 (iv) Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 Make-whole Redemption Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 (i) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
(If a Par Call Commencement Date is specified below, the
Reference Bond should most closely mature on the Par Call
Commencement Date rather than the Maturity Date) 
 (ii) Quotation Time:  
(iii) Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
[[●] per cent./None] 
 (iv) Determination Date: 
[●] 
 (v) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  [●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount:  [●] per Calculation Amount 
 (vi) Notice period: 
[●] 
 (vii) Par Call Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on Event of Default or other early 
redemption : 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
 Form of Notes 
[Bearer Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global
Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent
Global Note] 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of EUR
100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of EUR 1,000
(or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing
such Notes shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent
Global Note. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue by a
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes] 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
 New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
 Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
 U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[Reg S compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ………………………………. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
85 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf)
for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List of the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[●] with effect from [●]./
None] 
 
 
(ii) Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf)
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the [regulated
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[●] with effect
from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated: 
[S&P: [•]] 
[Moody’s: [•]]  
[[Other]: [•]]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that
rating. A brief explanation of the rating(s) assigned by each
rating agency should be given.) 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable:
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the EU
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as
amended, the “CRA Regulation”). 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the EU
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”), although
notification of the registration decision has not yet been
provided. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the
EU and [is/are] not certified under Regulation (EC) No
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and the
rating[s] [it has/they have] given to the Notes [is/are] not
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EU and
registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
[Insert meaning of respective ratings, as categorised by the
assigning rating agency: to include a brief description of the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published
by the ratings provider] 
 
 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer.][Other than [●]/[as set forth in “Reasons for the offer” below], no person involved in the offer of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
 Fixed Rate Notes only — YIELD  
 Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in Prospectus / [●]] 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria
have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria
have been met.] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Address of any alternative clearing system(s) to be specified
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by
reference to [[specify benchmark] which is provided by
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof,
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in
the register of administrators and benchmarks established
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets
Authority pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify
benchmark] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation
(EU) 2016/1011]/[by virtue of Article 2 of that
regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply such that [administrator
legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation
or registration (or if located outside the EU, recognition,
endorsement or equivalence)][Not Applicable] 
 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iv) Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. By approving this 
Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transaction 
contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of 
the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Each Tranche of Notes will 
be listed separately, subject only to the issue of a Temporary or Permanent Global Note (or one or more 
Certificates) in respect of each Tranche. Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third 
working day after the day of the transaction. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the 
Programme.  
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Kingdom of Sweden in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The issue of the Notes under the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 11 November 1997 and the update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes was further authorised by additional resolutions of the Board of Directors 
passed on 8 November 2000 and 11 October 2006.  
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or of the 
Group since 31 March 2023 and, save as disclosed in the section of this Prospectus headed “Recent 
Performance and Developments”, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or 
of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus 
which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
the Group or of the Issuer.  
5. 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitation provided in Section 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code”. 
6. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
7. 
LEI number of Investor AB: 549300VEBQPHRZBKUX38 
8. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The 
Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
9. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
From the date of this Prospectus and for so long as any Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the 
following documents (together with English translations where applicable) will be available for inspection at 
https://www.investorab.com/:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(i) 
the Amended and Restated Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive 
Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the published annual report and audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and the most recent published interim accounts; 
(v) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market 
for listed securities or any other stock exchange; and 
(vi) 
a copy of the Prospectus or any further Prospectus or supplement to the Prospectus. 
This Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference herein may be obtained from the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
11. 
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated accounts of the Issuer and the latest interim consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer may be obtained, and copies of the Trust Deed will be available for inspection, at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is 
outstanding. 
12. 
Deloitte AB (authorised and regulated by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants — Revisorsnämnden) 
has audited, and rendered unqualified audit reports on, the consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
13. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
14. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
15. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, that information has been accurately reproduced and, 
as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
16. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.investorab.com/. The information on https://www.investorab.com/ 
or any website mentioned in this Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites 
have not been verified and do not form part of this Prospectus and investors should not rely on such 
information, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Investor AB (publ) 
Arsenalsgatan 8C 
S-103 32 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel: +46 8 614 20 00 
 
 
ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8  
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
Advokatfirman Vinge KB 
Smålandsgatan 20 
S-111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT,  
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
Citigroup Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank, N.A. London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA  
69, route d’Esch 
L-2953  
Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte AB 
Rehnsgatan 11 
113 57 Stockholm 
Sweden