--- Page 1 ---
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
Swedish 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(Sw. Finansinspektionen) on 14 February 2025. The Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after the date 
of the approval, provided that Investment AB Latour (publ) fulfils the obligation under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, the Prospectus Regulation, if applicable, to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. The Company is under no obligation 
to prepare supplements to the Base Prospectus after the validity period has expired.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INVESTMENT AB LATOUR (PUBL) 
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR MEDIUM TERM NOTES PROGRAMME OF A MAXIMUM OF  
TWENTY (20) BILLION SWEDISH KRONOR OR THE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN EURO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger: 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
 
Dealers: 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
SEB 
Nordea

--- Page 2 ---
1 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) refers to Investment AB Latour’s (publ) (“Latour” or the “Company”), Swedish corporate 
registration number 556026-3237, programme for the issuance of Medium Term Notes (“MTN”) in Swedish kronor (“SEK”) or in Euro (“EUR”) 
with varying tenors, although with a minimum of one (1) year, within the framework of a maximum total nominal amount, outstanding at 
the time, of SEK twenty billion (20,000,000,000) or the equivalent amount in EUR (the “MTN-Programme”). The nominal amount per MTN 
may not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent amount in SEK). The Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purposes of the 
admission to trading of MTNs on a regulated market in Sweden, within the framework of the general terms and conditions of the MTN-
Programme, of which an unofficial English translation is included in the Base Prospectus (the “General Terms and Conditions”), as the 
case may be, and the form of final terms, of which an unofficial English translation is included in the Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”).  
 
References in the Base Prospectus made to the “Group” refer to the Company together with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise evident from 
the context. Definitions in the Base Prospectus, if not specifically defined in the Base Prospectus, can be found in the General Terms and 
Conditions of the MTN-Programme and, where applicable, in the Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms within 
the framework of the MTN-Programme has been prepared based on Swedish law. Disputes regarding the General Terms and Conditions, 
applicable Final Terms or the Base Prospectus will be decided by a Swedish court. Stockholm District Court will be the court of first 
instance. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) in accordance 
with Article 20 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), which is the national competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus, 
provided that the Base Prospectus is supplemented in accordance with Article 23(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, during its period of 
validity. The obligation to prepare a supplement occurs in the event of any significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies that may affect the assessment of the MTN, and which occur during the period of validity of the Base Prospectus. The SFSA 
only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency set out in the Prospectus 
Regulation. After the date of the Base Prospectus, the Company does not undertake to amend or update the Base Prospectus except as 
stated above regarding the requirements to prepare a supplement. 
 
The Base Prospectus must be read together with all documents incorporated by reference, the General Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms under the MTN-Programme, as well as any supplementary prospectuses to the Base Prospectus. The Dealers have not verified the 
content of the Base Prospectus and are not responsible for its content. For further information about, and to obtain, the Base Prospectus 
electronically, please refer to the Company. The Base Prospectus is available on the Company’s website, https://www.latour.se/en, the 
SFSA’s website, https://fi.se/en/our-registers/prospektregistret/, and the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) website, 
www.esma.europa.eu. 
 
Readers of the Base Prospectus must note that the information on the Company’s website, https://www.latour.se/en or equivalent links 
referring to all or part of the Company’s website, is not incorporated in the Base Prospectus unless this information is incorporated into 
the Base Prospectus by reference, see the section “Documents incorporated by reference”. Information on the Company’s or a third party’s 
website has not been reviewed or approved by the SFSA. 
 
The Base Prospectus may not be distributed, forwarded, reproduced or made available in or to any country where such publication or 
distribution would require further documentation to be prepared or registration to take place or other action to be taken, beyond that 
which is required by Swedish law, or where this would be contrary to applicable laws or regulations in said country. Individuals who have 
access to the Base Prospectus are obliged to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. MTN issued under the Base 
Prospectus have not been registered, and will not be registered, under the United States Securities Act 1933. MTN may not be transferred 
or offered for sale in the USA or to an individual who is resident in the USA or on behalf of such a person. 
 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflects the Company’s current views or expectations with respect 
to future events and financial and operational performance. Words such as “anticipate”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, 
or similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical 
facts, constitute forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is inherently associated with both known and unknown risks 
and uncertainties, as it is dependent on future events and circumstances. Forward-looking information does not constitute a guarantee of 
future performance or developments, and actual outcomes may differ materially from that which is stated in forward-looking information. 
Factors that may cause the Company’s future results and developments to differ from that which can be expressed in forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, those described in the section “Risk Factors”. Forward-looking information in the Base 
Prospectus is only valid as of the date of publication of the Base Prospectus. The Company undertakes no obligation to publish updates or 
revisions to forward-looking information as a result of new information, future events or similar circumstances, other than as required by 
applicable legislation. 
 
In respect to each issue of MTN, a target market assessment will be made by the Arranger and the Dealers for MTN and appropriate 
distribution channels for MTN will be determined. An individual who subsequently offers, sells or recommends MTN (a “Distributor”) should 
take the target market assessment into account. However, a Distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) is obliged to carry 
out its own target market assessment in respect of MTN (either by applying or adapting the target market assessment) and determining the 
appropriate distribution channels. According to MiFID’s product governance requirements under the (EU) Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(“MiFID Product Governance Rules”), it is necessary to determine, in relation to each issue, whether the Arranger or any of the Dealers 
involved in the issue of MTN is a manufacturer of such MTN. Neither the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective subsidiaries that 
are not participating in an issue, will be considered to be manufacturer in accordance with the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF LATOUR’S MTN-PROGRAMME .............................................. 3 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION ................................................................................. 6 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................ 8 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR LOANS UNDER THE MTN-
PROGRAMME ................................................................................................. 13 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................. 29 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION .............................................................................. 33 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR EXECUTIVES AND AUDITOR ........................ 43 
OVERVIEW OF HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................ 47 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION .................. 48 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................... 50 
LEGAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS .......................... 53 
ADDRESSES ................................................................................................... 54

--- Page 4 ---
3 
 
DESCRIPTION OF LATOUR’S MTN-PROGRAMME 
 
Overview 
This MTN programme (the “MTN-Programme”) constitutes a framework under which the Company intends to raise 
loans in Swedish kronor (“SEK”) or (“EUR”) with varying tenors, although not less than one (1) year, within the 
framework of a maximum total nominal amount, outstanding at the time, of SEK twenty billion (20,000,000,000) 
or the equivalent amount in EUR.1 The nominal amount per MTN may not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent 
amount in SEK). The Board of Directors resolved to establish the MTN-Programme on 3 November 2017. 
 
General 
Loans are raised through the issue of promissory notes, known as Medium Term Notes (“MTN” or “Loans”). The 
MTN-Programme forms part of the Company’s debt financing and is aimed at qualified investors in the Swedish 
capital market. MTN are freely transferable in nature. 
 
For all MTN issued under the MTN-Programme, the general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and 
Conditions”) included in the Base Prospectus will apply. In addition, for each MTN, supplementary Final Terms will 
apply, which, together with the General Terms and Conditions, will constitute the complete Loan Terms and 
Conditions for the relevant MTN.  
 
The Company has appointed Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as the arranger (the “Arranger”). The Arranger, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Nordea Bank Abp constitute dealer agents, as well as any other dealer 
agent that accedes as dealers under the MTN-Programme (the “Dealers”). As Dealers under the MTN-Programme, 
the above Dealers have no financial or other relevant interests in this regard, except for any fees. The Dealers have 
not verified the content of the Base Prospectus.  
 
As far as the Company is aware, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, there are no other individuals involved in 
the issuing of MTN who have any financial or other relevant interests. However, this assessment will be made for 
each MTN and will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
 
Status 
MTN constitute an unsecured debt obligation with equal rank and rights to payment (pari passu) with the Company’s 
other, existing or unsecured and unsubordinated obligations for which preferential rights do not follow from 
legislation. 
 
Form of securities and identification 
MTN issued under the MTN-Programme are a unilateral debt obligation issued in dematerialized book-entry form 
and registered on a securities account on behalf of the relevant Bondholder and connected to Euroclear Sweden’s 
account-based system, which is why no physical securities will be issued. The MTN-Programme is affiliated with 
Euroclear Sweden, and the Final Terms contain the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) obtained 
from Euroclear Sweden. 
 
Euroclear Sweden has the following address: Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 7822, SE-103 97 Stockholm, Sweden. 
 
Green framework and terms for green bonds 
Latour has established a green framework to enable sustainable financing which has been published on the 
Company’s website (the “Green Framework”). The Green Framework describes the special terms and conditions 
(the “Green Terms”) that are applicable to the issue of green bonds (“Green Bonds”). On 2 June 2022, the 
Company issued its first two Green Bonds, which amounted to a total of SEK 700 million. 
 
The Green Framework is based on ICMA’s Green Bond Principles, updated as of June 2021 (the “GBP”). The GBP 
are voluntary process guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the 
development of the Green Bond market by clarifying the approach for issuance of a Green Bond. The GBP are 
intended for broad use by the market: they provide issuers with guidance on the key components involved in 
launching a credible Green Bond; they aid investors by promoting availability of information necessary to evaluate 
the environmental impact of their Green Bond investments; and they assist underwriters by offering vital steps that 
will facilitate transactions that preserve the integrity of the market. As reflected in the Green Framework, the four 
 
1 The framework amount was increased from the previous SEK 15 billion to the current SEK 20 billion or the equivalent amount in 
EUR through an addendum agreement that was entered into on 14 February 2025 by the Company, the Arranger and the Dealers.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
 
core components for alignment with the GBP are (i) Use of Proceeds, (ii) Process for Project Evaluation and 
Selection, (iii) Management of Proceeds and (iv) Reporting. 
 
To ensure that the Green Framework meet the ambitious sustainability requirements that are aligned with 
applicable regulations and standards, the independent research institute Shades of Green (a former subsidiary of 
CICERO Center for International Climate Research which was acquired by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited in 
2022) has reviewed the Green Framework and provided a so called second opinion, where it has been rated “Medium 
Green”. The second opinion determines the Green Framework’s environmental robustness, including its alignment 
with the GBP, and is available at Latour’s website (latour.se). 
 
In order for the Green Terms to apply to a particular Loan, the Final Terms for the Loan must specify that the Loan 
constitutes a Green Bond. The Green Terms may be updated from time to time by the Company in whole or in part 
in order to reflect changes in the GBP, “best practice” in the market or relevant applicable laws. For Loans issued 
prior to such updates, the Green Terms that applied as of the Loan Date will still apply for such Loan regardless of 
changes in the Green Terms that occur after the Loan Date. The Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 Taxonomy Regulation (the “Taxonomy Regulation”), fully 
effective since January 2023, and Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 
November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the “EuGB Regulation”), effective since December 2024, require 
that European Green Bond proceeds fund projects meeting Taxonomy Regulation standards. The Green Framework 
was established to align with the Taxonomy Regulation and earlier drafts of the EuGB Regulation that was published 
when the Green Framework was adopted.  
 
The Green Terms are divided into the following four sections: 
 
1. Use of Proceeds: An amount equivalent to the proceeds from Green Bonds will exclusively be used by Latour to 
fully or partly finance or refinance investments and expenditures that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate 
resilient and sustainable economies. Such assets (“Eligible Green Assets”) must comply with the certain specified 
categories and criteria. For example, Eligible Green Assets must be assessed as eligible according to the 
requirement of the Taxonomy Regulation and the proposed European Green Bond Standard published by the 
European Commission in July 2021. Furthermore, net proceeds will not be allocated or linked to fossil based energy 
generation, nuclear energy generation, research and/or development within weapons and defence, potentially 
environmentally negative resource extraction (such as rare-earth elements or fossil fuels), gambling or tobacco. 
Eligible Green Assets fall into three categories: (i) Manufacturing of Energy Efficient Products, (ii) Energy Efficiency, 
and (iii) Construction and real estate activities. 
 
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection: The evaluation and selection process for Eligible Green Assets is 
a key process in ensuring that the net proceeds from Green Bonds are allocated to assets and activities which meet 
the criteria in the Green Framework. Identified projects and assets will be evaluated by a Green Business Council 
consisting of the Company’s CEO, CFO and Head of Sustainability. 
 
3. Management of Proceeds: An amount equal to the proceeds of Green Bonds, without deducting costs, will be 
tracked by Latour (the “Green Portfolio”). Deductions will be made from the Green Portfolio by an equivalent 
amount corresponding to the financing, refinancing, investment or expenditure of Eligible Green Assets or at 
repayment of any Green Bonds. 
 
4. Reporting and Transparency: In order to be fully transparent towards its stakeholders, Latour will publish an 
annual allocation and impact report in English on its website (www.latour.se/en/green-financing) that contain 
information about the allocation of funds adherence to the Green Terms and impact data for financed Green Assets 
and activities. 
 
If the Company should fail to comply with the Green Terms in relation to a particular Loan, this does not result in 
a termination right for Bondholders under such Loan, which is why Bondholders in such case are not entitled to 
request early repayment or repurchase of MTN or other compensation in such an event. 
 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
According to the General Terms and Conditions, any admission to trading on a Regulated Market will be specified 
in the Final Terms, and if MTN are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the application will be 
submitted to Nasdaq Stockholm or another Regulated Market. The Regulated Market to which the application is 
made will be entitled to make its own assessment and then admit or reject the registration of a Loan.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
 
 
The Company is liable for all costs associated with the admission to trading of MTN under the MTN-Programme, 
such as costs to prepare the Base Prospectus. The cost for registering a Loan on a Regulated Market may be affected 
by the nominal amount and duration, which can be found from the currently applicable price list for the relevant 
Regulated Market. 
 
Credit rating 
A credit rating is the rating that a borrower can obtain from an independent credit rating agency in respect of its 
ability to meet its financial commitments. On 20 November 2024, the credit rating agency Fitch affirmed Latour’s 
credit rating of A, with a stable outlook. For complete information regarding the Company’s credit rating, see the 
section “Legal considerations and supplementary information - Credit rating”. 
 
Credit rating may also be set on a Loan. If MTN are to receive or have received a credit rating, this is specified in 
the Final Terms. This ability is also known as creditworthiness. There is no guarantee that a credit rating has taken 
into account all the risks associated with investment in MTN. A credit rating is therefore not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities, and can be changed or revoked by the credit rating agency at any time. It is the 
obligation of each individual to obtain up-to-date information about credit ratings, as these may be subject to 
change. 
 
Time-bar for claims 
A claim for principal of MTN is limited and void ten (10) years after the Maturity Date. A claim for interest is limited 
to three years after the relevant Interest Payment Date. If a claim is limited as regards time, the funds set aside 
for payment of the claim will accrue to the Company. In the event of an interruption in the limitation period, a 
new limitation period of 10 years in the case of the principal MTN and three years in respect of interest amounts 
will apply, in both cases calculated from the date set out in provisions on the effect of interruptions in limitation 
periods in the Swedish Limitations Act (1981:130). 
 
Governing law 
MTN are issued in accordance with Swedish law. Disputes regarding the Loan Terms and Conditions will be settled 
by a Swedish court. The Stockholm District Court (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) will be the court of first instance.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION 
 
Below is a description of the structures and terms that is applicable in the Loan Terms and Conditions and that 
apply when issuing Loans under the MTN-Programme. The structure of each Loan is set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, which will apply together with the General Terms and Conditions applicable at the time of the MTN-
Programme. For a description of the definitions set out below, see the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
INTEREST STRUCTURES 
For Loans issued under the MTN-Programme, the applicable interest rate structure for the specific Loan will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. Under the MTN-Programme, in accordance with section 6 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, it is possible to issue Loans with one of the interest rate structures described below. When calculating 
the interest period during which the interest rate is to run, different day count convention methods are used 
depending on which interest rate structure is applied.  
 
Day Count Convention of the Interest Period 
Interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Dates and is 
calculated according to one of the Day Count Convention Methods described below. 
 
• 
“30/360” - means that the amount is calculated for a year with 360 days, consisting of twelve months 
each of 30 days, and during the broken month the actual number of days that have elapsed in the month. 
• 
“Actual/360” - means that the amount is calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period 
divided by 360. 
Which of these structures for Day Count Convention of the Interest Period that applies for a particular Loan is 
specified in the Final Terms of the Loan. 
 
 
MTN with Fixed Rate 
If the Loan is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate in SEK or EUR, the Loan will run with interest according to the 
Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity Date. 
  
In the case of a Loan with Fixed Rate, the interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on 
the relevant Interest Payment Dates and is calculated according to the Day Count Convention method specified in 
the Final Terms (see “Day Count Convention of the Interest Period” above for information about calculation 
methods). 
 
MTN with Floating Rate (FRN) 
If the Loan is specified as a Loan with floating rate in SEK or EUR, the Loan will run with interest from (but excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity Date. The interest rate for each interest period 
is determined by the Administrative Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and consists of the Base Rate 
plus the Base Rate Margin for the same period, adjusted with regard to the application of section 13 (Replacement 
of Base Rate) of the General Terms and Conditions. If the calculation of the interest rate entails a value lower than 
zero, the interest rate will be considered to be zero. 
 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to an obstacle as referred to in 
point 17.1 of the General Terms and Conditions, the Loan will continue to run at the interest rate that applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist, the Administrative Agent 
will calculate a new Interest Rate, which will apply from the second Business Day after the date of the estimate up 
until the end of the current Interest Period.  
 
The interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date and 
is calculated according to the Day Count Convention method specified in the Final Terms (see “Day Count Convention 
of the Interest Period” above for information about calculation methods).  
 
Base Rate for MTN with Floating Rate 
The Base Rate is the reference rate specified in the Final Terms. This generally means STIBOR for Loans in SEK and 
EURIBOR for Loans in EUR. If, at a given time and with respect to MTN with Floating Rate, the reference rate is 
specified in the Final Terms as other than STIBOR, the interest rate for said MTN will be specified and determined 
in accordance with the Final Terms for MTN.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
 
STIBOR refers to (a) the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant day and published on the 
information system LSEG’s page “STIBOR =” (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces the 
said system or page) for SEK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (b) if no such interest rate 
is available for the relevant Interest Period according to point (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded 
upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or (c) if no such interest rate is specified in 
accordance with point (a) and (b), the interest rate which, according to the reasonable estimate of the 
Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK in the Stockholm interbank market for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
 
EURIBOR refers to (a) the interest rate as displayed as of around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day, is specified page 
EURIBOR01 of the LSEG screen (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or 
page) for EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (b) if no such interest rate is available for 
the relevant Interest Period according to point (a), the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards to four decimal places) 
as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the European Reference Banks for deposits of EUR 
10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or (c) if no interest rate is specified in accordance with point (a) and 
(b), the interest rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
 
The Benchmark Regulation 
Interest paid on MTN issued under the MTN-Programme can be calculated using certain benchmarks as defined in the 
General Terms and Conditions. These benchmarks are STIBOR (provided through Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility AB (“SFBF”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Global Rate Set Systems Ltd.), and EURIBOR (provided by the 
European Money Market Institute). SFBF is registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks provided by 
ESMA in accordance with Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”) following 
authorization on 21 April 2023. The European Money Market Institute (provider of EURIBOR) is also registered in said 
register following authorization on 2 July 2019.  
 
MTN without interest (Zero Coupon Loans) 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon Loan, the Loan will run without interest, which means that MTN can be 
sold at a rate equal to, below or above the Nominal Amount, where the return is received on the Maturity Date in 
connection with the repayment of the nominal amount.  
 
Repayment and repurchase 
Loans fall due for payment at their Nominal Amount, as applicable under the relevant Final Terms, on the Maturity 
Date, along with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Loan 
is repaid on the following Business Day. Payment of the Nominal Amount and interest must take place in the 
currency in which the Loan has been taken out, to the person who is registered as the Bondholder on the Record 
Date prior to the relevant due date, or to another person who is registered with Euroclear Sweden who is entitled 
to receive such payment. 
 
The Company may, by agreement with Bondholders, repurchase MTN at any time provided this is compatible with 
applicable law. MTN that are owned by the Company may, according to the Company’s own decision, be retained, 
transferred or redeemed. 
 
GREEN BONDS 
The Company has established the Green Framework which describes the Green Terms applicable to the issuance 
of Green Bonds. Section 16 of the Final Terms contains provisions regarding the possibility to issue Green Bonds. 
 
For more information of Green Bonds, see the section “Green framework and terms for green bonds” and the risk 
factor “Risks associated with Green Bonds” in the section “Risk related to MTN”.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Prior to an investment decision in the Company’s MTN, it is important to carefully analyze the risk factors that are 
deemed to be of importance to Latour. The risk factors that are deemed to be significant for the Company are set 
out below. These risk factors are attributable to the Company and its market, operational risks, legal risks, 
financial risks and risks related to MTN. Furthermore, the Company has assessed the materiality of the risk factors 
on the basis of the likelihood of their realization and the anticipated extent of their adverse effects. The risk 
factors that, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, are considered to constitute the most significant risk factors 
are presented first in each category, while subsequent risk factors are presented in no particular order.  
 
The following risks may have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operations, financial position and/or 
earnings. These risk factors, if they occur, may also cause MTN to decrease in value, which could also result in 
Bondholders losing all or part of their invested capital. 
 
Financial information that is presented in brackets constitutes comparative information for the corresponding 
period for the 2023 financial year.  
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP AND ITS MARKET 
Risks related to the valuation and development of Latour’s investment portfolio 
Latour’s investment portfolio consists of several companies in various businesses and sectors. All of these companies 
are affected, to varying degrees, by macroeconomic factors such as general global or local economic trends, growth, 
employment trends, production rates, changes in infrastructure, regional economic development, inflation and 
interest rate levels. Latour’s investment strategy is primarily based on long-term investments in sustainable 
companies that have proprietary products and brands, considerable growth potential and that the Company believes 
have good prospects for internationalization. Latour’s operations primarily consist of two parts: the wholly owned 
industrial operations and the investment portfolio.  
 
The world’s stock markets have experienced high levels of volatility in recent years as a reaction to several different 
macroeconomic factors. The Covid-19 pandemic initially caused sharp declines, but markets rebounded strongly by 
the end of 2020 and throughout 2021. However, in 2022 and 2023, high inflation and subsequent interest rate hikes 
by central banks led to renewed pressure on share prices. Increased energy prices and political instability in Europe 
and the Middle East have further contributed to market fluctuations in recent time. These and other macroeconomic 
factors can continue to cause fluctuations in the world’s stock markets and the world economy in general as of the 
date of the Base Prospectus and entails risk for impaired valuation of Latour’s investment portfolio.  
 
The market value of the listed holdings is simple to calculate, since clearly stated market prices are available. 
Determining the value of the wholly owned operations is much more difficult and uncertain than for the investment 
portfolio because the market value, and the price that potential buyers are willing to pay for the operations, is not 
as clearly defined. As of 31 December 2024, the market value of the investment portfolio was SEK 88,672 million 
(SEK 78,838 million). Latour’s largest holdings as of 31 December 2024, in terms of their net asset value, consist of 
ASSA ABLOY (25 per cent of the net asset value), Swegon (15 per cent), Sweco (12 per cent) and Hultafors Group 
(11 per cent). As of 31 December 2024, the wholly owned industrial operations accounted for approximately 44 per 
cent of the consolidated net asset value, if using the value derived through the chosen calculation method. The 
Group’s earnings and financial position are largely dependent on how the companies in the investment portfolio 
develop, which also includes changes in the share prices of the companies that are included in Latour’s investment 
portfolio. As a result of any negative share price developments in the investment portfolio, the Group may 
potentially need to restructure its holdings.  
 
Furthermore, although Latour is the principal shareholder, or one of the principal shareholders, and have Board 
representation in all of the companies included in the investment portfolio, Latour is not a majority shareholder in 
any of them. This means that the portfolio companies can make decisions and implement measures that may be 
negative as regards Latour’s interests without the Company having had full opportunity to influence these decisions 
or measures.  
 
Valuation risk 
The Group is exposed to a price risk concerning shares due to investments held by the Group and which, in the 
Group’s balance sheet, are classified as either available-for-sale financial instruments or assets measured at fair 
value through the income statement. The price risk regarding shares covers the share price risk and the liquidity 
risk. The share price risk refers to the risk of a reduction in value due to changes in the share prices on the stock

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
market for each holding in the investment portfolio, which in turn affects the valuation of the Group’s overall 
investment portfolio. Liquidity risk means that a share can be difficult to sell for a number of reasons, including 
that the liquidity in trade over the trading venue may be limited, making it more difficult to sell all or part of a 
holding in the short term or over time. There is also a risk that there will be no buyers of larger shareholdings, both 
on the trading venue and outside. The consequence of a liquidity risk is the risk that the valuation based on the 
trading price on the trading venue is not always fair when it comes to evaluating the total holding that the Group 
has in a company in the investment portfolio. Furthermore, liquidity risk in respect of transactions that take place 
outside a trading venue may entail that the anticipated valuation of holdings cannot be realized, and the valuation 
may consequently be lower than expected, which may have an impact on the valuation of the Group’s total holdings. 
If the market value of holdings in the investment portfolio as of 31 December 2024 should change by 5 per cent, this 
would affect comprehensive income and equity by SEK 16 million (156). 
 
Risk of non-payment of dividends from Latour’s investment portfolio 
Latour’s long-term ambition is to be an active owner in the companies that form part of the Group’s investment 
portfolio. The Group’s dividend policy is to pay dividends amounting to 100 per cent of the dividends received from 
the investment portfolio and partially-owned holdings, as well as dividends totaling 40–60 per cent of the profit 
after tax in wholly-owned companies. The Group is consequently reliant to some extent on dividends from a number 
of companies in its investment portfolio in order to finance its operations, implement potential future investments 
and to go through with the dividend policy. The dividends from the companies in the investment portfolio amounted 
to SEK 1,620 million (SEK 1,441 million) in 2024, and the dividends from wholly owned industrial operations 
amounted to SEK 1,200 million (SEK 1,200 million). The investment portfolio companies’ ability to decide on 
dividends to Latour may vary from time to time and is primarily based on a number of factors such as future income, 
financial position, cash flows, the need for working capital, costs for investments or a complete lack of distributable 
funds. Reduced profitability in Latour’s investment portfolio can therefore affect its ability to pay dividends, which 
in turn may have an impact on the Group’s liquidity and financing. 
 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s main sources of financing are cash flows from its operating activities and its equity investment, as well 
as from loans. The loans are interest-bearing and thus expose the Group to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk 
relates to the possibility of changes in the interest rate level having an adverse impact on the Group’s net interest 
and/or cash flows. As of 31 December 2024, the average fixed loan period was approximately 20 months. If the 
interest rate level had been one percentage point higher, the profit/loss for the 2024 financial year would have 
been impacted by SEK 144 million (SEK 119 million).  
 
To address high inflation rates in 2022 and 2023, central banks globally rapidly increased policy rates. In 2024, 
central banks began lowering interest rates again due to moderating inflation and a more stable economic outlook. 
Despite these reductions, interest rates remain relatively high compared to historical levels and there is a risk for 
future policy rates increases, which could still impact Latour’s profitability and financial position by increasing 
borrowing costs and potentially reducing consumer demand for the Group’s products and services. 
  
Risk regarding the need for new share issues in the listed holdings 
The Company’s investment portfolio consists of ten listed holdings where Latour is the principal owner or one of 
the principal owners but does not have such influence individually in the holdings that the Company controls the 
decisions and measures that any of the companies in the investment portfolio may take. The companies in Latour’s 
investment portfolio may, from time to time, be in need of future capital and financing, where one potential 
measure for raising capital might be to conduct a new share issue to existing shareholders. Examples in recent time 
where Latour participated in new share issues in portfolio companies, and participated in relation to its pro rata 
shareholding, are HMS Networks (in 2024, an equivalent value of SEK 0.36 billion), Alimak Group (2023, SEK 0.7 
billion) and CTEK (2023, SEK 0.1 billion). 
 
In order not to risk the dilution of the Group’s holdings, Latour may need to participate in potential new issues, 
even in those cases where such capital procurement is not in line with Latour’s own interests or within the 
framework of Latour’s investment strategy, for example including defensive new share issues or crisis issues carried 
out primarily to ensure the continued operation of the business. If Latour should decide not to participate in a new 
share issue, there is a risk that the Company will also not be able to receive financial compensation through the 
sale of subscription rights, as it may be difficult to find buyers for subscription rights or because the market for 
trading in subscription rights is illiquid. The risk of defensive new share issues or crisis issues is considered low as 
of the date of the Base Prospectus. If an investment portfolio company should be in need of a defensive new share 
issue or crisis issue, this could have an impact on the Group’s liquidity.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
Risks related to the Company’s holdings in construction-related sectors 
The companies included in Latour’s investment portfolio have a broad customer base that spans a number of 
industries and geographies, with the majority being within construction and industry-related sectors, such as 
Hultafors Group, Swegon and Alimak Group. These sectors account for more than half of the Group’s holdings. In 
the construction industry, sales are divided between new construction and the repairs and maintenance sector, 
and are further divided between commercial premises, public premises and housing. The construction industry is 
exposed to particular risks such as increased interest rates, actual and anticipated changes in taxation and subsidies 
for housing and housing development, and legislative changes in respect of loan financing for the purchase of 
property. Any adverse changes or other events affecting the construction industry, given the Group’s exposure to 
it, could potentially have a detrimental effect on the Group’s financial condition.  
 
Risks related to major shareholders with significant influence 
As of 31 December 2024, the Douglas family and their companies own a total of 76.0 per cent of the capital and 
79.2 per cent of the voting rights in Latour. The Board members Eric Douglas and Carl Douglas are part of the 
Douglas family. As the single largest shareholder, the Douglas family and their companies may have the potential 
to exercise significant influence over the outcome of matters that are referred to Latour’s shareholders for 
approval, including the election of Board members and any increases in the share capital, mergers, consolidations 
or the sale of companies in the investment portfolio. The interests of the Douglas family as shareholders in Latour 
do not necessarily have to be in line with the interests of Bondholders. There is also a risk that the Group’s 
operations may be affected in the event that, for some reason, the Douglas family is unable or unwilling to continue 
to exercise an active ownership role in Latour. 
 
Currency exposure  
The Group’s operations face currency exposure in the form of exchange rate fluctuations. A breakdown of the net 
currency flows for Swedish entities for the 2024 financial year shows: NOK 631 million (NOK 644 million), DKK 224 
million (DKK 107 million), GBP 41 million (GBP 40 million), USD -84 million (USD -95 million), EUR 128 million (EUR 
114 million) and CHF 19 million (CHF 20 million). Assuming the same net transaction exposure as in the 2024 
financial year, and provided no hedging has been used, profit would have been impacted by +/- SEK 23 million if 
SEK had increased or decreased by one percentage point against all transaction currencies. The Group’s currency 
exposure consists partly of transaction exposure relating to purchases and sales in foreign currency, and partly to 
translation exposure relating to net investments in foreign subsidiaries and exchange rate fluctuations when the 
results from foreign subsidiaries are translated into SEK.  
 
Financing and liquidity risk 
The financing and liquidity risk refers to the need for future capital procurement and the risk that the refinancing 
of due loans will be carried out at a high cost. The framework of the financing risk also includes the short-term 
liquidity risk. In a business like Latour, where long-term financial resources are procured centrally, the short-term 
liquidity risk is automatically handled within long-term financing. On 31 December 2024, the Group’s net financial 
liabilities, excluding shareholdings and other securities, amounted to SEK 14,047 million. Part of the Group’s loans, 
SEK 11,950 million, are extracted from the bond market, with the remainder, amounting to SEK 1,402 million as of 
the date of the Base Prospectus, through the Group’s lines of credit. SEK 7,402 million of the liability has exposure 
to EUR through swap derivatives and loans. The non-current interest-bearing liabilities of SEK 14,854 million as of 
31 December 2024, falling due for payment up to and including 2026, are equivalent to a cash outflow of SEK 6,818 
million, of which SEK 415 million is accumulated interest. Contracts for granted credits with terms longer than one 
year contain financial covenants, which state that net debt may not exceed a certain level in relation to the listed 
market price of the Group’s listed securities. In the event that the Group violates a financial covenant, this may 
result in the Bondholder issuing a demand for immediate payment. There is a risk that the Group will not be able 
to meet the conditions and covenants stipulated for the Group’s lines of credit, which could have a negative impact 
on the Group’s cash flow. 
 
RISKS RELATED TO MTN 
Credit risk associated with MTN 
Investors in MTN issued by Latour have a credit risk in respect of the Company. This means that an investor’s ability 
to receive payment under MTN is dependent on the Group’s ability to meet its payment commitments, which 
consequently is largely dependent on the development of the Group’s operations, its ongoing financial position and 
the risks to which the Group is exposed (as described in the “Risks related to the Group and its market”). Issued 
MTN by the Company are also not covered by the state deposit guarantee. The poorer development of the Group’s 
investment portfolio or a revised view of the Group’s creditworthiness could result in a decline in the market value 
of MTN. In the event that the Group’s operations should develop negatively or if the Company’s financial position

--- Page 12 ---
11 
 
should deteriorate, there is a risk that investors’ ability to receive payment under MTN will deteriorate or that the 
value of MTN will decrease. 
 
Loans issued under the MTN-Programme are not secured 
The Company is not prevented from providing collateral for other debts, with the exception of debts that constitute 
Market Loans. Since Bondholders have no collateral in the Company’s assets, any secured creditor in the Company 
will be entitled to payment from the collateral before the Bondholders. In the event of the Company’s insolvency, 
Bondholders will therefore be unprioritized creditors, which entails the risk that they will not receive payment for 
their claims.  
 
MTN are structurally subordinated creditors in relation to companies within the Group 
The Company is dependent on other companies within the Group to be able to make payments under MTN. In order for 
the Company to be able to meet payment obligations under MTN, it is therefore necessary for companies within the 
Group to be able to provide loans or pay dividends to the Company. MTN will not be secured and companies within the 
Group will not guarantee payment obligations under MTN, and these may also have liabilities to other creditors such 
as banks that have granted loans to subsidiaries of the Company, which is why investors in MTN are structurally 
subordinated in relation to the Company’s subsidiaries creditors. If companies within the Group are declared bankrupt, 
their creditors will be entitled to full payment of their claims prior to the Company, in its capacity as a direct or 
indirect shareholder in companies within the Group, is entitled to the distribution of any remaining funds, which may 
result in Bondholders not receiving payment for their claims. 
 
Risks associated with Green Bonds 
On 2 June 2022, Latour issued its first two Green Bonds, which totaled SEK 700 million, within the framework of the 
existing MTN program. What constitutes Green Bonds is determined by criteria’s set out in the Company’s applicable 
Green Terms and Conditions, according to its wording on the Loan Date for a particular Loan. There is a risk that 
Green Bonds, according to the Green Terms and Conditions, will not suit all investors’ requirements, wishes or 
specific investment mandates. Both the Green Terms and Conditions and market practice may develop after the 
Loan Date for a particular Loan, which may result in amended Loan Terms and Conditions for subsequent Bondholders 
or amended requirements for the Company. Changes in the Green Terms and Conditions that occurs after the Loan 
Date for a certain Loan will not benefit Bondholders of the Loan.  
 
The EuGB Regulation started to apply on 21 December 2024. For issuers of European Green Bonds, including the 
Company, the EuGB Regulation entails, among other things, that (i) proceeds from European Green Bonds must be 
used for projects that meet the requirements of the Taxonomy Regulation, (ii) issuers must publish information, 
including how the proceeds are used and how environmental objectives are achieved and that (iii) European Green 
Bonds must be reviewed by so-called external reviewers to ensure compliance with the rules and the taxonomy 
criteria. There is a risk that the classification of Loans issued as Green Bonds under the Green Terms and Conditions 
are affected by the EuGB Regulation, the Taxonomy Regulation and the European Green Bond Standard, including 
future versions of these, and that the Loans will no longer be qualified as Green Bonds. If the Company does not 
meet the conditions of the Green Terms and Conditions in relation to a certain Loan or that a certain Loan due to 
the EuGB Regulation, Taxonomy Regulation or European Green Bond Standard, ceases to be classified as green, it 
does not mean that there is a ground for termination for Bondholders under such Loan. Bondholders have no right 
to early repayment or repurchase of Green Bonds or other compensation in such cases. 
 
There is a risk that the Company can only partially or not at all allocate the proceeds from Green Bonds to Eligible 
Green Assets as a result of the Company failing to identify Eligible Green Assets that sufficiently meet the 
requirements of the Green Framework. The proceeds from Green Bonds can for example be used to finance 
investments in renewable energy production and there is a risk that no such investment opportunities are available 
for the Company at favorable terms or at all, which may consequently prevent the Company from allocating the 
proceeds to Eligible Green Assets. Furthermore, there is a risk that Eligible Green Assets financed through Green 
Bonds do not contribute to sustainable or green purposes. In the future, as new research and knowledge related to 
sustainability is generated, Eligible Green Assets may not contribute to sustainability to the extent expected when 
the proceeds from Green Bonds were allocated to them. In the event that one or more Eligible Green Assets no 
longer meet the criteria in the Green Framework, it may result in the outstanding volume of Green Bonds exceeding 
the volume of what qualifies as Eligible Green Assets, which may impair the Company’s reputation and violate 
investors’ internal regulations or investment mandates. 
 
Secondary market and liquidity 
There is normally no significant real time trading in MTN on a Regulated Market on which the MTNs may be admitted 
to trading. Trading conducted in MTN is normally executed outside the trading venue through so-called OTC (Over

--- Page 13 ---
12 
 
the Counter) trading. This can apply throughout its duration, and there is therefore a risk that a functioning 
secondary market for MTN will not arise or persist. If a secondary market for MTN does not develop, liquidity may 
be low. As a result, rapidly selling an MTN or obtaining a price may be associated with difficulties compared to 
similar investments that have a liquid secondary market. In addition, the transparency of the bond market, primarily 
the OTC transactions, is called into question, as it is mainly based on the financial institutions involved in OTC 
trading reporting this correctly. The SFSA has in a 2019 supervisory report, FI Supervision No. 15 - New rules resulted 
in reduced transparency on the Swedish bond markets, noted that information about transactions on the bond 
market is sometimes so difficult to find that it can be uncertain as to whether this is because it has never been 
published or whether it is simply very difficult to access, which is contributing to the low level of transparency. For 
Bondholders, there is consequently a risk that the secondary market will not give an accurate picture of the market 
value of MTN. 
 
Currency risk and currency restrictions linked to MTN 
The Company pays the nominal amount and the interest from the MTN in SEK or EUR. This entails certain risks linked 
to currency translation in those cases where the currency differs from the individual currency in which the investor’s 
financial activities are mainly conducted. This includes the risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations (including 
devaluation and revaluation), as well as the introduction of or amendments to currency regulations. A strengthening 
of the investor’s own currency in relation to the currency in which the investment is denominated reduces the value 
of the investment for the investor, and can therefore have a negative impact on the Company’s MTN. 
 
Credit rating of MTN may not reflect all risks 
One or more credit rating agencies may rate Loans issued under the MTN-Programme, which will be specified in the 
Final Terms. There is a risk that such a rating has not factored in all the risks associated with investment in the 
Loan. A credit rating is therefore not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and can be changed or 
revoked by the credit rating agency at any time. Credit ratings that the Company has been awarded may differ from 
the credit rating obtained for a Loan, which is why an investor cannot rely exclusively on the credit rating provided. 
In the event a credit rating is provided for MTN in the Final Terms, a deterioration in the Group’s creditworthiness 
may have a negative impact on the credit rating awarded for MTN, while a poorer credit rating from a credit rating 
agency may adversely affect the value of MTN.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR LOANS UNDER THE 
MTN-PROGRAMME 
 
Table of contents 
1. 
DEFINITIONS .................................................................................. 14 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS ...................................................................... 17 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN .................................................................. 17 
4. 
ENTITLEMENT TO ACT FOR BONDHOLDERS ..................................... 17 
5. 
PAYMENTS ...................................................................................... 18 
6. 
INTEREST ....................................................................................... 18 
7. 
PENALTY INTEREST ........................................................................ 19 
8. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE ...................................................... 19 
9. 
REPURCHASE IN CASE OF CHANGE OF CONTROL ............................ 19 
10. 
UNDERTAKINGS .............................................................................. 20 
11. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS ................................................................ 21 
12. 
BONDHOLDERS’ MEETING ............................................................... 23 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE ......................................................... 25 
14. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS ETC............................................................ 27 
15. 
TIME-BAR FOR CLAIMS ................................................................... 27 
16. 
NOTICES ......................................................................................... 28 
17. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. ..................................................... 28 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION ............................................ 28 
 
 
The General Terms and Conditions of Latour’s MTN-Programme has originally been prepared and adopted in 
Swedish. The General Terms and Conditions as presented in the Base Prospectus is an unofficial English 
translation of the General Terms and Conditions. In the event of a discrepancy between the Swedish and English 
version of the General Terms and Conditions, the Swedish version is legally binding and shall prevail. The 
Swedish version is available on Latour’s web page.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
 
 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) will apply to loans that 
Investment AB Latour (publ) (corporate reg. no. 556026-3237) (the “Company”) issues on the capital market after 
14 February 2025 under an agreement that has been entered into on 15 February 2018 between the Company and 
Nordea Bank Abp2, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) regarding the 
MTN-Programme (the “MTN-Programme”) by issuing bonds in SEK or EUR with varying maturities, although not less 
than one year, known as Medium Term Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS  
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set out above, the following terms will have the meaning set out below.  
“Administrative Agent” means (i) if Loans have been issued through two or more Issuing Agents, the 
Issuing Agent designated by the Company as being responsible for certain administrative tasks relating 
to the Loan according to the Final Terms, and (ii) if loans have been issued through only one Issuing 
Agent, the Issuing Agent.  
“Record Date” means the fifth Business Day before (or another Business Day before the relevant date 
that may generally be applied to the Swedish bond market) (i) the due date for interest or the principal 
under the Loan Terms and Conditions, (ii) another date on which payment is to be made to Bondholders, 
(iii) the date of the Bondholders’ Meeting, (iv) the date on which the notification is dispatched, or (v) 
another relevant date.  
“Business Day” means a day that is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or that, in respect 
of the payment of promissory notes, is not equated with a public holiday in Sweden. Saturdays, 
Midsummer’s Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve will be considered to be equated to public holidays 
for the purpose of this definition.  
“Day Count Convention” means when calculating an amount for a particular calculation period, the 
calculation method specified in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
If the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, the amount must be calculated 
for a year with 360 days, consisting of twelve months each of 30 days, and during the broken 
month the actual number of days that have elapsed in the month. 
(b) 
If the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, the amount must be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360. 
“Dealers” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ), as well as any other dealer agent that has been specifically authorized by 
Euroclear Sweden to handle and register issues in the VPC system, and which accedes to this MTN 
Programme, although only provided such institution has not ceased to act as a dealer agent.  
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on page 
EURIBOR01 of the LSEG screen (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces 
the said system or page) for EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to 
the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the European Reference Banks for deposits 
of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
 
2 Nordea Bank Abp acceded to the Issuance Agreement through an addendum agreement dated 16 February 2024.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
 
 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the currency used by the participating Member States in accordance with the 
European Union’s regulations for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU).  
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (corp. no. 556112-8074). 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the current time, are 
quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“Bondholder” means the party listed on the Securities Account as the directly registered owner (Sw. 
ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) of an MTN. 
“Bondholders’ Meeting” means a meeting with the Bondholders in accordance with section 12 
(Bondholders’ Meeting). 
The “Principal Owners” means:  
(a) 
any of Carl Douglas (born 5 May 1965) and Eric Douglas (born 1 May 1968), or any of their 
children, or spouses of any of these persons;  
(b) 
any trust, foundation or similar legal entity in which one or more of the persons under (a) 
above is a beneficiary; or 
(c) 
any other company (listed or not), partnership, limited partnership or other legal entity that, 
directly or indirectly, is controlled by one or more of the persons under (a) and (b) above, 
where control, directly or indirectly, will be deemed to exist if one or more of the persons 
under (a) and (b) above, individually or jointly, hold 25 per cent or more of the voting rights 
on the Board of Directors or equivalent management body or enjoy 25 per cent or more of the 
economic rights from such a company, partnership, limited partnership or entity; 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the Loan Amount less MTN owned by a Group Company or a Principal 
Owner, regardless of whether such Group Company or Principal Owner is directly registered as the 
owner of such MTN or not.  
The “Group” means the corporate group in which the Company is the parent company (the terms group 
and parent company refer to that which is specified in the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551), as 
amended from time to time).  
“Group Company” means any legal entity that, from time to time, forms part of the Group. 
“Account-holding Institution” means a bank or other party that has been granted the right to be an 
account-holding institution under the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
(Accounts) Act (1998:1479), and with which Bondholders have opened a securities account in respect 
of MTN. 
“Settlement Date” means the date on which, according to the Final Terms, the issue proceeds for MTN 
are to be paid. 
“Loan” means any loan from a particular series, encompassing one or more MTN, which the Company 
issue under this MTN-Programme.  
“Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in respect of a particular Loan, 
although less any repaid amount. 
“Loan Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Loan Terms and Conditions” means for a particular Loan, these General Terms and Conditions as well 
as the Final Terms for said Loan.

--- Page 17 ---
16 
 
 
“Market Loans” means issuing certificates, bonds or other securities (including loans under the MTN or 
other market loan programme), which are sold, brokered or invested in an organized form and which 
are or may be traded on a Regulated Market.  
“MTN” means a unilateral debt obligation regarding a Nominal Amount that has been registered under 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (1998:1479), and 
which forms part of a Loan issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each MTN specified in the Final Terms. 
“Net sales” means the sum of sales revenue from goods and services less discounts, VAT and other tax 
associated with the sale. 
“Reference Banks” means those Dealers designated under this MTN Programme or such replacement 
banks which, at the relevant time, quote an interest rate for STIBOR and which are designated by the 
Administrative Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments. 
“Base Rate” means in regard to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR or EURIBOR as specified 
in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or EURIBOR in accordance with section 13 
(Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Final Terms” means the Final Terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN Programme in 
accordance with the form of Final Terms under the section “Form of Final Terms” below (with the 
additions and amendments that may be made from time to time). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms is the date from which interest 
(where applicable) will start to accrue.  
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant day and 
published on the information system LSEG’s page “STIBOR =” (or through such other system or 
on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a), the arithmetic means of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied 
to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for deposits of SEK 
100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or  
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable estimate of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in Stockholm interbank market for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the legal currency in Sweden.  
“Issuing Agent” means, according to the Final Terms, the Dealer(s) under this MTN Programme through 
which a particular Loan has been carried out. 
“Securities Account” means the securities account with Euroclear Sweden under the Swedish Central 
Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (1998:1479), in which (i) an owner of 
a security is directly registered as the owner of securities or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is 
registered in the name of a nominee.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
 
 
“Material Group Companies” means (a) the Company, Latour-Gruppen AB (CRN 556649-8647), Latour 
Förvaltning AB (CRN 556832-2209), Nordiska Industri AB (CRN 556002-7335), Bemsiq AB (CRN 559013-
7351), Caljan ApS (30205618), Hultafors Group AB (CRN 556365-0752), Innovalift AB (CRN 559451-9224), 
Latour Industries AB (CRN 556018-9754), Nord-Lock International AB (CRN 556610-5739) and Swegon AB 
(CRN 556077-8465) and (b) any Group company whose Net sales represent at least four per cent of the 
Group’s consolidated Net sales, in accordance with the most recently published Annual Report. 
“Maturity Date” means, according to the Final Terms, is the date on which an MTN is to be repaid. 
“Repurchase Date” means the date specified in accordance with point 9.2. 
 
1.2 
When calculating whether a limit described in Swedish Kronor has been reached or exceeded, an amount 
in another currency must be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate that applied on the Banking 
Day immediately prior to the relevant time and that is published on the LSEG’s website “SEKFIX=” (or 
through such other system or on such other website that replaces said system or website respectively) 
or, if said exchange rate is not published, according to the exchange rate for Swedish Kronor against 
the currency in question on said date that is published by the Riksbank on its website (riksbank.se). 
1.3 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Rate Structure, Interest Rate, Base Rate, Base Rate Margin, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date(s), Interest Period and Currency can be found 
(where applicable) in the Final Terms.  
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN in Swedish Kronor or Euros with a duration of 
at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in additional tranches without the approval of 
Bondholders. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN, each initial Bondholder accepts that its MTN will have those entitlements and 
be subject to those terms and conditions arising from the Loan Terms and Conditions. By acquiring MTN, 
each new Bondholder confirms such acceptance. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN, as well as to comply in other 
respects with the Loan Terms and Conditions for the Loans taken out under this MTN Programme.  
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company must enter into a separate 
agreement for this purpose with one or more dealer agents, which will be the Issuing Agent(s) for said 
Loan.  
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN  
3.1 
MTN will be registered in a securities account on behalf of Bondholders, therefore no physical securities 
will be issued. Any request for a particular registration measure in respect of MTN must be addressed 
to the Account-holding Institution.  
3.2 
Anyone who, due to mandates, pledges, the provisions in the Children and Parents Code, terms and 
conditions in wills or deeds of gift, or has otherwise acquired the entitlement to receive payment under 
an MTN, must have their right to receive payment registered.  
3.3 
The Administrative Agent is entitled to receive information from Euroclear Sweden regarding the 
content of its reconciliation register for MTN, in order to fulfil its duties in accordance with section 11 
(Termination of loans) and section 12 (Bondholders’ Meeting). Administrative Agents will not be 
responsible for the content of such extracts or otherwise be responsible for determining who is the 
Bondholder. 
4. 
ENTITLEMENT TO ACT FOR BONDHOLDERS 
4.1 
If a party other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise a Bondholder’s rights under the Loan Terms and 
Conditions or vote at a Bondholders’ Meeting, said party must be able to present a power of attorney 
or other authorization document issued by the Bondholder or a series of such powers of attorney and/or 
authorization documents from the Bondholder.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
 
 
4.2 
A Bondholder, or another party exercising the Bondholder’s rights pursuant to point 4.1 above, may 
authorize one or more parties to represent the Bondholder in respect of some or all MTN held by the 
Bondholder. Any such authorized party must act independently.  
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payment in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor must be made in Swedish Kronor, while payment 
in respect of MTN issued in Euros must be made in Euros. 
5.2 
Payments in respect of MTN must be made to the person who is registered as the Bondholder on the 
Record Date prior to the relevant due date, or to such other person registered with Euroclear Sweden 
as entitled to receive such payment.  
5.3 
If the Bondholder, through an Account-holding Institution, has registered that the capital amount and 
interest are to be deposited in a particular bank account, this deposit will be made through Euroclear 
Sweden on the respective due date.  
5.4 
Should Euroclear Sweden, due to a delay on the part of the Company or due to some other obstacle, be 
unable to pay an amount as previously stated, the Company must ensure that the amount is paid as 
soon as the obstacle has ceased.  
5.5 
If the Company is unable to fulfil its payment obligation through Euroclear Sweden due to an obstacle 
affecting Euroclear Sweden, the Company will be entitled to defer the payment obligation until the 
obstacle has ceased to exist. In such a case, interest will be payable in accordance with point 7.2. 
5.6 
If it transpires that the person who has been allocated the amount in accordance with this section 5 
was not entitled to receive this, the Company and Euroclear Sweden will nevertheless be deemed to 
have fulfilled their relevant obligations. However, this does not apply if the Company or Euroclear 
Sweden were aware that the amount had come into the wrong hands or had not been normally prudent. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on a particular Loan is calculated and paid (where applicable) in accordance with the Loan 
Terms and Conditions. 
6.2 
In the Final Terms, the relevant Interest Rate Structure will be specified according to one of the 
following options or in a combination thereof:  
(a) 
Fixed Rate  
If the Loan is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate, the Loan bear with interest according to the 
Interest rate from (excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the 
Maturity Date.  
 
Interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the respective Interest 
Payment Date and is calculated according to the Day Count Convention method set out in the 
Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest with an interest 
rate from (but excluding) the Loan Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The interest 
rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative Agent on the 
respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the 
relevant period, adjusted for the application of section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). If the 
calculation of the interest rate entails a value lower than zero, the interest rate will be 
considered to be zero. 
 
If the interest rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to an obstacle 
as referred to in point 17.1, the Loan will continue to run at the interest rate that applied to the

--- Page 20 ---
19 
 
 
immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist, the 
Administrative Agent will calculate a new interest rate, which will apply from the second Business 
Day after the date of the estimate up until the end of the current Interest Period.  
 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the respective Interest Payment 
Date and is calculated in accordance with the Day Count Convention as specified in the Final 
Terms or in accordance with such other calculation basis as is applied for the relevant Base 
Rate. 
 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon Loan, the Loan shall bear no interest. 
 
6.3 
Interest (where applicable) is paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for Fixed Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, interest will not be paid 
until the following Business Day. However, interest is only calculated and payable up to and including 
the Interest Payment Date.  
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for Floating Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, the Interest Payment 
Date will instead be considered to be the nearest subsequent Business Day, provided that said Business 
Day does not fall in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date will be considered 
to be the preceding Business Day. 
7. 
PENALTY INTEREST 
7.1 
In the case of payment delays, penalty interest on the overdue amount is payable from the due date 
up to and including the date on which payment is made, at an interest rate equal to the average of one 
week’s STIBOR for MTN issued in Swedish Kronor and EURIBOR for MTN issued in Euro respectively for 
the duration of the delay, plus two percentage points. In this regard, STIBOR or EURIBOR will be read 
on the first Business Day of each calendar week during which the delay lasts. However, penalty interest 
under this point 7.1 for Loans running with interest will never be payable at a lower interest rate than 
that applicable to the Loan in question on the relevant due date, plus two percentage points. Penalty 
interest will not be capitalized.  
7.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle affecting the Dealers or Euroclear Sweden, penalty interest is payable 
according to an interest rate corresponding to: (i) for Loans running with interest, the interest rate 
applicable to the Loan in question on the relevant due date, or (ii) for Loans running without interest, 
the average of one week’s STIBOR or EURIBOR respectively for the duration of the delay (whereby 
STIBOR or EURIBOR will be read on the first Business Day of each calendar week during which the delay 
lasts).  
8. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE 
8.1 
Loans fall due for payment at their Nominal Amount, as applicable under the relevant Final Terms, on 
the Maturity Date, with the amount per MTN that is specified in the Final Terms along with accrued 
interest (if any). If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, however, the Loan is 
repaid on the following Business Day. 
8.2 
The Company may, by agreement with Bondholders, repurchase MTN at any time and at any price 
provided this is compatible with applicable law. MTN that are owned by the Company may, according 
to the Company’s own decision, be retained, transferred or redeemed. 
9. 
REPURCHASE IN CASE OF CHANGE OF CONTROL 
9.1 
Each Bondholder is entitled to request the repurchase of all or some of the MTN held by them, if: 
(a) 
the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market at Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB; or

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
 
(b) 
an event or a series of events occurs, resulting in a natural or legal entity, individually or 
together with such related parties as referred to in the Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (SFS 
2006:451), and which is not or does not include the Principal Owners, directly or indirectly, at 
some point: 
(i) 
acquiring more than fifty (50) per cent of the shares or voting rights in the Company; 
(ii) 
by agreement or otherwise, itself (or together with such related parties as mentioned 
above) having the opportunity to appoint a majority of the Company’s Board 
members; or 
(iii) 
by agreement, through voting rights or otherwise, individually (or together with such 
related parties as mentioned above) having the opportunity to determine the content 
of significant business decisions in the Company. 
9.2 
It is the responsibility of the Company, as soon as the Company becomes aware of a change of ownership 
as described in point 9.1, to notify the Bondholders of this through a press release, on the Company’s 
website and in accordance with section 16 (Notices). The notification must include instructions 
regarding how a Bondholder that wishes to have MTN repurchased should act, as well as specifying the 
Repurchase Date. 
9.3 
The Repurchase Date will fall at the earliest twenty (20) and at the latest forty (40) Business Days after 
the notification of the change of ownership has been sent to Bondholders in accordance with point 9.2. 
If the Repurchase Date is not a Business Day, however, the Repurchase Date will be considered to be 
the nearest subsequent Business Day. 
9.4 
If a right to repurchase exists, the Company, if Bondholders so request, will repurchase the relevant 
MTN on the Repurchase Date at the price per MTN that would have been repaid on the final Maturity 
Date, together with accrued interest (if any). For MTN that are Zero Coupon Loans, an amount per MTN 
calculated in accordance with point 11.4 will be paid instead.  
9.5 
A notification from Bondholders regarding exercising the repurchase of MTN must be sent to the 
Company no later than ten (10) Business Days before the Repurchase Date. 
10. 
UNDERTAKINGS 
As long as an MTN is outstanding, the Company undertakes the following. 
10.1 
Status 
The Company will ensure that its payment obligations under a Loan rank equal to the Company’s other 
non-subordinated and unsecured payment obligations, except for those obligations that, under 
applicable law, has a better right of priority.  
10.2 
The Company’s operations  
The Company will not significantly alter the nature of the Group’s operations in a way that has a 
significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Bondholders. 
10.3 
Securing other Market Loans 
The Company will: 
(a) 
not provide collateral itself or allow another party to provide collateral, whether in the form 
of a contingent liability or otherwise, for other Market Loans that have been or may be taken 
out by the Company;  
(b) 
not provide collateral in any form other than through a contingent liability, which in turn may 
not be secured, for other Market Loans that have been or may be taken out by a party other 
than the Company; and

--- Page 22 ---
21 
 
 
(c) 
ensure that Group companies comply with the provisions referred to in points (a) and (b) 
above, whereby the Group Companies concerned will be subject to that which applies to the 
Company. 
10.4 
Carry out Market Loans in other Group Companies 
The Company will ensure that a Group Company other than the Company does not take out Market 
Loans. 
10.5 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
For Loans that, according to the Final Terms, are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the 
Company undertakes to apply for this at Nasdaq Stockholm AB or another Regulated Market and to take 
the necessary measures to maintain the admission to trading for as long as the relevant Loan is 
outstanding, although at most for as long as this is possible according to the applicable rules.  
10.6 
Provision of Loan Terms and Conditions 
The Company undertakes to ensure that the current version of these General Terms and Conditions, as 
well as the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans that have been admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, are kept available on the Company’s website.  
11. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS  
11.1 
The Administrative Agent must (i) if so requested in writing by Bondholders who, at the time of the 
request, represent at least one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan (said 
request may only be submitted by Bondholders who are registered in the reconciliation register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by several 
Bondholders each representing less than one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant 
Loan) or (ii) if so decided by the Bondholders under a Loan at a Bondholders’ Meeting, declare in writing 
the relevant Loan along with interest (if any) that is due for payment immediately or at the time 
decided by the Administrative Agent or the Bondholders’ Meeting (as applicable); if: 
(a) 
the Company does not, at the correct time, pay the principal or interest amount due in respect 
of any Loan under this MTN Programme, unless the delay: 
(i) 
is a consequence of a technical or administrative error; and  
(ii) 
does not last for longer than three (3) Business Days;  
(b) 
the Company, in any respect other than that set out in point (a) above or in the point Green 
Bonds in the Final Terms, does not fulfil its obligations under the Loan Terms and Conditions 
in respect of the relevant Loan, provided that: 
(i) 
correction is possible; and 
(ii) 
the Company has received a written request from the Administrative Agent to 
implement corrective action and such corrective action has not been implemented 
within fifteen (15) Business Days; 
(c) 
(i) 
a Material Group Company does not, on time or within an applicable deferral period, 
make payment in respect of another loan, and the loan in question has consequently 
been subjected to, or could be subjected to, early termination, or in the absence of 
a termination provision or if the non-payment would constitute final payment, if the 
payment delay lasts for fifteen (15) Business Days; 
(ii) 
another loan to the Material Group Company is declared to have been subjected to 
early termination as a result of grounds for termination (regardless of nature); or

--- Page 23 ---
22 
 
 
(iii) 
a Material Group Company does not, within fifteen (15) Business Days after the date 
on which the Material Group Company has received a legitimate and undisputed 
claim, redeem the surety or guarantee that the Material Group Company has provided 
for the obligation of another party, 
provided that the sum of the outstanding debt, under the loans or commitments affected under 
point (c)(i)-(iii), collectively amounts to at least SEK 50,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in 
another currency; 
(d) 
assets that are owned by a Material Group Company, and that have a value in excess of SEK 
50,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in another currency, are distrained or subject to similar 
overseas proceedings, and such distrain or similar overseas proceedings are not eliminated 
within thirty (30) Business Days from the date of the notification of the distrain decision or the 
decision on such similar overseas proceedings; 
(e) 
a Material Group Company cancels its payments; 
(f) 
a Material Group Company applies for or grants an application for debt restructuring or similar 
procedure; 
(g) 
a Material Group Company is declared bankrupt; 
(h) 
a decision is made whereby the Company will enter into liquidation or a Material Group 
Company will be placed in compulsory liquidation; or 
(i) 
the Company’s annual general meeting approves a merger plan under which the Company is 
the transferring company, or a Material Group Company’s annual general meeting approves a 
merger plan under which said Material Group Company is the transferring company, in relation 
to a company outside the Group if this affects the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations in 
respect of the Bondholders. 
The terms “loan” and “obligation” in point (c) above also include credit on account as well as amounts 
that have not been received as loans, but that are to be paid on the basis of promissory notes that are 
clearly intended for general sale.  
 
11.2 
The Administrative Agent may not declare a relevant Loan along with interest (if any) as due for 
payment pursuant to point 11.1 by referring to grounds for termination, if it has been decided at a 
Bondholders’ Meeting that such grounds for termination (temporarily or permanently) will not result in 
termination pursuant to point 11.1. 
11.3 
It is the responsibility of the Company to notify the Dealers and the Bondholders immediately in 
accordance with section 16 (Notices) in the event grounds for termination as set out in point 11.1 should 
occur. In the absence of such notification, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers, regardless 
of their actual knowledge, will be deemed to be aware of grounds for termination. Neither the 
Administrative Agent nor the Dealers are themselves obliged to monitor whether the conditions for 
termination according to point 11.1 exist. 
11.4 
In the case of the repayment of Loans after termination pursuant to point 11.1: 
(a) 
Loans running with interest will be repaid at an amount per MTN that, together with accrued 
interest, would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
Loans running without interest will be repaid at an amount per MTN that is determined 
according to the following formula as of the date of the termination of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount
(1 + r)t
 
r =  
the sales interest rate that the Administrative Agent specifies for loans, issued by the Swedish 
State, with a remaining duration corresponding to that which applies to the Loan in question. 
In the absence of a sales interest rate, the purchase interest rate will be used instead, which

--- Page 24 ---
23 
 
 
must be reduced by the market difference between purchase and sales interest rates, 
expressed in percentage points. In the calculation, the closing note must be used.  
t =  
the remaining duration for the Loan in question, expressed with the Day Convention 
Actual/360.  
12. 
BONDHOLDERS’ MEETING 
12.1 
The Administrative Agent may and must, at the request of the Company or Bondholders who, at the 
time of the request, represent at least one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a particular Loan 
(said request may only be submitted by Bondholders who are registered in the reconciliation register 
for MTN maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which 
the request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Bondholders each representing less than one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount), convene a 
Bondholders’ Meeting for the Bondholders under the relevant Loan. 
12.2 
The Administrative Agent must convene a Bondholders’ Meeting by sending notification of this to each 
Bondholder and the Company within five (5) Business Days after receiving a request from the Company 
or Bondholders pursuant to point 12.1 (or such later date as required for technical or administrative 
reasons). The Administrative Agent must notify the Issuing Agent without delay and in writing about the 
abovementioned notification.  
12.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision must be approved by a person in addition to the Bondholders and this person has notified the 
Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not compatible 
with applicable law. 
12.4 
The convening notification referred to in point 12.2 must include (i) the time of the meeting, (ii) the 
venue for the meeting, (iii) the agenda for the meeting (including any request for a decision from the 
Bondholders), and (iv) a proxy form. Only matters that have been included in the convening notification 
may be decided on at the Bondholders’ Meeting. If it is necessary for Bondholders to notify their 
intention to attend the Bondholders’ Meeting, this requirement must be specified in the convening 
notification. 
12.5 
The Bondholders’ Meeting must be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than 
thirty (30) Business Days after the notification. Bondholders’ Meetings for multiple loans under the MTN-
Programme can be held at the same time. 
12.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative Agent 
may prescribe such additional provisions regarding the notification and the implementation of the 
Bondholders’ Meeting as it deems appropriate. Such provisions may include the potential for 
Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person, i.e. that voting may take place using an 
electronic voting procedure or through a written voting procedure. 
12.7 
Only persons who are, or have been, authorized in accordance with section 4 (Entitlement to act for 
Bondholders) by a person who is a Bondholder on the Record Date for the Bondholders’ Meeting may 
exercise voting rights at such Bondholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN are covered by the 
Adjusted Loan Amount. The Administrative Agent must ensure that, at the Bondholders’ Meeting, there 
is a printout of the reconciliation register maintained by Euroclear Sweden from the Record Date for 
the Bondholders’ Meeting. 
12.8 
Bondholders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Agents, as well as their respective 
representatives, assistants and any experts, are entitled to attend the Bondholders’ Meeting. 
Representatives must present a duly issued power of attorney, which must be approved by the Chair of 
the Bondholders’ Meeting. The Bondholders’ Meeting must begin with the appointment of a chair, a 
person to take the minutes and persons to adjust the minutes. The Chair must draw up a list of attending 
Bondholders who are eligible to vote, indicating the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount that each 
Bondholder represents (“Voting List”). After this, the Voting List must be approved by the Bondholders’ 
Meeting. Bondholders who have cast their votes via an electronic voting procedure, a voting slip or 
equivalent will, with the application of these provisions, be deemed to be present at the Bondholders’ 
Meeting. Only those who were Bondholders on the fifth Business Day before the date of the Bondholders’ 
Meeting, or representatives of said Bondholders, and who are covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, 
are entitled to vote and will be included in the Voting List. The Company will have access to relevant

--- Page 25 ---
24 
 
 
voting calculations and the supporting data for these. The minutes must be completed as soon as 
possible and made available to Bondholders, the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing 
Agent. 
12.9 
Decisions in the following matters require the approval of Bondholders representing at least ninety (90) 
per cent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Bondholders vote under the relevant Loan 
at the Bondholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing of the to the Maturity Date, reduction of the Loan Amount, changing of terms relating 
to interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms and 
Conditions, including what follows from the application of section 13 (Replacement of Base 
Rate)) and changing of the relevant Currency of the Loan; 
(b) 
change to the terms of the Bondholders’ Meeting under this section 12;  
(c) 
change of debtors and 
(d) 
mandatory exchange of MTN for other securities. 
12.10 
Matters that are not covered by point 12.9 require the consent of Bondholders representing more than 
fifty (50) per cent of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Bondholders are voting under 
the relevant Loan at the Bondholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, amendments and 
waivers of rights in relation to the Loan Terms and Conditions that do not require a larger majority 
(other than amendments according to section 14 (Amendment of terms etc.)), as well as early 
termination of Loans. 
12.11 
A Bondholders’ Meeting reaches quorum if Bondholders representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in point 12.9, or twenty (20) per 
cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of other matters, attend the 
meeting in person or by telephone (or attend through an authorized representative). 
12.12 
If the Bondholders’ Meeting does not reach quorum, the Administrative Agent must convene a new 
Bondholders’ Meeting (in accordance with point 12.2), provided that the relevant proposal has not been 
withdrawn by the person or persons who initiated the Bondholders’ Meeting. The requirement for 
quorum set out in point 12.11 will not apply to said new Bondholders’ Meeting. If the Bondholders’ 
Meeting has reached quorum for some but not all of the matters to be decided at the Bondholders’ 
Meeting, decisions will be taken regarding those matters for which quorum exists, and other matters 
will be referred to a new Bondholders’ Meeting. 
12.13 
A decision at a Bondholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits entitlements accruing to the 
Company or the Issuing Agent under the Loan Terms and Conditions also requires the approval of the 
party concerned. 
12.14 
A Bondholder that holds more than one MTN does not need to vote for all the MTN they hold, nor vote 
in the same way for all their MTN. 
12.15 
The Company must not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of remuneration to a 
Bondholder in order for them to give their consent according to the Loan Terms and Conditions, unless 
such remuneration is offered to all Bondholders who give consent at the relevant Bondholders’ Meeting. 
12.16 
A decision taken at a Bondholders’ Meeting is binding on all Bondholders under the relevant Loan, 
regardless of whether they attended the Bondholders’ Meeting or not. Bondholders who have not voted 
in favor of a decision will not be liable for harm caused to other Bondholders by the decision.  
12.17 
At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Company must, without delay, provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate indicating the total amount for all the MTN owned by Group 
Companies and Principal Owners on the Business Day specified in point 12.1 and the relevant Record 
Date prior to a Bondholders’ Meeting, regardless of whether said Group Company or Principal Owner is 
directly registered as an owner of MTN. The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for the content 
of said certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group 
Company or Principal Owner.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
 
 
12.18 
Information about decisions made at the Bondholders’ Meeting must be notified without delay to the 
Bondholders under the relevant Loan by means of a press release, on the Company’s website and in 
accordance with section 16 (Notices). The Administrative Agent must, at the request of Bondholders 
and Issuing Agents, provide minutes of the relevant Bondholders’ Meeting. Failure to notify the 
Bondholders as described above will not affect the validity of the decision. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
13.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in point 13.2 below has occurred, the Company shall, in consultation 
with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine a Successor Base 
Rate, Adjustment Spread as well as initiate the procedure to determine upon necessary administrative, 
technical and operational amendments to the Loan Terms and Conditions in order to apply, calculate 
and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated to participate in such 
consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not participate in such 
consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the Company’s expense, as soon as possible 
appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine 
upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect from and 
including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject to any technical 
limitations of Euroclear Sweden and any calculation methods applicable to such Successor Base Rate. 
13.2 
A Base Rate Event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (“Base Rate Event”) 
which means: 
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or 
ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base 
Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the 
Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to 
represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator, with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Company, the Arranger 
or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Bondholders 
using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has 
otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period 
of the relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from the equivalent entity with 
insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing the information 
referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set 
out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
13.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated to), if it is possible at 
such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in 
consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Independent Advisor, initiate the 
procedure as described in point 13.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and other amendments, in order to change the Successor Base Rate at an earlier time.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
 
 
13.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event definition has 
occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread 
have been finally decided but due to technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden cannot be applied in 
relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or  
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with applicable 
law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. 
The provisions set out in this point are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that all 
relevant measures have carried out regarding the application of, and the adjustments described in this 
section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such subsequent Interest Determination Date, 
but without success. 
13.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming effective, 
the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the Company in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, give notice thereof to the Bondholders, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and 
Euroclear Sweden in accordance with section 16 (Notices). The notice shall also include information 
about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, 
the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange. 
13.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this section 13 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused by 
determinations, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination and final decision 
of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Loan Terms and 
Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Arranger, the 
Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or 
consequential loss. 
13.7 
In this section 13, the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nomination Body in relation to the 
replacement of the Base Rate; or 
(ii) 
if (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation with 
the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to 
eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to 
another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in 
comparable debt capital market transactions. 
“Base Rate Administrator” means the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation to 
STIBOR and the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR or any person replacing 
it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set out in 
13.2 (b) to 13.2 (e) that any event or circumstance specified therein will occur. 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution or advisor of repute in the debt 
capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
“Relevant Nomination Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of them or 
thirdly, the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
 
 
“Successor Base Rate” is: 
(i) 
the screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term 
structure and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest 
rate terms as MTN, which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement 
of the Base Rate by a Relevant Nomination Body as successor; or 
(ii) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the Company 
in consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Advisor determines is most 
comparable to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
14. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS ETC.  
14.1 
The Company and the Dealers may reach agreement on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
14.2 
The Company and the Administrative Agent may agree on the adjustment of clear and obvious errors in 
the Final Terms for a particular Loan. 
14.3 
Amendments and waivers of Loan Terms and Conditions, other than as set out in points 14.1 to 14.2 
shall take place through a decision at a Bondholders’ Meeting as described in section 12 (Bondholders’ 
Meeting).  
14.4 
The accession of a new Dealer to the MTN-Programme may take place by means of a written agreement 
between the Company, the relevant institution and existing Dealers. Dealers may withdraw, although 
the Administrative Agent in respect of a particular Loan may not withdraw, unless a new Administrative 
Agent is appointed in its place for said Loan. 
14.5 
An approval of an amendment to terms and conditions granted at a Bondholders’ Meeting may cover 
the substance of the amendment and does not need to include the specific wording of the amendment.  
14.6 
A decision on an amendment to terms and conditions will also include a decision on when the 
amendment will take effect. However, an amendment will not take effect until it has been registered 
with Euroclear Sweden (where applicable) and published in accordance with point 10.6. 
14.7 
The Company and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Bondholders’, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with 
what is described in section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be binding on 
those covered by the Loan Terms and Conditions.  
14.8 
The amendment or concession of Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with this section 14 must 
be notified to the Bondholders by the Company as soon as possible in accordance with section 16 
(Notices) and published in accordance with point 10.6.  
15. 
TIME-BAR FOR CLAIMS  
15.1 
A claim for principal is limited to ten years after the Maturity Date. A claim for interest is limited to 
three years after the relevant Interest Payment Date. If a claim is limited as regards time, the funds 
set aside for payment of said claim will accrue to the Company.  
15.2 
In the event of an interruption in the limitation period, a new limitation period of 10 years in the case 
of the principal and three years in respect of interest amounts will apply, in both cases calculated from 
the date set out in provisions on the effect of interruptions in limitation periods in the Limitations Act 
(1981:130).

--- Page 29 ---
28 
 
 
16. 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notifications will be issued to Bondholders for the Loan in question at the address registered with 
Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A notification to the Bondholders must also be 
made public by means of a press release and be published on the Company’s website.  
16.2 
Notification must be sent to the Company and the Dealers at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office on the Record Date prior to dispatch.  
16.3 
A notification to the Company or Bondholders in accordance with the Loan Terms and Conditions that 
is sent by normal mail to the specified address will be deemed to have been received by the recipient 
on the third Business Day after dispatch, and a notification sent by courier will be deemed to have been 
received by the recipient when it has been delivered at the specified address.  
16.4 
In the event a notification has not been sent correctly to a particular Bondholder, this will not affect 
the impact of the notification on other Bondholders.  
17. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
17.1 
In the case of the measures affecting the Dealers, liability cannot be asserted for harm due to Swedish 
or foreign legislation, measures by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, 
lockout or other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and 
lockouts applies even if the Dealers concerned is itself subject to or implementing such industrial 
action.  
17.2 
Harm arising in other cases will not be compensated by a Dealer if the Dealer concerned has been 
normally prudent. Under no circumstances will compensation be paid for indirect harm.  
17.3 
If obstacles exist preventing Dealers from taking action due to such circumstance as specified in point 
17.1, the action may be suspended until the obstacle has ceased to exist.  
17.4 
That stated above applies unless otherwise set out in the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (1998:1479). 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
18.1 
Swedish law will apply to the Loan Terms and Conditions and all non-contractual obligations that arise 
in connection with the application of the Loan Terms and Conditions.  
18.2 
Disputes must be determined by a Swedish court. Stockholm District Court will be the court of first 
instance. 
 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding for us. 
 
Gothenburg, 14 February 2025 
 
INVESTMENT AB LATOUR (publ)

--- Page 30 ---
29 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Form of Final Terms has originally been prepared and adopted in Swedish. The Form of Final Terms as presented 
in the Base Prospectus is an unofficial English translation of the Form of Final Terms. In the event of any discrepancy 
between the Swedish and English version of the Form of Final Terms, the Swedish version is legally binding and 
shall prevail. The Swedish version is available on Latour’s web page. 
 
The following template will be used for the preparation of the Final Terms for each loan issued under the MTN-
Programme. 
 
FINAL TERMS  
(“Final Terms”) 
 
for loan no. [•] 
under Investment AB Latour’s (publ) (the “Company”) 
Swedish MTN-Programme 
 
The General Terms and Conditions dated [15 February 2018/18 February 2022/17 February 2023/14 February 2025] for 
the above headlined MTN-Programme will apply to the Loan, together with the Final Terms as set out below. An English 
translation of the General Terms and Conditions of the Company’s MTN-Programme is presented in the Company’s base 
prospectus dated 14 February 2025 (the “Base Prospectus”), which has been prepared in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), together with any prepared and published supplementary prospectuses 
to the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Defined 
terms used below shall have the same meaning as in the General Terms and Conditions, the Final Terms or as otherwise 
set out in the Base Prospectus.  
 
Complete information about the Company and the MTN-Programme can only be obtained through the Base Prospectus, 
any published supplementary prospectuses and these Final Terms, which is why investors who are considering investing 
in MTN should read these documents together and in full. The Base Prospectus and any supplementary prospectuses to 
the Base Prospectus as applicable are available on the Company’s website https://www.latour.se/en/investor-
relations/mtn-programme. 
 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereby the Loan Amount has been increased by [SEK/EUR] 
[amount in figures] from [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] to [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures].] 
 
GENERAL 
1.  
Loan number: 
[•] 
 
(i)  
Tranche name: 
[•] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i)  
for the loan: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  for tranche [•]: 
[(iii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[•] 
[•] 
3. 
Price per MTN: 
[•] % of Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest as from 
[insert date] if applicable] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK/EUR] 
5. 
Nominal Amount: 
[SEK/EUR] [•] (Not less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent 
thereof in SEK.) 
6. 
Loan date: 
[•] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Loan date/[•]] 
8. 
Settlement Date: 
[Loan date/[•]]

--- Page 31 ---
30 
 
 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
10. 
Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
11. 
Amount as basis for calculation of 
interest  
[Nominal Amount/[•]] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12. 
Fixed Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph)  
 
(i)  
Interest Rate: 
[•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal Amount/[•]]. 
 
(ii)  Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first Interest 
Period) and thereafter each period of [•] months with the 
end date on an Interest Payment Date 
 
(iii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually/Semi-Annually/Quarterly] on [•], the first time on 
[•] and the last time on [•] 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period) 
 
(iv)  Day Count Convention Method: 
30/360 [Specify] 
13. 
Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Base Rate: 
[•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] 
[The [first/last] coupon’s Base Rate will be interpolated 
linearly between [•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] and [•] 
months [STIBOR/EURIBOR].] 
 
(ii)  Margin: 
[+/-][•] 
% 
annual 
interest 
calculated 
on 
[Nominal 
Amount/[•]] 
 
(iii)  Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days before each Interest Period, the first 
time on [•] 
 
(iv)  Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first Interest 
Period) and thereafter each period of approx. [•] months 
with the end date on an Interest Payment Date.  
 
(v)  
Interest Payment(s): 
The final day in each Interest Period, [the [•], the [•], the 
[•] and the [•],] the first time on [•] and the last time [the 
[•]/on the Maturity Date]. 
 
(vi)  Day Count Convention Method: 
Actual/360 [Specify] 
 
(vii)  Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading “MTN 
with Floating Rate” in the Base Prospectus. 
14. 
Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Terms and conditions for Zero 
Coupon Loans: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  Risk factor: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading “MTN 
without interest (known as Zero Coupon Loans)” in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
 
REPAYMENT 
15. 
Amount at which MTN is to be repaid 
on the Maturity Date: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
OTHER 
16. 
Green Bonds 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph)  
The Green Terms and Conditions dated [•] apply to this 
Loan.  
[Violation of this provision, point 16 (Green Bonds), will not 
constitute grounds for termination under point 11.1(b) of 
the General Terms and Conditions.] 
 
(i) Risk factor 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading “Risks 
associated with Green Bonds” in the Base Prospectus. 
17. 
Estimated net proceeds 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] after deduction for costs related to the issue. 
18. 
Use of net proceeds 
[General corporate purposes]/[In accordance with the Green 
Terms and Conditions]/[Specify] 
19. 
Admission to trading on a Regulated 
Market: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm/Specify other Regulated Market] 
 
(ii)  Estimated total costs associated 
with admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  Total 
number 
of 
securities 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Earliest day for commencement of 
trading: 
[•] 
20. 
Interests: 
[Specify/Not applicable]  
(Interests and any conflicts of interest for individuals who 
are involved in the share issue and that are of significance 
for the Loan must be described) 
21. 
Credit rating for Loans: 
[Specify/Not applicable] 
22. 
Resolutions as basis of the issue:  
[Not applicable/Resolutions regarding this Loan were taken 
on [insert date]/Specify] 
(If resolutions regarding issues under the MTN-Programme 
are described in the Base Prospectus and this issue is 
covered by such a decision, “Not applicable” must be used) 
23. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information presented in these Final Terms originating from 
third parties has been reproduced accurately and, as far as 
the Company is aware and can ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading]/ [Not applicable] 
24. 
Issuing Agent: 
 
 
(i)  
for tranche [•]: 
 
[[Nordea Bank Abp], [Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)], [Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)] [•]]

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
[(ii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[[Nordea Bank Abp], [Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)], [Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)] [•]] 
25. 
Administrative Agent: 
[[Nordea Bank Abp], [Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)], [Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)] [•]] 
26. 
ISIN: 
SE[•] 
 
 
The Company confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with the General Terms and 
Conditions, and undertakes, in accordance therewith, to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance herewith. 
The Company further confirms that any material event after the date of the Base Prospectus that could affect the 
market’s assessment of the Loan and the Company to this MTN have been publicly disclosed. 
 
Gothenburg, [•] 
Investment AB Latour (publ)

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
 
MAIN OPERATIONS  
Background 
Investment AB Latour (publ) is a mixed investment company listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap. Latour, with 
its current operations and strategy, was formed in 1985 when the Douglas family became the Company’s largest 
shareholder which they still are as of the date of the Base Prospectus. Since 1985, Latour’s share has achieved a 
total return, including both share price growth and dividends, amounting to approximately 311,900 per cent as of 
31 December 2024. This can be compared to 10,000 per cent for the benchmark index, SIXRX. As of 31 December 
2024, Latour’s market value amounted to SEK 176.5 billion (SEK 167.8 billion). 
 
Business concept 
Latour’s main business concept is to invest in sustainable companies with proprietary products, strong growth 
potential supported by global megatrends and good future prospects. Its long-term ambition is to create 
international growth and added value in these holdings by means of active ownership. 
 
Vision 
Latour’s vision is to be a sustainable and attractive choice for long-term investors that want good returns. Latour 
creates added value in its holdings by being an active and steadfast owner that, with financial strength and solid 
industrial know-how, contributes to the sustainable development of the companies. 
 
Core Values 
Latour’s four core values are: 
• 
Long-term perspective 
• 
Businessmanship 
• 
Trust & Accountability 
• 
Development 
 
Governance is characterized by a delegated decision-making structure, with each holding having a unique corporate 
culture and its own strategic process. However, Latour’s core values permeate all holdings. 
 
Latour’s operations 
Latour’s operations are primarily carried out in two business lines: wholly owned industrial operations and a portfolio 
of listed holdings. There are also a handful of other holdings, mainly in Latour Future Solutions. In all holdings, 
Latour acts as an active principal owner, where the work of the Board is the most important platform for the 
sustainable creation of value. 
 
In all holdings, there is a structured approach to the work of the Board of Directors, acquisition processes and 
integration processes. Latour’s interests in several global groups help the companies to develop in line with the 
adopted international expansion strategy, by enabling the holdings to exchange experiences and knowledge. 
 
Leadership plays a central role in the corporate governance. Leaders at Latour should be culture carriers and role 
models. They should assume responsibility for performance, sustainable value creation and the well-being of the 
organization. The leadership style is characterized by freedom with responsibility and is favorably combined with 
feedback and transparency.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
 
 
Financial targets 
Low net debt 
Latour’s total net debt cap is set at ten per cent of the investment portfolio’s value and 2.5 times the wholly owned 
industrial operations’ EBITDA, measured as an average for the last three years and adjusted for acquisitions and 
divestitures. 
 
Corporate governance worth its price 
Latour’s shareholders are offered active corporate governance for a management fee of approximately 0.1 per cent 
of the managed market value. 
 
Financial targets for the industrial operations over a business cycle 
• 
Average annual growth  
> 10 per cent (minimum for every holding) 
• 
Operating margin 
 
> 15 per cent (minimum average across all holdings) 
• 
Return on operating capital 
> 15 per cent (minimum for every holding) 
Dividend policy 
Further payment of dividend received from the investment portfolio and part-owned holdings 
100 per cent 
Profit after tax in wholly-owned companies 
 
 
 
40–60 per cent 
 
ACQUISITION AND INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
Latour’s acquisition process is centered on long-term assumptions about which technologies and companies have 
the best prospects, based on the overall trends that are expected to lead to new and growing needs. 
 
Latour’s business is based on identifying the best opportunities for creating sustainable value in the longer term, 
and on avoiding risks that might lead to diminished value. These opportunities and risks can be viewed on two levels 
– company-specific and market-related. Latour takes the company-specific opportunities and risks into account in 
its investment strategy and active corporate governance. 
 
As an investment company, Latour has relatively narrow investment criteria, but with these, the company can 
quickly get an idea as to whether a business qualifies for a more in-depth analysis or not. 
 
Latour’s investment criteria 
Market and trends 
• 
Addresses identified trends 
• 
The industry is showing profitable growth 
Development potential 
• 
Next wave of development has begun 
• 
Potential for geographical expansion 
• 
Sustainable business with high ethical standards 
• 
Latour adds value 
Business and market position 
• 
Development and manufacture of proprietary products under their own brands. 
• 
Sustainable products with high added value 
• 
Favorable position in the value chain 
• 
Strong management 
Financial performance 
• 
Ability to meet Latour’s long-term financial targets 
Sustainability 
Sustainability is a central concern for Latour and is reflected in the Company’s four core values, which are 
basically about consideration for people and the environment. Since Latour is an investment company each 
individual holding may have its company culture. Latour’s overriding core values must however permeate all the 
companies that Latour has an ownership interest in.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
 
 
The 
concept 
long‐term 
means 
that, 
from 
a 
decision‐making 
perspective, 
short‐term 
changes 
in 
external circumstances will not influence Latour’s choice when a decision is considered best in the 
long‐term. In order to be perceived as long‐term our business must then be built on integrity and run 
according to the laws and regulations that govern Group activities. Working long‐term also means 
that the Group’s engagement in sustainable development has been and will be reflected and included 
in the Group’s guidelines, decisions and actions. 
 
Latour has its greatest impact on sustainability by being an active and responsible owner, where all holdings drive 
their own sustainability development. There are 16 employees at the head office and around 500,000 in the holdings. 
The head office’s direct impact in the area of sustainability is therefore limited compared to that of the holdings, 
but through the active work of boards, Latour drives and has high expectations for the sustainable development of 
the holdings. 
 
Long-term values are created by developing sustainable operations and Latour is confident that a commitment 
across the organization to the environment and people is essential for Latour and its market to develop in a positive 
direction. The holdings have different challenges and offer internationally leading products in the fields of energy 
efficiency, safety, recycling, sustainable construction and workplace health. 
 
Latour have a Code of Conduct and an Environmental Policy with guidelines and policies for all wholly owned 
companies and their employees. The guidelines and policies make up the minimum requirements with which all 
holdings must comply. For the companies that are part of Latour’s investment portfolio, this is accomplished by 
their boards proactively ensuring that they have their own codes of conduct and policies that meet Latour’s 
requirements in this area. 
 
LATOUR’S HOLDINGS 
Latour’s investments mainly consist of two parts; the wholly owned industrial operations grouped into seven 
business areas and the investment portfolio containing ten holdings in which Latour is the principal owner or one 
of the principal owners. As of 31 December 2024, the market value of the investment portfolio was SEK 89 billion 
(SEK 79 billion).  
 
In addition to the above two operational branches, Latour has an investment area that focuses on sustainability-
oriented growth companies, Latour Future Solutions, as well as a small portfolio of part-owned holdings including 
in Oxeon AB. 
 
Latour creates added value in its holdings by being an active and long-term owner that, with financial strength and 
solid industrial know-how, contributes to the sustainable development of the companies. Latour is an active 
principal owner in the holdings, regardless of whether the holdings are listed, wholly owned or part-owned, where 
the work of the Board is an important platform for creation of value.  
 
The investment portfolio currently consists of significant holdings in Alimak Group, ASSA ABLOY, CTEK, Fagerhult, 
HMS Networks, Nederman, Securitas, Sweco, TOMRA and Troax Group. Latour’s largest holdings, based on net asset 
value, are ASSA ABLOY, Swegon, Sweco and Hultafors Group. The wholly owned industrial operations accounts for 
44 (46) per cent of the Group’s total net asset value as of 31 December 2024, which is a result of the very good 
profitability development combined with the investments made in industrial operations in recent years. The market 
value of the listed holdings is simple to calculate, since clearly stated market prices are available. Determining the 
value of the wholly owned operations is much more difficult. This is because the market value, the price that 
potential buyers are willing to pay for the operations, is not as clearly defined. 
 
Wholly owned operations 
The Group’s wholly owned industrial operations are grouped into seven business areas: Bemsiq, Caljan, Hultafors 
Group, Innovalift, Latour Industries, Nord-Lock Group and Swegon. 
 
All the business areas are strongly positioned in their respective niches with companies that develop, manufacture 
and market their own products and brands to customer segments that represent considerable and growing 
international demand.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
 
 
 
The ambition of growth is high with focus on organic growth and growth through acquisitions. In order to grow at a 
rate that exceeds overall economic development, the businesses systematically work to strengthen the offer, gain 
market share in existing markets and increase the international presence. 
 
All businesses carry out product development at the forefront, which is essential in order to ensure significant 
competitive advantages in the future. Latour is acting forward and constantly invests in product development, sales 
and marketing, and improving the digital presence of our business areas. 
In total, the industrial operations employ around 9,400 people with a total turnover of SEK 26 billion as of 31 
December 2024. 
 
 
 
Bemsiq is a leading global supplier of technology and products for measurement, control and connectivity in 
commercial buildings. Its mission is to improve the indoor climate of properties and reduce their carbon footprint 
through the use of smart technologies. Bemsiq is a group of innovative and fast-growing companies that share the 
ambition of offering the market a comprehensive portfolio of products in its field. 
 
 
 
 
Caljan is a global supplier of automation technology for parcel handling in the logistics and e-commerce sectors. 
Caljan’s products help packing companies, distributors and manufacturers around the world to optimize their supply 
chains. Flows are increased, costs are reduced and working environments are made safer and more ergonomic. 
Caljan has its head office in Aarhus, Denmark, and subsidiaries in the USA and several European countries. 
 
 
 
 
Hultafors Group offers products in the PPE Europe, Hardware Europe and Hardware North America segments. The 
products are marketed under brands with strong positions in their respective markets: Snickers Workwear, Solid 
Gear, EMMA Safety Footwear, Hellberg Safety, Fristads, Kansas, EripioWear, Hultafors, W.steps, Scangrip, Telesteps, 
CLC Work Gear, Johnson Level & Tool, Martinez Tool Company and Kuny’s. Distributor of Fein on the Swedish market. 
 
 
 
 
Innovalift is a group of leading companies that design, manufacture and install platform lifts, stair lifts and elevator 
components. Innovalift’s family of companies consists of Aritco, Vimec and Motala Hissar, which manufacture 
platform lifts, TKS Heis and Gartec, which install and service lifts, and Vega, Esse-Ti, and BS Tableau, which supply 
lift components and modernization solutions.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
Latour Industries consists of a number of operating areas, each with its own business concept and business model. 
Our ambition is to develop independent entities, within the business area, which will eventually be able to establish 
themselves as separate business areas within Latour. 
 
 
 
 
Nord-Lock Group is a world leader in secure bolting solutions. The Group offers a wide range of innovative 
technologies including Nord-Lock wedge-locking, Superbolt multi-jackbolt tensioning, Boltight hydraulic tensioning 
and Expander System pivot technology. With a global sales organization and international partners the customers 
benefit from bolting expertise and the optimum solution for any bolting challenge. 
 
 
 
 
Swegon provides components and innovative system solutions that create a good indoor climate and contribute to 
significant energy savings in all types of buildings. Swegon’s products constitute a turnkey solution for the perfect 
indoor climate. Sales and marketing activities are conducted through its own companies in 16 countries and through 
distributors in other markets. Swegon has production units in Europe, North America and India.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
 
 
Investment portfolio 
Latour’s investment portfolio consists of ten companies where Latour is the principal owner or one of the principal 
owners and where Latour controls at least ten per cent of the voting rights. 
 
 
Regardless of the ownership stake, a clear working method is applied to the work of the Board of Directors. Latour 
will operate as a transparent principal owner that contributes to initiatives to ensure sustainable growth and 
profitability in its companies. All its businesses are at the forefront of their respectful sectors. 
 
The below table presents the Group’s investment portfolio as of 31 December 2024.  
 
Share3 
Number 
Market 
value4, MSEK 
Listed price, 
SEK 
Acquisition 
value,  
MSEK 
Dividend, 
MSEK 
Share of 
votes5 (%) 
Share of 
equity6 (%) 
Alimak Group 
32,033,618 
3,761 
117 
2,883 
80 
30.3 
29.8 
ASSA ABLOY7 
105,460,164 
34,464 
327 
1,697 
569 
29.5 
9.5 
CTEK 
23,431,950 
326 
14 
1,199 
0 
33.5 
33.5 
Fagerhult 
84,708,480 
4,583 
54 
1,899 
152 
48.1 
47.8 
HMS Networks 
13,014,532 
5,646 
434 
612 
57 
25.9 
25.9 
Nederman 
10,538,487 
2,287 
217 
306 
42 
30.0 
30.0 
Securitas 
62,436,942 
8,548 
137 
2,125 
237 
29.6 
10.9 
Sweco 
97,867,440 
16,119 
165 
479 
289 
21.0 
26.9 
Tomra8 
62,420,000 
8,876 
142 
1,605 
122 
21.1 
21.1 
Troax 
18,060,000 
4,064 
225 
397 
72 
30.2 
30.1 
TOTAL 
88,672 
 
13,204 
1,620   
 
 
 
 
Alimak Group is a global provider of sustainable, vertical transportation solutions for professional use, with a 
presence in more than 100 countries. Alimak Group develops, manufactures, sells and services lifts and work 
platforms under the brands Alimak, Tractel, CoxGomyl, Manntech, Avanti and Scanclimber. Alimak Group was 
founded in 1948 in Skellefteå and currently has about 3,000 employees globally. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Johan Hjertonsson. 
Chief Executive Officer: Ole Kristian Jødahl. 
 
Board member connected to Latour: Johan Hjertonsson. 
 
 
 
3 All holdings are recognised as associated companies in the balance sheet. 
4 The last price paid is used as the listed price. 
5 Percentage of voting rights, not including repurchased shares. 
6 Percentage of equity calculated on total number of issued shares. 
7 Due to limited trading in class A shares in Sweco, and because ASSA ABLOY and Securitas class A shares are unlisted, they have 
been given the same listed price as the company’s class B shares. In those cases where the holding consists of both class A and 
class B shares, they are reported in the table as an entity. 
8 At the end of the reporting period, the listed share price was NOK 147, which has been translated to SEK at the exchange rate 
prevailing at the balance sheet date.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
Assa Abloy helps billions of people to experience a more open world every day through innovations that provide 
safe, secure and convenient solutions for both physical and digital access. Assa Abloy is a world leader in the field 
of access solutions, with products and services such as locks, doors, gates and entrance automation. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Johan Hjertonsson. 
Chief Executive Officer: Nico Delvaux. 
 
Board members connected to Latour: Carl Douglas, Lena Olving, Johan Hjertonsson. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CTEK is a global market leader in vehicle charging solutions. Established in Dalarna Sweden, CTEK is the leading 
global brand in battery charging solutions, most specifically vehicle charging. CTEK offers products ranging from 
12V & 24V battery chargers to charging solutions for electrical vehicles. Products are sold via a carefully selected 
network of global distributors and retailers, as original equipment, supplied to more than 50 of the world’s leading 
vehicle manufacturers and through charge point operators, property owners as well as other organizations and 
individuals providing EV charging infrastructure. CTEK takes pride in its unique culture based on a passion for 
innovation and a deep commitment to supporting the transition to a greener mobility, by adhering to industry 
leading ESG standards. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Johan Menckel. 
Chief Executive Officer: Henrik Fagrenius. 
 
Board members connected to Latour: Johan Menckel, Björn Lenander. 
 
 
 
Fagerhult is one of Europe’s leading lighting companies with subsidiaries in a total of 27 countries. Fagerhult designs 
and manufactures innovative and energy-efficient lighting solutions in four business areas – Collection, Premium, 
Professional and Infrastructure. The business is conducted locally through several companies with strong brands. 
Sales are also made via agents and distributors to over 40 markets. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Jan Svensson. 
Chief Executive Officer: Bodil Sonesson. 
 
Board members connected to Latour: Jan Svensson and Eric Douglas.

--- Page 41 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
 
HMS Networks is a world-leading supplier of software and hardware for industrial ICT (Information & Communication 
Technology). Over 90 per cent of HMS Networks’ sales are outside of Sweden, to some 60 countries. The head office 
is located in Halmstad and there are offices are in 16 countries. The company markets industrial communication 
solutions under the Anybus®, Ewon®, Ixxat®, Intesis®, Red Lion® and N-tron® brands. The products make it possible 
for industrial devices such as robots, motors, generators and sensors to communicate with their surroundings. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Charlotte Brogren. 
Chief Executive Officer: Staffan Dahlström. 
 
Board member connected to Latour: Anders Mörck. 
 
 
 
 
Nederman is a world-leading developer of advanced air purification products and systems. Nedermans’s solution 
protect people, production and the environment from the harmful effects of industrial processes. The portfolio 
includes individual products, complete solutions, planning, installation, commissioning and service. Sales are made 
to more than 50 markets through the company’s own sales organization, agents or distributors. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Johan Menckel. 
Chief Executive Officer: Sven Kristensson. 
 
Board member connected to Latour: Johan Menckel. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Securitas is a leading global partner within intelligent security solutions. Securitas is the second-largest provider of 
security services in the world, with a presence in 44 markets and an offering ranging from surveillance to technical 
security. Together with its approximately 340,000 employees, Securitas creates sustainable value for its customers 
by protecting what is most important to them – their employees and assets.  
 
Chairman of the Board: Jan Svensson. 
Chief Executive Officer: Magnus Ahlqvist. 
 
Board members connected to Latour: Jan Svensson and Johan Menckel.

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
SWECO plans and designs the sustainable communities and cities of the future. Sweco is a leading consultant 
company in technology and architecture in Europe. Sweco is Europe’s leading architecture and engineering 
consulting company. Together with its customers, Sweco’s 22,000 architects, engineers and other specialists are 
developing solutions to manage urbanization, harness opportunities offered by the digital transformation and create 
a more sustainable future for communities.  
 
Chairman of the Board: Johan Nordström. 
President and CEO: Åsa Bergman. 
 
Board member connected to Latour: Johan Hjertonsson and Johan Nordström. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
TOMRA is a world leader in sorting and recycling technologies for optimal resource productivity. Tomra was founded 
in Norway in 1972. Today it has over 100,000 installations in more than 100 countries around the world, and 
approximately 5,000 employees. TOMRA’s products and services are offered through three business areas: TOMRA 
Collection, TOMRA Recycling and TOMRA Food.  
 
Chairman of the Board: Johan Hjertonsson. 
President and CEO: Tove Andersen. 
 
Board member connected to Latour: Johan Hjertonsson. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Troax is a world-leading supplier of perimeter protection for indoor use. Troax’s mission is to develop sustainable, 
high-quality and innovative security systems that protect people, property and processes. Since it was founded in 
1955, Troax has developed into a successful listed international group, with about 1,200 employees and local 
presence in more than 45 countries. 
 
Chairman of the Board: Anders Mörck. 
Chief Executive Officer: Martin Nyström. 
 
Board member connected to Latour: Anders Mörck.

--- Page 43 ---
42 
 
 
 
Latour Future Solutions 
Latour Future Solutions is an investment area within Latour that targets sustainability-focused growth companies. 
The goal is for the investments to create a sustainable society based on all dimensions; environmental, social and 
economic. Latour Future Solutions is actively looking for companies that are facing an expansion phase within 
industrial sectors with opportunities to make big positive difference. Latour Future Solutions is an active owner 
through board work. By involving the entire Latour industrial competence, Latour also want to continuously 
contribute resources to the companies to create solutions for a long-term sustainable society. As of 31 December 
2024, Latour Future Solutions has made 10 investments and the portfolio value amount to SEK 226 million.

--- Page 44 ---
43 
 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR EXECUTIVES AND AUDITOR 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Company’s Board of Directors consists of eight ordinary members, including the CEO, all of whom are elected 
until the end of the 2025 Annual General Meeting. Information about each individual Board member is presented 
below. All Board members can be contacted via the Company’s head office, J A Wettergrens gata 7, Box 336, SE-
401 25 Gothenburg, tel. +46 31 89 17 90.  
 
Johan Nordström – Chairman of the Board 
Born: 1966 
Board member since: 2024 
Education: Architecture.  
 
Other significant principal activities 
Chairman of the Board of Sweco Group AB and Tilia Fastigheter AB. Board member of Skirner AB and Husa Skog AB. 
 
Johan Hjertonsson – Board member and CEO 
Born: 1968. 
Board member since: 2019. 
Education: Bachelor of Science (Econ.) 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Chairman of the Board of ASSA ABLOY AB, Tomra Systems ASA and Alimak Group AB. Board member of Sweco AB 
(publ). 
 
Mariana Burenstam Linder – Board member 
Born: 1957 
Board member since: 2011 
Education: Bachelor of Science (Econ.) 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Board member of BTS AB. CEO of ProactiveMedicine. 
 
Anders Böös – Board member 
Born: 1964. 
Board member since: 2005. 
Education: Economic studies Upper Secondary School. 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Chairman of the Board of Einride AB, Valamis OY and Wall to Wall Group AB.  
 
Carl Douglas – Board member 
Born: 1965 
Board member since: 2008 
Education: BA (Bachelor of Arts), D. Litt (h.c.) (Doctor of Letters). 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Vice Chairman of the Board of ASSA ABLOY AB.

--- Page 45 ---
44 
 
 
 
Eric Douglas – Board member 
Born: 1968 
Board member since: 2002 
Education: Three year-program at the University of Lund “Economy for Entrepreneurs”. 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Vice Chairman of the Board of AB Fagerhult. 
 
Lena Olving – Board member 
Born: 1956 
Board member since: 2016 
Education: M.Sc. Mechanical Engineering. 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Chairman of the Board of Nodica Group AB. Board member of ASSA ABLOY AB, Vestas A/S, NXP Semiconductors 
N.V. and Stena Metall AB. Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. 
 
Ulrika Kolsrud – Board member 
Born: 1970 
Board member since: 2021 
Education: M.Sc. Chemical Engineering. 
 
Other significant principal activities 
Board member of Essity Hygiene and Health AB and member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering 
Sciences.

--- Page 46 ---
45 
 
 
GROUP MANAGEMENT 
Latour’s industrial operations are grouped into seven business areas. The investment portfolio is managed by the 
parent company, Investment AB Latour (publ), and the wholly owned subsidiary Latour Förvaltning AB. The wholly 
owned subsidiary Latour-Gruppen AB is the parent company for all the business areas that are part of the wholly 
owned industrial operations. 
 
The Group management consists of the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief Operating Officer. The business area managers lead the operations in their respective business 
area and are responsible for the performance and management of their business area. The Group’s business 
organization is built on decentralization of responsibilities and powers. The business areas are responsible for the 
respective operation’s sustainable strategic and operational development and for meeting financial targets, 
including return on operating capital, tied-up capital, operating margins and growth.  
 
Johan Hjertonsson – CEO 
For more information, see above under “Board of Directors”.  
 
Anders Mörck9 – Chief Financial Officer 
Born: 1963 
CFO since: 2008 
Education: Bachelor of Science (Econ.). 
 
Other significant principal activities  
Chairman of the Board of Troax Group AB (publ). Board member of HMS Networks AB, Hultafors Group AB, Latour 
Industries AB, Bemsiq AB, Innovalift AB and Swegon Group AB.  
 
Johan Menckel – Chief Investment Officer 
Born: 1971 
CIO since: 2021 
Education: M.Sc. Engineering (industrial engineering and management), Royal Institute of Technology (KTH). 
 
Other significant principal activities  
Chairman of the Board of Nederman Holding AB, CTEK AB, Bemsiq AB, Nord-Lock International AB and Swegon AB. 
Board member of Latour Industries AB, SAAB AB, Securitas AB and World Materials Forum. 
 
Heléne Mellquist – Chief Operating Officer 
Born: 1964 
CCO since: 2024 
Education: Bachelor in International Business studies, University of Gothenburg. Executive Management, 
Stockholm School of Economics.  
 
Other significant principal activities  
Chairman of the Board of Caljan A/S, Hultafors Group AB, Innovalift AB and Latour Industries AB. Board member in 
Atlas Copco AB. 
Independence of the Board of Directors and potential conflicts of interest 
Except for Johan Hjertonsson, everyone on the Board of Directors is independent of the Company and the company 
management. Except for Carl Douglas and Eric Douglas, everyone is independent in relation to the Company’s major 
shareholders. 
 
All members of the Group management have financial interests in the Company in the form of shareholdings and, 
except for Heléne Mellquist, call options. 
 
In addition to that set out above, there is no conflict of interests between the duties of any of the Board members 
or senior executives in relation to the Company, their private interests and/or other duties.  
 
9 Anders Mörck has announced that he will leave his role as CFO during 2025.

--- Page 47 ---
46 
 
 
 
AUDITOR 
At the 2024 Annual General Meeting, Ernst & Young AB was re-elected to serve as the Company’s auditors for the 
period up to the end of the 2025 Annual General Meeting. Andreas Mast (born 1979), authorized public accountant 
and member of FAR, is the responsible auditor. Andreas Mast can be contacted at Ernst & Young AB, 401 82 
Gothenburg, visiting address Parkgatan 49. Ernst & Young AB has been the Company’s auditor during the whole 
period covered by the historical financial information in the Base Prospectus, but with Staffan Landén (born 1963) 
as the responsible auditor until the 2024 Annual General Meeting.

--- Page 48 ---
47 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
The historical financial information included in the Base Prospectus consists of the Company’s audited consolidated 
financial statements for the financial years 1 January - 31 December 2023 and 1 January - 31 December 2022. In 
addition, the Company’s year-end report for the period 1 January - 31 December 2024 is included, which has not 
been audited or subject to review.  
 
The Company’s financial information for the 2023 and 2022 financial years has been audited by the Company’s 
auditor. The auditor’s Reports for each financial year form part of the Base Prospectus and follow the standard 
format, without any qualifications or remarks. Other than the audit of the 2023 and 2022 financial years, no other 
parts of the Base Prospectus has been audited by the Company’s auditor. 
 
The Company’s financial statements for 2023 and 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), as adopted 
by the European Union, and the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee 
(IFRIC) which have been approved by the EU. Furthermore, the Group has applied the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(Sw. Årsredovisningslagen) and RFR 1 Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups, issued by the Swedish Financial 
Accounting Standards Council. 
 
All the above financial statements have been incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference, see the section 
“Documents incorporated by reference”. All the financial statements included the Base Prospectus are available on 
Latour’s website, https://www.latour.se/en/investor-relations/reports-and-presentations.  
 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES AND INFORMATION ABOUT TRENDS 
 
Material adverse changes in the Group’s prospects since the publication of the last audited financial 
statement 
There have been no material adverse changes regarding Latour’s prospects since the publication of the last audited 
financial statement on 14 March 2024 (the 2023 Annual Report). 
 
Significant changes in the Group’s financial performance since 31 December 2024  
There have been no significant changes in the Group’s financial performance since 31 December 2024. 
 
Significant changes in the Group’s financial position since 31 December 2024 
There have been no significant changes of the Group’s financial position since 31 December 2024. 
 
Recent events affecting the Group’s solvency 
No material recent events have occurred recently, specifically for the Group, which may have a material impact on 
the assessment of Latour’s solvency.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
 
About Latour 
Investment AB Latour (publ), corporate reg. no. 556026-3237, is a Swedish public limited liability company 
established on 22 October 1927 in Sweden. The company name is Investment AB Latour (publ), and its operations 
are regulated by legislation including the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The company name was registered on 
13 May 1987 and its trade name is Latour. The Company’s registered office and head office are located in the 
municipality of Gothenburg, Västra Götaland County, at address Box 336, 401 25 Gothenburg, telephone number +46 
31 89 17 90. The Company’s visiting address is J A Wettergrens gata 7 in Gothenburg. The Company’s LEI number is: 
5493006GFBLNB3Y0Y789. 
 
According to the Company’s Articles of Association, the objective of the Company’s operations is to acquire and 
manage shares and other movable property. 
 
Group structure 
Investment AB Latour (publ) is the parent company of the Group, which consists of more than 200 subsidiaries, of 
which approximately a fifth of the subsidiaries are Swedish. The Group has important production facilities in 
Sweden, as well as in the UK, Germany, Italy, Poland, Latvia and the USA, among others.  
 
Since Latour’s operations are mainly conducted through its subsidiaries, the Company relies on its subsidiaries to be 
able to generate profit and cash flow, as well as to be able to meet its commitments under the MTN-Programme. 
 
Ownership structure 
Below is a list of the Company’s major shareholders with holdings of more than five (5) per cent of the share capital 
or voting rights, as of 31 December 2024.  
 
Owner/administrator/custodian bank 
Number of  
class A shares 
Number of  
class B shares Share capital (%) Voting rights (%) 
The Douglas family with associated companies 
39,958,100 
446,554,000 
76.0 
79.2 
The Palmstierna family  
6,408,640 
3,370,000 
1.5 
6.3 
Total shareholder’s with more than five per 
cent of the share capital or voting rights 
46,366,740 
449,924,000 
77.5 
85.5 
Other shareholders 
1,219,620 
142,329,640 
22.4 
14.5 
Total 
47,586,360 
592,253,640 
100.0 
100.0 
 
As of 31 December 2024, the total number of shares in the Company amounted to 639,840,000. As of 31 December 
2024, Latour owns 521,750 of its own repurchased shares, which corresponds to approximately 0.08 per cent of the 
total capital in the Company.  
 
As of 31 December 2024, the Douglas family and their companies own a total of 76.0 per cent of the capital and 
79.2 per cent of the voting rights in Latour. The Board members Eric Douglas and Carl Douglas are part of the Douglas 
family. In order to guarantee that this control is not abused, the Group’s corporate governance is managed in 
accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”). In accordance with the Code, the Company 
has established a Remuneration Committee, an Audit Committee and also has clear internal governance in respect 
of financial management, as well as a structured process for risk management within the Group. Questions regarding 
matters such as the election of Board members, any increases in the share capital, mergers or consolidations, are 
such questions that are normally referred to the general meeting of shareholders. 
 
Material agreements  
No agreements of major importance have been entered into that are not part of the ordinary course of business or 
that could result in a company within the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that could materially 
affect the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations in relation to the holders of MTN.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Company is not, and has not been in the last twelve months, a party to any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings that have had or could have a significant adverse effect on Group’s financial position or profitability. 
The Company is also not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that could arise and that could 
have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
 
Credit rating 
On 20 November 2024, the credit rating agency Fitch affirmed Latour’s credit rating of A, with a stable outlook. 
 
Fitch was registered on 31 October 2011 in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies. 
 
A rating is the rating a borrower can obtain from an independent credit rating agency for its ability to meet its 
financial commitments. This ability is also known as creditworthiness. Fitch is one of the three largest credit rating 
agencies, along with Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. A more detailed explanation of the significance of a particular 
credit rating can be obtained from Fitch’s website https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions. 
A credit rating does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. It is everyone’s individual 
obligation to obtain information about up-to-date credit ratings, as these may be subject to change. 
 
The following table sets out the credit rating scale used by Fitch for Issuer Default Ratings (IDR). 
 
Fitch Issuer Default 
Rating - Long Term 
AAA 
AA+ 
AA 
AA- 
A+ 
A 
A- 
BBB+ 
BBB 
BBB- 
BB+ 
BB 
BB- 
B+ 
B- 
CCC+/CCC/CCC- 
CC 
C 
RD/D 
 
Dealers 
The Dealers, including the Arranger, in some cases have had and may have different relationships with the Group 
than those resulting from their roles under the MTN-Programme. A Dealer may, for example, provide services related 
to other forms of financing than through the MTN-Programme. There is consequently a risk that conflicts of interest 
exist or will arise in the future.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The below documents are incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference. The documents have previously been 
published and can be found on the Company’s website, https://www.latour.se/en/investor-relations/reports-and-
presentations. 
 
Those parts of the following documents that have not been incorporated by reference are by the Company either 
deemed not relevant to investors in MTN or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Latour’s year-end report for the period 1 January - 31 December 2024 
 
• 
Consolidated income statement, p. 14. 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income in summary, p. 14. 
• 
Condensed consolidated cash flow statement, p. 14. 
• 
Condensed consolidated balance sheet, p. 15. 
• 
Consolidated changes in equity, p. 15. 
• 
Notes, p. 18-21. 
Link: https://vp302.alertir.com/afw/files/press/latour/202502104967-1.pdf  
 
Latour’s annual report for the 2023 financial year  
 
• 
Consolidated income statement, p. 93. 
• 
Statement of comprehensive income, p. 93. 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet, p. 94-95. 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement, p. 96. 
• 
Change in consolidated equity, p. 97. 
• 
Change in consolidated interest-bearing net debt, p. 97. 
• 
Notes, p. 101-128. 
• 
Auditor’s report, p. 130-133. 
Link: https://vp302.alertir.com/afw/files/press/latour/202403219568-1.pdf 
 
Latour’s annual report for the 2022 financial year  
 
• 
Consolidated income statement, p. 79. 
• 
Statement of comprehensive income, p. 79 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet, p. 80-81. 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement, p. 82. 
• 
Change in consolidated equity, p. 83. 
• 
Change in consolidated interest-bearing net debt, p. 83. 
• 
Notes, p. 87-114. 
• 
Auditor’s report, p. 116-119. 
Link:https://vp302.alertir.com/sites/default/files/report/latour_annual_report_and_sustainability_report_2022_
web.pdf

--- Page 52 ---
51 
 
 
Future annual and quarterly reports 
 
The below sections regarding such financial information that will be published in Latour’s future annual report and 
quarterly reports during the period of validity of the Base Prospectus are incorporated in the Base Prospectus by 
reference. 
These 
future 
financial 
reports 
will 
become 
available 
on 
Latour’s 
website, 
https://www.latour.se/en/investor-relations/reports-and-presentations, on the dates set out in the financial 
calendar that is also available on Latour’s website, https://www.latour.se/en/investor-relations/calendar, or 
otherwise such date that will be announced through a press release by Latour.  
 
Latour’s annual report for the 2024 financial year 
 
• 
Consolidated income statement. 
• 
Statement of comprehensive income. 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet. 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement. 
• 
Change in consolidated equity. 
• 
Change in consolidated interest-bearing net debt. 
• 
Notes. 
• 
Auditor’s report. 
 
Latour’s quarterly report for the period 1 January - 31 March 2025 
 
• 
Consolidated income statement. 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
• 
Consolidated cash flow. 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet. 
• 
Consolidated changes in equity. 
• 
Notes. 
 
Latour’s quarterly report for the period 1 January – 30 June 2025 
 
• 
Consolidated income statement. 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
• 
Consolidated cash flow. 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet. 
• 
Consolidated changes in equity. 
• 
Notes. 
 
Latour’s quarterly report for the period 1 January – 30 September 2025 
 
• 
Consolidated income statement. 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
• 
Consolidated cash flow. 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet. 
• 
Consolidated changes in equity. 
• 
Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
 
 
Previous base prospectuses 
 
To facilitate increases of bond loans issued based on previous base prospectuses, the below parts of the previous 
base prospectuses are incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference.  
 
Base prospectus dated and published 16 February 2024 
 
• 
General terms and conditions dated 17 February 2023, p. 13-28.  
Link: https://www.latour.se/sites/latour-corp/files/Grundprospekt%20(2024).pdf  
 
Base prospectus dated and published 18 February 2022 
 
• 
General terms and conditions dated 18 February 2022, p. 12-27.  
Link:https://www.latour.se/sites/latour-corp/files/Latour%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%2018%20February%202022%20FINAL%20LOCKED_0.pdf  
 
Base prospectus dated and published 19 February 2021 
 
• 
General terms and conditions dated 15 February 2018 (Allmänna villkor för lån under MTN-programmet 
daterade 15 februari 2018), p. 12-24.  
Link:https://www.latour.se/sites/latour-corp/files/investerare/finansiering/Latour%20-
%20Grundprospekt%202021%20FINAL%20(locked)%2019%20Feb%202021(401228580.1).pdf

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
 
LEGAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) 
(the “SFSA”) as the competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The SFSA 
approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards for completeness, comprehensibility and consistency set out 
in the Prospectus Regulation. This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Company or, the 
Dealers or for the quality of the securities referred to in the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment of whether it is appropriate to invest in the securities. 
 
Period of validity of the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after the date of the approval, provided that the Company fulfils the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation, if applicable, to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. The Company is under no obligation to prepare 
supplements to the Base Prospectus after the validity period has expired. 
 
Declaration of responsibility 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of the Company’s knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Company is, 
to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in the Base Prospectus and declares that, 
to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
The documents incorporated by reference are also included as part of the Base Prospectus, see the section 
“Documents incorporated by reference”. In addition to these documents, supplementary prospectuses that the 
Company may publish, as well as the Final Terms for a completed issue, must also be read as part of the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Information from third parties 
The information that the Company has provided in the Base Prospectus regarding credit ratings, in the section 
“Legal considerations and supplementary information - Credit rating”, refers to information acquired from a third 
party. Information from third parties has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Company is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading, however, the Company has not independently verified the 
information and therefore the accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. 
 
Available documents 
Copies of the memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company can be accessed on the Company’s website, 
www.latour.se, throughout the period of validity of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Other information 
For further information about the MTN-Programme and to obtain the Base Prospectus, please refer to the Company’s 
website, www.latour.se, or the Dealers. The Base Prospectus is also available on the SFSA’s website, 
https://fi.se/en/our-registers/prospektregistret/ as well as the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
website, www.esma.europa.eu. The Final Terms for MTN admitted to trading on a Regulated Market are published 
on the Company’s website. 
 
References to websites 
Readers of the Base Prospectus should note that the information on the Company’s website, www.latour.se or 
equivalent links referring to all or part of the Company’s website, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus unless 
this information is incorporated into the Base Prospectus by reference, see the section “Documents incorporated by 
reference”. The same applies to references submitted to websites provided by third parties. Information on the 
Company’s or a third party’s website has not been reviewed or approved by the SFSA.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
 
ADDRESSES 
 
 
The Company 
 
Investment AB Latour (publ) 
J A Wettergrens gata 7 
Box 336 
401 25 Gothenburg 
+46 31 89 17 90  
www.latour.se 
 
Arranger 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Blasieholmstorg 11  
106 70 Stockholm 
www.handelsbanken.se  
 
Legal advisor to the Company 
Baker McKenzie 
Vasagatan 7 
Box 180, 101 23 Stockholm 
www.bakermckenzie.com 
 
Central Securities Depositary 
Euroclear Sweden AB  
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
Box 191 
101 23 Stockholm 
+46 8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.eu 
Dealers 
For purchases and sales, please contact: 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
106 70 Stockholm 
Credit Sales   
+46 8 463 46 50 
www.handelsbanken.se  
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8  
106 40 Stockholm 
Stockholm 
 
+46 8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Smålandsgatan 17 
105 71 Stockholm 
Nordea Markets 
+46 8 407 90 85 
www.nordea.se