--- Page 1 ---
Offering Circular dated 12 July 2024 
IRIS SPV PLC 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
 
Secured Transaction Programme 
Under the Secured Transaction Programme (the "Programme") described in this Offering Circular (the "Offering 
Circular"), Iris SPV plc (LEI: 635400CHNYVZ28WPUJ44) ("Iris") (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue, borrow under, buy, sell or enter into 
financial transactions not including the guarantee by it, or its becoming obligated for, the debt of any other person 
or entity, but including, without limitation, a series of notes ("Notes"), a series of warrants ("Warrants"), loans 
("Loans"), swap transactions ("Swap Transactions") and options ("Options"), contracts for the sale and/or 
purchase of assets, and the incurring by the Issuer of indebtedness in forms other than Notes, or any combination 
of such transactions, in each case where recourse in respect of such transactions is limited to the proceeds of 
enforcement of the security over the assets of the Issuer on which such transactions are secured ("Transactions"), 
on the terms set out herein, together with (in the case of Notes or Warrants (together, the "Securities")) additional 
transaction terms contained in an offering circular supplement (each an "Offering Circular Supplement") or (in 
the case of certain other Transactions which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin) any relevant documentation 
entered into in connection therewith. 
It is intended that certain companies (each a "Specified Issuer") from time to time may enter into Transactions 
under the Programme, denominated in any currency agreed upon by the relevant Specified Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined herein) subject to compliance with relevant laws, regulations and directives. In connection 
with the proposed entering into of Transactions by a Specified Issuer, such Specified Issuer will have executed a 
deed (an "Acceptance Deed") agreeing to be bound by all the terms of the Principal Trust Deed (as defined herein), 
certain other Master Documents (as defined in the relevant Acceptance Deed) and the other documents executed 
pursuant to or in connection with the entering into of Transactions. The Specified Issuer will also prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular. From and after execution and delivery of an Acceptance Deed, such 
Specified Issuer shall become and be treated as an "Issuer" for the purposes of the Master Documents and this 
Offering Circular. 
References herein to "Issuer" are references to the Issuer in respect of (and only to the extent of) the Transactions 
entered into by it and in respect of the Master Documents only to the extent that it is bound by them. The Issuer 
shall be bound by the Master Documents only in respect of any Transaction entered into by it and any matters 
relating thereto.  
Securities will each be issued in Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme") and each Series may be 
secured by a charge on and/or assignment of and/or other security interest over or in respect of certain transferable 
securities ("Collateral Securities") and may also be secured by an assignment of the Issuer's rights under an 
interest rate and/or currency exchange agreement (including any applicable guarantee, a "Swap"), a contract under 
which the Issuer may agree to buy or sell securities or enter into other contractual relations (a "Collateral 
Securities Agreement") and a credit support document (the "Credit Support Document"), together with such 
additional security, if any, as may be described in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. The Issuer's rights, 
title and interest in and under any Collateral Securities, each Swap, each Collateral Securities Agreement, each 
Contract, each Deposit Agreement, each Other Agreement and each Credit Support Document are referred to in 
this Offering Circular as "Collateral". The Securities will also be secured by a charge over all sums held by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or the Warrant Agent, as the case may be, and/or the Custodian (each as defined herein) 
to meet payments due in respect of the relevant Securities and by an assignment of the Issuer's rights under the 
Agency Agreement (as defined herein). All the Issuer's assets and rights subject to the security constituted by each 
Supplemental Trust Deed (as defined herein) are referred to in this Offering Circular as "Mortgaged Property". 
The obligations of the Issuer under a Swap, a Collateral Securities Agreement and/or any other agreement under 
which the Issuer may incur indebtedness, grant options or incur other obligations (a "Contract"), as the case may 
be, together with claims (if any) by the Custodian and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Warrant Agent, as 
applicable, in respect of payments made on behalf of the Issuer, will also be secured by certain assets comprised 
in the Mortgaged Property. Claims against the Issuer by Holders (as defined below) of the Securities of a particular 
Series and, if applicable, the counterparty to the relevant Swap, Collateral Securities Agreement or Contract, the 
Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Warrant Agent, will be limited to the Mortgaged Property 
applicable to that Series.

--- Page 2 ---
The date of this Offering Circular, which supersedes and replaces the previous offering circular relating to the 
Programme dated 21 July 2023, is 12 July 2024. This Offering Circular is valid for a period of twelve months 
from the date hereof. The obligation to supplement the Offering Circular in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the Transaction Security (as defined herein) over the Mortgaged 
Property for each Transaction are not sufficient to make all payments then due in respect of that 
Transaction and, if applicable, the claims of any Other Creditors (including the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap, the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management Agreement (as such terms are defined 
herein)), the Custodian and the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Warrant Agent, as applicable, the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of the Issuer will be limited to such net proceeds and any other assets of the Issuer 
(and any assets of any other Issuer) will not be available to meet any shortfall. The Issuer will not be obliged 
to make any further payment in excess of such net proceeds and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in 
respect of such shortfall. No party may petition or take any other step for the winding-up of (or the 
appointment of an examiner to Iris) the Issuer, or have any claim in respect of the Mortgaged Property for 
any other Series. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue further Securities on the same terms as existing 
Securities and such further Securities shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such existing Securities, 
provided that, unless otherwise approved by Extraordinary Resolution of Holders (as such terms are defined 
herein), the Issuer provides additional assets as security for such further Securities in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Further Issues). Transactions other than Securities will be secured in the manner described in the 
documentation relating thereto but, in each case, recourse against the Issuer in respect of such Transaction will be 
limited to the assets of the Issuer that form security for such Transactions. Transactions may be credit enhanced 
by a guarantee, insurance or other support agreement. 
The Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation 2017/1129/EU, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") as a Base Prospectus. 
The Central Bank only approves this Offering Circular (as a Base Prospectus) as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Offering 
Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
certain Securities issued under the Programme as more fully described in this Base Prospectus within 12 months 
from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List (the "Official List") and trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin"). The terms of such 
Securities not otherwise set forth herein will be set forth in a set of transaction terms hereto which comprise either 
an Offering Circular Supplement or a drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") which will be 
separately approved by the Central Bank. Such approval relates only to Securities which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the "Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive" or "MiFID II" as the context requires) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area. The Programme also permits Securities to be issued on an unlisted basis 
or listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the "GEM"). GEM is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The relevant Offering Circular Supplement in respect of a Series will 
specify whether or not such Securities will be listed on GEM (or any other stock exchange). 
Application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Securities and/or Securities not admitted to trading on any market. References in this Offering Circular to 
Securities being "listed" on Euronext Dublin (and all related references) shall mean that such Securities have been 
admitted to trading either on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or on the GEM and have been listed on 
Euronext Dublin. Copies of this Offering Circular and each Offering Circular Supplement will be available at the 
specified office set out below of the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent (as defined herein). 
This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
As such, the Offering Circular does not contain information which was not known at the time of the approval of 
the Offering Circular and which can only be determined at the time of the individual issue of the relevant securities. 
This Offering Circular constitutes Base Listing Particulars (the "Base Listing Particulars") where Securities are 
to be listed or admitted to trading on the GEM. Each Offering Circular Supplement will constitute supplemental

--- Page 3 ---
listing particulars ("Supplemental Listing Particulars") for such purposes. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the approval of this document as Base Listing Particulars. 
Where Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin of Euronext Dublin, 
"Offering Circular" should be taken to mean "Base Prospectus" and "Offering Circular Supplement" should be 
taken to mean "Drawdown Prospectus" and where Securities are to be admitted to trading on the GEM, "Offering 
Circular" should be taken to mean "Base Listing Particulars" and "Offering Circular Supplement" should be taken 
to mean "Supplemental Listing Particulars". 
THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE BASIS THAT ANY OFFER OF 
SECURITIES IN A MEMBER STATE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA WILL BE MADE 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION TO THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION FROM THE 
REQUIREMENT TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS FOR OFFERS OF THE RELEVANT SECURITIES. 
ACCORDINGLY, ANY PERSON MAKING OR INTENDING TO MAKE AN OFFER IN ANY 
RELEVANT MEMBER STATE OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS 
OFFERING CIRCULAR AS COMPLETED BY THE RELEVANT OFFERING CIRCULAR 
SUPPLEMENT, MAY ONLY DO SO IN CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH NO OBLIGATION ARISES 
TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 3 OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION. 
THE ARRANGER HAS NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT AUTHORISE THE MAKING OF ANY 
OFFER OF SECURITIES IN CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH AN OBLIGATION ARISES FOR THE 
ARRANGER OR ANY OTHER ENTITY TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
OFFER. 
Each Series of Notes to be issued in global bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in 
bearer form (each a "temporary Global Bearer Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
"permanent Global Bearer Note" and together with the temporary Global Bearer Notes, the "Global Bearer 
Notes"). Each Series of Notes to be issued in global registered form will be represented on issue by a permanent 
global note in registered form, without interest coupons or principal receipts (each, a "Global Registered Note" 
and, together with the Global Bearer Notes, the "Global Notes") and will be registered in the name of a nominee, 
or the nominee for the Common Depositary, for one or more clearing systems. Each Series of Warrants to be 
issued in global clearing system form will be represented on issue by a bearer clearing system global warrant 
(each a "Clearing System Global Warrant"). Each Series of Warrants to be issued in global registered form will 
be represented on issue by a global warrant in registered form (each a "Global Registered Warrant" and, together 
with the Clearing System Global Warrants, "Global Warrants") and will be registered in the name of a nominee, 
or the nominee for the Common Depositary, for one or more clearing systems. The Global Warrants and the 
Global Notes are referred to as the "Global Securities" and will be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream " 
and together with Euroclear, the "ICSDs") or, in the case of Notes only, if the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement indicates that (a) any temporary Global Bearer Note or permanent Global Bearer Note is intended to 
be in New Global Note form or (b) any Global Registered Note is intended to be in NSS Global Registered Note 
form, with a common safekeeper for the ICSDs, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement. Each Series of Notes to be issued in definitive bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") will be 
delivered on the issue date to the owner thereof or its nominee. Each Series of Notes to be issued in definitive 
registered form without interest coupons or principal receipts ("Definitive Registered Notes" and, together with 
the Definitive Bearer Notes, the "Definitive Notes") and each Series of Warrants to be issued in definitive 
registered form ("Definitive Registered Warrants" and, together with the Definitive Notes, "Definitive 
Securities") will be delivered on the issue date to the owner thereof or its nominee and will be registered in the 
name of the owner thereof or its nominee. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") 
under the United States Commodities Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"). No person has registered and no 
person will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules thereunder (the 
"CFTC Rules") of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an investment company 
under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder 
(the "Investment Company Act"). The Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder ("Regulation S").

--- Page 4 ---
In addition, the Securities may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. Persons") except to the extent permitted under "foreign-related 
transaction" safe harbour exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective investors should note that, although the definition of 
"U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is very similar to the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S, 
there are substantial differences between the two definitions and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under 
Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  
Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "offshore 
transaction" (as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not (i) a U.S. 
person as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S U.S. Person"), unless the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement specifies that a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 ("IRS U.S. Person") is also applicable, or (ii) if in the case of SGI Index Linked Securities, Advised SGI 
Index is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person, unless the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; (b) is not a Risk 
Retention U.S. Person; and (c) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of 
the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, 
any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons", shall be considered a U.S. person) (such a person or account, "Permitted Transferee"). The Securities 
described herein are available only to Permitted Transferees. All purchasers of the Securities are deemed, by 
acceptance of the Securities, to agree that they will transfer the Securities only in the manner set forth under 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Selling Restrictions". Each purchaser who purchases a beneficial interest in any 
Global Note or Global Warrant will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and 
warranties as set forth under "Subscription and Sale" and "Selling Restrictions". The Notes may include Notes 
that are in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Warrants will not be issued in bearer 
form. 
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR 
APPROVED BY, ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES 
COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES 
HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
This Offering Circular is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of or rule 
under the Securities Act. 
Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, Notes will each be represented on issue 
by a temporary Global Bearer Note exchangeable, in accordance with its terms, for interests in a permanent Global 
Bearer Note, or be in registered form only. Warrants will each be represented on issue by a Clearing System 
Global Warrant or be in registered form only. 
Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, Notes in definitive form (the "Definitive 
Notes") and Warrants in definitive form (the "Definitive Warrants") will be issued in exchange for a beneficial 
interest in any Global Notes or Global Warrants, as applicable, only in limited circumstances. See "Summary of 
Provisions relating to the Securities while in global form" and "Book-Entry Clearance Procedures" below. 
If indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, any Global Notes issued from time to time by Iris may 
be intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This only means that such Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. See 
further the section entitled "Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form" and "Book-
Entry Clearance Procedures" below. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities and on distribution of this Offering 
Circular, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 5 ---
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Warrants to be issued under the Programme 
will be unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated 
as having been issued by a credit rating agency established (i) in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (as 
amended, the "CRA Regulation") or (ii) in the United Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation forming 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") will be disclosed in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. Where the amount of the Issuer's 
obligations is determined by reference to a market-dependent index, the ratings do not currently address the 
likelihood that payments will be due under the terms of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to the Notes may adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT – BENCHMARK REGULATION – The Securities offered on the basis of this Offering Circular 
may be linked to benchmarks within the meaning of (i) the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(as amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation" or "EU BMR") or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 forming part 
of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
Benchmark Regulation" or "UK BMR"). In such case, the Issuer is subject to certain requirements as regards 
the use of these benchmarks and to related information obligations in relation to this Offering Circular. These 
obligations include, amongst other things, obligations regarding the specification as to whether a benchmark 
administrator of the relevant benchmark is registered in accordance with the EU BMR or the UK BMR, as 
applicable.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, with effect from such date, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive" or the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET – The applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled "MiFID II PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023 and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target

--- Page 6 ---
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (EU) (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET – The applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities, taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and 
which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Arranger for the Programme 
Societe Generale  
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that this document contains all information with respect 
to itself and the Securities that is material in the context of the issue and offering of the Securities, the statements 
contained in it relating to each of them and the Securities are in every material particular true and accurate and 
not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Offering Circular with regard to the Issuer are 
honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable 
assumptions, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer or the Securities the omission of which would, in the 
context of the issue and offering of the Securities, make any statement in this Offering Circular misleading in any 
material respect and all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify 
the accuracy of all such information and statements. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. Each 
Offering Circular Supplement will contain a statement to this effect by and in relation to the Issuer or Specified 
Issuer. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Offering Circular and the relevant Offering Circular Supplement in connection with the issue or sale of or 
entering into of other Transactions and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger or the Trustee (as defined in 
"Overview of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the entering into, offering or sale of the Transactions in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes 
are required by each of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restriction. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger or the

--- Page 7 ---
Trustee which would permit a public offering of any of the Securities or distribution of this Offering 
Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, none of the Securities 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, or enter into, any Transactions. 
The Arranger and the Dealers and the Trustee have not separately verified the information contained in this 
Offering Circular. 
The Arranger and the Trustee do not make any representation, express or implied, nor do they accept any 
responsibility with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Offering Circular. 
Any reference to a website in this Offering Circular is for information purposes only and the content of such 
website shall not form part of this Offering Circular or be construed as a document incorporated by reference. 
Each potential purchaser of Securities and counterparty to Transactions should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Offering Circular and its purchase of Securities and entering into of 
Transactions should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any Offering Circular Supplement or other financial statements are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other financial 
statements should subscribe for or purchase the Securities or enter into any Transaction. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any of the Securities should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
The delivery of this Offering Circular does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning 
the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other financial statements or any further 
information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Securities is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Transactions contemplated by this Offering Circular, nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Securities or counterparty to any Transaction of any information coming to the attention 
of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee. 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Iris is 
not and will not be authorised or licensed by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Securities. Any investment 
in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection 
scheme operated by the Central Bank. Where the Issuer wishes to issue Securities with a maturity of less than one 
year, it shall ensure that it is in full compliance with the notice of the Central Bank of exemptions granted under 
section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended) of Ireland. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank 
manager, solicitor, accountant or other professional adviser. 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Securities are legal investments for it, (ii) Securities can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Before making an investment decision prospective purchasers of, or investors in, Securities or other Transactions 
should conduct such independent investigation and analysis (together with taking such professional advice as they

--- Page 8 ---
deem appropriate under the circumstances) regarding the Issuer, the Securities or other Transactions, the 
Mortgaged Property, each Swap Counterparty under each Swap, each Credit Support Provider under each Credit 
Support Document, each Counterparty under each Collateral Securities Agreement, each Beneficiary under each 
Contract, the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management Agreement and all other relevant persons and 
such market, economic and other factors as they deem appropriate to determine whether such investment is fully 
consistent with their financial needs, objectives and condition, complies with and is consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to them and whether it is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
them, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. 
As part of such independent investigation and analysis, prospective purchasers of, or investors in, the Securities 
or other Transactions should consider carefully all the information set forth in this Offering Circular relating to 
the Programme and the Issuer, in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and the considerations set out 
below. 
Prospective purchasers of, or investors in, the Securities or other Transactions may not rely on the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality 
of its acquisition of the Securities or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Assessment of investment suitability 
Each prospective investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
financial circumstances and investment objectives, and only after careful consideration with its financial, legal, 
tax and other advisers. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
- 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained in or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
- 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
- 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities; 
- 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
- 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Securities are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have 
on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. Some Securities which are complex financial 
instruments may be redeemable at an amount below par in which case investors may lose the value of part or their 
entire investment.  
No legal and tax advice 
Each prospective investor should consult its own advisers as to legal, financial, tax, regulatory and related aspects 
of investment in the Securities. The Issuer will not be giving legal or tax advices to the investors. A Holder's 
effective yield on the Securities may be diminished by the tax on that Holder of its investment in the Securities.  
(a) 
Legality of purchase 
None of the Issuer, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness 
of the acquisition of the Securities by a prospective purchaser of the Securities, whether under the laws of the

--- Page 9 ---
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
(b) 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Securities should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Securities 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available in relation to the tax treatment of financial instruments such as the Securities. The tax 
legislation of the investor’s Member State and the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the 
income received from the Securities. Prospective investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained 
in this Offering Circular but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Securities. Only such adviser is in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the prospective investor.  
Change of Law 
The General Terms and Conditions (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected 
therewith) are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such laws or the official application or interpretation 
of such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Offering Circular.  
This Offering Circular does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer of, or an invitation 
by or on behalf of anyone to subscribe or purchase any of the Securities.  
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that there are a number of risks associated with the 
purchase of the Securities, including the risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities 
(whether in respect of the Securities or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-
petition provisions as set out above. 
Purchasers of Securities and counterparties to Transactions should conduct such independent investigation 
and analysis regarding the Issuer, the Collateral, the security arrangements and the Transactions as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Transactions. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult his or her 
professional adviser and ensure that (s)he fully understands all the risks associated with making such an 
investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
The investment considerations identified in this Offering Circular and the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement (if any) are provided as general information only and the Dealers, the Arranger and the 
Trustee disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Securities and counterparties to Transactions 
of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as 
they may from time to time evolve. 
If any potential purchaser of Securities or investor in other Transactions is in any doubt as to any aspect of this 
document, such potential purchaser or investor should consult its stockbroker or other registered dealer in 
securities, bank manager, legal adviser, professional accountant, tax adviser or other professional adviser. 
Investors should note that the value of the Securities can fluctuate. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "Overview of the Programme"), the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement may over-allot Securities or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
a Stabilising Manager) will undertake such stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Securities and 60 days after the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
In this Offering Circular, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "euro", 
"EUR" and "€" are references to the currency of the member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the treaty on the 
European Union, references to "£" or "GBP" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to 
"U.S.$", "USD" and "$" are references to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
GENERAL NOTICE 
EACH PURCHASER OF THE SECURITIES MUST COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN EACH JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT PURCHASES, OFFERS OR SELLS 
SUCH SECURITIES OR POSSESSES OR DISTRIBUTES THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND MUST 
OBTAIN ANY CONSENT, APPROVAL OR PERMISSION REQUIRED FOR THE PURCHASE, OFFER OR 
SALE BY IT OF SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN ANY 
JURISDICTIONS TO WHICH IT IS SUBJECT OR IN WHICH IT MAKES SUCH PURCHASES, OFFERS OR 
SALES, AND NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS (OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES) OR THE TRUSTEE SPECIFIED HEREIN SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY 
THEREFOR. 
THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT TO PERMITTED TRANSFEREES. INVESTORS 
SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS 
INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
OTHER INFORMATION 
Credit Ratings 
The Issuer may ask one or more independent credit rating agencies (established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, as the case may be, 
and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) to assign credit ratings to a Series of Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors should only base their investment decision on credit ratings assigned by 
credit rating agencies that are on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. 
Certain credit rating agencies used as aforesaid may be established in the United Kingdom and registered in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Such credit rating agencies may not be established in the EU and may 
not have applied for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation. However, the ratings issued by certain 
of such non-EU credit rating agencies may have been endorsed by an EU credit rating agency in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation and such endorsing credit rating agencies may be registered under the CRA Regulation. As 
such, such endorsing EU credit rating agency may be included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA as provided above. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement.  
Eligibility of certain Global Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
If indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, any Global Notes, as the case may be, issued from time 
to time may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This simply means that 
such Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, were upon issue deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operation by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem Eligible Collateral") either 
upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the

--- Page 11 ---
Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. If the Notes do not satisfy the criteria 
specified by the European Central Bank, there is a risk that the Notes will not be Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
The Issuer gives no representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor in such Notes, that the 
Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem 
eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem Eligible Collateral, or that, if recognised, the eligibility will continue 
during the life of the Notes. Any potential investor in such Notes should make their own conclusions and seek 
their own advice with respect to whether or not the Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
Notes where Denominations involve Integral Multiples: Definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Bearer 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such 
a case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Bearer Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
Structured Securities Linked to SGI Indices 
The roles of the various teams involved within Societe Generale in the design, maintenance and replication of 
indices have been strictly defined. The replication of any index is carried out in the same way by a single team 
within Societe Generale, whether for hedging of a product held by external investors or for positions held by 
Societe Generale acting as co-investors alongside external investors.  
Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements and reuse of Collateral Securities 
The Issuer may enter into one or more "title transfer collateral arrangements" (as defined in Article 2(1)(b) of 
Directive 2002/47/EC) with one or more counterparties in connection with any Series of Securities, as specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (each such arrangement a "Title Transfer Collateral 
Arrangement" and each such counterparty a "Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty"). Such Title Transfer 
Collateral Arrangements could include standard agreements entered into between the Issuer and a Title Transfer 
Collateral Counterparty, such as a credit support annex (including the Credit Support Document with the Swap 
Counterparty being the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty), a repurchase agreement (including the Collateral 
Securities Agreement with the Counterparty being the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty) or a securities 
lending agreement. 
Under Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 
2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012 (as amended, the "SFTR"), the transferee under any Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement is required 
to inform the transferor of the risks and consequences that may be involved under such Title Transfer Collateral 
Arrangement. Such risks are described below and will affect the Holders of the Securities insofar as they affect 
the Issuer's rights against the relevant Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty. 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that the Issuer has in the Collateral Securities transferred to a Title 
Transfer Collateral Counterparty will be replaced by an unsecured contractual claim for redelivery of equivalent 
Collateral Securities, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement. The Title Transfer 
Collateral Counterparty is not under any restrictions on what it does with the securities transferred and may sell 
or otherwise dispose of them. If the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults 
under the Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement, the Issuer's claim for redelivery of equivalent Collateral 
Securities will not be secured.  
Similarly, the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty will lose the rights, including any proprietary rights, in any 
collateral it transfers to the Issuer. The Issuer will usually grant security over such collateral in favour of the 
Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of Securities and Other Creditors.

--- Page 12 ---
In each case, the transferor will lose its voting rights in any securities transferred as collateral under a Title Transfer 
Collateral Arrangement. Furthermore, the transferee may not be required to notify the transferor of any 
notifications sent by an issuer of the securities transferred, which could include any corporate actions. 
Following the financial crisis, regulatory authorities worldwide have been implementing measures for the orderly 
resolution of failing firms, particularly banks. In the European Union, the main framework legislation for the 
resolution of banks is Directive 2014/59/EEC, as amended ("BRRD") and Regulation (EU) 806/2-14, as amended 
(the "SRM Regulation"). Pursuant to article 71 of the BRRD and subject to transposition into the legislations of 
Member States, Member States shall ensure that resolution authorities have the power to suspend the termination 
rights of any party to a contract with an institution under resolution from the publication of the notice until 
midnight in the Member State of the resolution authority of the institution under resolution at the end of the 
business day following that publication, provided that the payment and delivery obligations and the provision of 
collateral continue to be performed. 
If the Title Transfer Collateral Counterparty is subject to a resolution process, then the relevant resolution authority 
may impose a stay or other restriction on the Issuer's rights to terminate the Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement 
and enforce the relevant close-out provisions. This may affect the Issuer's ability (or that of any agent or the 
Trustee acting on its behalf) to enforce timely termination of any Credit Support Document, Collateral Securities 
Agreement and/or any other relevant agreement between itself and the relevant counterparty(ies) and consequently 
the recovery of any amounts due thereunder. 
Following several legislative proposals issued on 23 November 2016 by the European Commission proposing to 
amend a number of key EU banking directives and regulations, including the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, (i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 (the "BRRD II") was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 7 June 2019, came into force on 27 June 2019; and (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 
May 2019 (the “SRM Regulation II”) was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019, came into force on 27 June 2019 and became applicable as from 18 months after such entry into force. The 
BRRD II amends the BRRD as regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms. The SRM Regulation II amends the SRM Regulation as regards to the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 13 ---
(i) 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .................................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Documents Incorporated By Reference ............................................................................................................... 38 
Regulatory Information ....................................................................................................................................... 39 
General Terms and Conditions ............................................................................................................................ 52 
Additional Conditions for Structured Securities ................................................................................................ 159 
Technical Annex ................................................................................................................................................ 167 
Equity Technical Annex .................................................................................................................................... 168 
Share Sub-Annex and Depositary Receipts Sub-Annex .................................................................................... 169 
ETF Sub-Annex ................................................................................................................................................. 180 
Index Sub-Annex ............................................................................................................................................... 189 
SGI Index Sub-Annex ....................................................................................................................................... 197 
Fund Technical Annex ....................................................................................................................................... 208 
Credit Technical Annex ..................................................................................................................................... 229 
Commodities Technical Annex ......................................................................................................................... 308 
Inflation Technical Annex ................................................................................................................................. 330 
Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex.......................................................................................................... 334 
Reference Rate Technical Annex ...................................................................................................................... 338 
Dividend Technical Annex ................................................................................................................................ 340 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form........................................................... 356 
Book-Entry Clearance Procedures ..................................................................................................................... 363 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................. 367 
Description of Iris SPV Plc................................................................................................................................ 368 
Transaction Security Arrangements................................................................................................................... 369 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................. 370 
Subscription and Sale ........................................................................................................................................ 375 
Selling Restrictions ............................................................................................................................................ 376 
Form of Notes [Offering Circular Supplement]/[Supplemental Listing Particulars] ......................................... 387 
Form of Warrants [Offering Circular Supplement]/[Supplemental Listing Particulars].................................... 423 
General Information .......................................................................................................................................... 439

--- Page 14 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Offering Circular and any decision to invest in any 
Securities should be based on a consideration of this Offering Circular and the related Offering Circular 
Supplement as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference. 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to 
each Series, the Offering Circular Supplement relating to such Series. Words and expressions defined or used in 
General Terms and Conditions or in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement shall have the same meaning 
herein. References in this Offering Circular to the "Conditions" or "Terms and Conditions" shall be to the General 
Terms and Conditions and the additional conditions contained in the applicable Technical Annex (including, 
where applicable, the "Additional Conditions for Structured Securities"). 
Issuer ..................................................  
Iris SPV plc ("Iris") or the Specified Issuer which is stipulated in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement and which has executed an 
Acceptance Deed. 
 
Information relating to each Specified Issuer will be contained in an 
Offering Circular Supplement relating to such Specified Issuer and 
information relating to the Mortgaged Property will also be contained 
in an Offering Circular Supplement. 
Description .........................................  
Secured Transaction Programme pursuant to which the Issuer may 
issue Securities and enter into other Transactions. 
Arranger .............................................  
Societe Generale 
Mortgaged Property ..........................  
No Transaction Security created by the Issuer in respect of any Series 
of Securities shall benefit Holders of any other Series of Securities 
issued by (or any other creditors of). 
 
The Securities of each Series will be secured in the manner set out in 
Condition 4 (Transaction Security) of the General Terms and 
Conditions, including a charge on and/or assignment of and/or other 
security interest over or in respect of rights to or under the Collateral 
and the Agency Agreement (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions) and all sums held from time to time by the Custodian 
and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Warrant Agent, as the case 
may be, insofar as such sums relate to that Series. Each Series may 
also be secured on such additional security as may be described in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement. References in this Offering 
Circular to "Transaction Security" are to the security constituted by 
the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Dealers ................................................  
Societe Generale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Offering Circular to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the person or persons listed above as Dealer and to 
such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as dealers in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee ................................................  
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent .................  
HSBC Bank plc

--- Page 15 ---
2 
Warrant Agent ...................................  
HSBC Bank plc 
Warrant Authentication Agent ........  
HSBC Continental Europe, Luxembourg 
Agents .................................................  
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Warrant Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Warrant Authentication Agent, the other Transfer Agents 
and the Custodian or any of them. 
Custodian ...........................................  
HSBC Bank plc, or such other Custodian as identified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement from time to time. 
Bank accounts 
The transaction accounts for each Series of Securities will be opened 
with HSBC Bank plc of 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom, or such other bank as identified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement from time to time. 
Method of Issue ..................................  
The Securities will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Securities will be issued in series (each, a "Series") having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than, in the case of Notes only, in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Securities of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable and fungible with all other Securities of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each, a "Tranche") 
on the same date. Warrants will not be issued in tranches on the same 
date but, in respect of any Series of Warrants, further Warrants may 
be issued from time to time in accordance with Condition 15 (Further 
Issues), such further Warrants being issued as a subsequent 
"Tranche" of such Series of Warrants. Where the word "Tranche" is 
used in this Offering Circular in relation to any Series of Warrants, it 
shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be construed as referring 
to the whole Series of such Warrants. One or more Tranches of Notes 
may rank senior (each, a "Senior Tranche") to any other Tranche of 
Notes (each, a "Subordinated Tranche") in accordance with the 
application of proceeds as set out in the Trust Deed. The specific terms 
of each Tranche of Notes (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of Notes of the same Series) will be set out in a supplement 
to this Offering Circular (an "Offering Circular Supplement"). 
Issue Price of Securities .....................  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. Warrants may be issued at a price 
and in currency determined by the Issuer. Partly paid Notes (but not 
Warrants) may be issued, the issue price of which will be payable in 
two or more instalments. 
Form of Transactions ........................  
 
(a) 
Notes .....................................  
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer Notes"), in 
bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (as defined herein) 
("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") or in registered form only 
("Registered Notes"). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary Global Bearer Note if (A)(i) Definitive Bearer Notes are to 
be made available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after 
their issue date; or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more 
than one year and (B) are being issued in compliance with the TEFRA 
D Rules (as defined in "Overview of the Programme — Selling 
Restrictions"), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a

--- Page 16 ---
3 
permanent Global Bearer Note. Registered Notes will be issued in 
respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of Notes of one Series. 
Registered Notes are either issued in global form and are registered in 
the name of a nominee, or the nominee for the Common Depositary, 
for one or more Clearing Systems ("Global Registered Notes") or 
issued in definitive form and are registered in the name of the owner 
thereof or its nominee ("Definitive Registered Notes"). 
(b) 
Warrants ..............................  
The Warrants may be issued in clearing system form ("Clearing 
System Warrants") or registered form ("Registered Warrants" and, 
together with the Registered Notes, "Registered Securities"). Each 
Series of Clearing System Warrants will be represented on issue by a 
Clearing System Global Warrant. Registered Warrants will be issued 
in respect of each Warrantholder's entire holding of Warrants of one 
Series. Registered Warrants are either issued in global form and are 
registered in the name of a nominee ("Global Registered Warrants") 
or issued in definitive form and are registered in the name of the owner 
thereof or its nominee ("Definitive Registered Warrants"). Interests 
in a Clearing System Global Warrant may not be exchanged for 
interests in a Global Registered Warrant and vice versa. 
(c) 
Eurosystem-eligible NGN 
Form and Eurosystem-
eligible NSSGRN Form ........  
If indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, any Global 
Bearer Notes or Global Registered Notes issued from time to time by 
Iris may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility which means that they are intended to be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem. To this end, Global 
Bearer Notes may be issued in the Eurosystem-eligible NGN form (as 
defined herein) and Global Registered Notes may be issued in the 
Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN form (as defined herein). A temporary 
Global Bearer Note or a permanent Global Bearer Note, in either case 
where the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such 
Note is intended to be issued in new global note form is referred to as 
a "New Global Note" or "NGN" and an NGN which is intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as 
indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, is referred to 
as a "Eurosystem-eligible NGN". A Global Registered Note where 
the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is 
intended to be issued under the new safekeeping structure 
implemented on 30 June 2010 by the ICSDs is referred to as a "NSS 
Global Registered Note" or "NSSGRN" and an NSSGRN which is 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility, as indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, 
is referred to as a "Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN". The 
"Eurosystem" refers to the European System of Central Banks as the 
term is used by the Governing Council of the European Central Bank. 
(d) 
Loans, Options and Swap 
Transactions .........................  
Transactions may also be in the form of other financial transactions 
including Loans, Options or Swap Transactions, or contracts for the 
sale and/or purchase of assets. 
Credit Support ...................................  
Transactions may be issued with the benefit of monoline guarantees 
or other forms of credit enhancement as specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement and/or Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Clearing Systems ...............................  
Euroclear, Clearstream and, in relation to any Tranche, such other 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or Warrant Agent (as the case may be), the Trustee,

--- Page 17 ---
4 
Euronext Dublin (in relation to Securities listed on Euronext Dublin) 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
References in this Offering Circular to "Clearing System" are 
references to one or more of the Clearing Systems as may be relevant 
in respect of any Series of Securities. 
Initial Delivery of Securities .............  
If specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, on or before 
the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Bearer Note, the Clearing 
System Global Warrant, the Global Registered Notes or the Global 
Registered Warrants may (or, in the case of Securities listed on 
Euronext Dublin, will) be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, unless in the case of (a) any temporary or 
permanent Global Bearer Note, the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be an NGN or 
(b) any Global Registered Note, the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be an NSSGRN, 
in which case it will be deposited with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream. Global Bearer Notes, Clearing System 
Global Warrants, Global Registered Notes or Global Registered 
Warrants relating to Securities that are not listed on Euronext Dublin 
(and not, in the case of Notes, intended to be an NGN or an NSSGRN 
(as the case may be)) may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system, provided that 
the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent (as applicable), the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer. Global Registered Notes or Global 
Registered Warrants that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees, or the 
nominee for the Common Depositary, for such clearing systems. 
 
On the issue date for each Tranche, Definitive Registered Notes or 
Definitive Registered Warrants will be delivered to the purchasers 
thereof or their nominees. 
Currencies ..........................................  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Securities may be issued in any currency as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities of the Notes and exercise 
periods of the Warrants ....................  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes may be issued with any maturity and the 
Warrants may be issued with any length of exercise period or with any 
length of time to the relevant exercise dates, as applicable. 
 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) having a maturity of 
less than one year from their date of issue and (i) in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
of the United Kingdom will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); and (ii) will be issued 
in full compliance with the notice of the Central Bank and Financial 
Services Authority of Ireland of exemptions granted under 
Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971 (as amended). 
 
If Iris issues Notes with an original maturity of less than one year, it 
will be considered to be carrying on banking business as defined in 
Section 2 of the Irish Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended), unless it 
meets the requirements of the Central Bank of Ireland Notice BSD 
C 01/02 in relation to Commercial Paper exemptions (the "Central

--- Page 18 ---
5 
Bank Notice"), and in particular the requirements of Section II of the 
Central Bank Notice relating to Asset-Backed Commercial Paper. 
Specified Denomination of Notes ......  
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
Unit size of Warrants ........................  
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement may specify that 
Warrants may only be issued and/or exercised in units consisting of 
two or more Warrants (each, a "Unit"). 
Redemption of Notes .........................  
The Offering Circular Supplement will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable in respect of each Series 
of Notes or the basis for their calculation. 
Redemption by Instalments (Notes 
only) ....................................................  
The Offering Circular Supplement issued in respect of each Series of 
Notes that are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the 
dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed. 
Settlement of Warrants .....................  
The Offering Circular Supplement will specify the basis for 
calculating the settlement amount in respect of each Series of 
Warrants or the basis for its calculation. 
Types of Warrants .............................  
The Offering Circular Supplement will specify whether the Warrants 
are American style Warrants ("American Style Warrants"), 
European style Warrants ("European Style Warrants") or Bermudan 
style Warrants ("Bermudan Style Warrants") in each case as further 
described in Condition 21 (Type of Warrants) and whether the 
Warrants are call Warrants ("Call Warrants") or put Warrants ("Put 
Warrants"). 
Type of Structured Notes ..................  
The Offering Circular Supplement will specify whether the Notes are 
Equity Linked Notes (which shall be deemed to include the terms of 
the relevant Sub-Annex), Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, 
Credit Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Inflation Linked 
Notes, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes, Reference Rate Linked 
Notes, Dividend Linked Notes or other structured Notes (together, the 
"Structured Notes"). 
Fixed Rate Notes ................................  
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate which will be 
payable in arrears on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
Floating Rate Notes ...........................  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest (payable in arrear) determined 
separately for each Series of Notes as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., or any successor provisions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR (or such other specified reference 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement) as adjusted for any applicable margin; or

--- Page 19 ---
6 
 
(iii) 
by reference to any other specified reference rate, formula or 
basis, or any combination thereof, as specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
Zero Coupon Notes ............................  
Zero coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes……………………………… 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate.  
Dual Currency Notes .........................  
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made 
in such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
Index Linked Notes and Index 
Linked Warrants (together, "Index 
Linked Securities") ............................  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Index Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(an "Index Linked Redemption Note")), of interest (in the case of 
Notes where Index Linked Interest is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (an "Index Linked Interest Note" and, 
together with an Index Linked Redemption Note, an "Index Linked 
Note")) or of the settlement amount (in the case of Warrants where 
Index Linked Settlement is specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement (an "Index Linked Warrant")) in respect of Index 
Linked Securities will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula as may be specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
Equity Linked Notes and Equity 
Linked Warrants (together, "Equity 
Linked Securities") ............................  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Equity Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(an "Equity Linked Redemption Note")), of interest (in the case of 
Notes where Equity Linked Interest is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (an "Equity Linked Interest Note" 
and, together with an Equity Linked Redemption Note, an "Equity 
Linked Note")) or of the settlement amount (in the case of Warrants 
where Equity Linked Settlement is specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement (an "Equity Linked Warrant")) in respect of 
Equity Linked Securities will be calculated by reference to such share, 
American depositary receipt, global depositary receipt, index, SGI 
Index and/or formula (or any combination thereof) as may be 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement will state, in relation to such 
Equity Linked Securities, which provisions of the Equity Technical 
Annex (as defined in the section of this Offering Circular headed 
"Technical Annex") (the terms of which shall be deemed to include 
the relevant Sub-Annex (as defined in the Equity Technical Annex) 
are applicable to such Securities). 
Fund Linked Notes and Fund 
Linked Warrants (together, "Fund 
Linked Securities") ............................  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Fund Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(a "Fund Linked Redemption Note")), of interest (in the case of 
Notes where Fund Linked Interest is specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement (a "Fund Linked Interest Note" and, together 
with a Fund Linked Redemption Note, a "Fund Linked Note")) or of 
the settlement amount (in the case of Warrants where Fund Linked 
Settlement is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement

--- Page 20 ---
7 
(a "Fund Linked Warrant")) in respect of Fund Linked Securities 
will be calculated by reference to such fund share, unit and/or formula 
as may be specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement will state, in relation to 
such Fund Linked Securities, which provisions of the Fund Technical 
Annex (as defined in the section of this Offering Circular headed 
"Technical Annex") are applicable to such Securities. 
Credit Linked Notes 
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Credit Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(a "Credit Linked Redemption Note")), or of interest (in the case of 
Notes where Credit Linked Interest is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (a "Credit Linked Interest Note" and, 
together with a Credit Linked Redemption Note, a "Credit Linked 
Note")) in respect of Credit Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to such reference entity(ies) as may be specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement will state, in relation to such Credit Linked 
Notes, which provisions of the Credit Technical Annex (as defined in 
the section of this Offering Circular headed "Technical Annex") are 
applicable to such Notes. 
Commodity Linked Notes and 
Commodity Linked Warrants 
(together, "Commodity Linked 
Securities") .........................................  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Commodity Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(a "Commodity Linked Redemption Note")), of interest (in the case 
of Notes where Commodity Linked Interest is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (a "Commodity Linked Interest 
Note" and, together with a Commodity Linked Redemption Note, a 
"Commodity Linked Note")) or of the settlement amount (in the case 
of Warrants where Commodity Linked Settlement is specified in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement (a "Commodity Linked 
Warrant")) in respect of Commodity Linked Securities will be 
calculated by reference to such commodity, index and/or formula as 
may be specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement will state, in relation to such 
Commodity Linked Securities, which provisions of the Commodities 
Technical Annex (as defined in the section of this Offering Circular 
headed "Technical Annex") are applicable to such Securities. 
Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation 
Linked Warrants (together, 
"Inflation Linked Securities") ..........  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Inflation Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(an "Inflation Linked Redemption Note")), of interest (in the case 
of Notes where Inflation Linked Interest is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (an "Inflation Linked Interest Note" 
and, together with a Inflation Linked Redemption Note, an "Inflation 
Linked Note")) or of the settlement amount (in the case of Warrants 
where Inflation Linked Settlement is specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement (an "Inflation Linked Warrant")) in respect of 
Inflation Linked Securities will be calculated by reference to such 
inflation rate, index and/or formula as may be specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement will state, in relation to such Inflation Linked 
Securities, which provisions of the Inflation Technical Annex (as 
defined in the section of this Offering Circular headed "Technical 
Annex") are applicable to such Securities. 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Notes and Foreign Exchange Rate 
Linked Warrants (together, 
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement (a "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Redemption 
Note")), of interest (in the case of Notes where Foreign Exchange

--- Page 21 ---
8 
"Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Securities") .........................................  
Rate Linked Interest is specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement (a "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Interest Note" and, 
together with a Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Redemption Note, a 
"Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Note")) or of the settlement 
amount (in the case of Warrants where Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Settlement is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(a "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrant")) in respect of 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Securities will be calculated by 
reference to such foreign exchange rate and/or formula as may be 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement will state, in relation to such 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Securities, which provisions of the 
Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex (as defined in the section of 
this Offering Circular headed "Technical Annex") are applicable to 
such Securities. 
Reference Rate Linked Notes and 
Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
(together, "Reference Rate Linked 
Securities") .........................................  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Reference Rate 
Linked Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement (a "Reference Rate Linked Redemption Note")), of 
interest (in the case of Notes where Reference Rate Linked Interest is 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement (a "Reference 
Rate Linked Interest Note" and, together with a Reference Rate 
Linked Redemption Note, a "Reference Rate Linked Note")) or of 
the settlement amount (in the case of Warrants where Reference Rate 
Linked Settlement is specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement (a "Reference Rate Linked Warrant")) in respect of 
Reference Rate Linked Securities will be calculated by reference to 
such reference rate and/or formula as may be specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement will state, in relation to such Reference Rate 
Linked Securities, which provisions of the Reference Rate Technical 
Annex (as defined in the section of this Offering Circular headed 
"Technical Annex") are applicable to such Securities. 
Dividend Linked Notes and 
Dividend Linked Warrants 
(together, "Dividend Linked 
Securities") .........................................  
Payments of principal (in the case of Notes where Dividend Linked 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
(a "Dividend Linked Redemption Note")), or of interest (in the case 
of Notes where Dividend Linked Interest is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (a "Dividend Linked Interest Note" 
and, together with a Dividend Linked Redemption Note, a "Dividend 
Linked Note")) or of the settlement amount (in the case of Warrants 
where Dividend Linked Settlement is specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement (a "Dividend Linked Warrant")) in 
respect of Dividend Linked Securities will be calculated by reference 
to such reference entity(ies) as may be specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. The applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement will state, in relation to such Dividend Linked Securities, 
which provisions of the Dividend Technical Annex (as defined in the 
section of this Offering Circular headed "Technical Annex") are 
applicable to such Securities. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest (Notes only) ..........................  
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable rate 
of interest or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series of Notes. Notes may have a maximum 
rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in 
the same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 22 ---
9 
Other Securities .................................  
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up 
Notes, step-down Notes, reverse dual currency Notes, optional dual 
currency Notes, partly paid Notes, variable rate Notes and any other 
type of Note or Warrant that the Issuer, the Trustee and any Dealer or 
Dealers may agree to issue under the Programme will be set out in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
Optional Redemption or 
Cancellation .......................................  
The Offering Circular Supplement issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
The Offering Circular Supplement issued in respect of each issue of 
Warrants will state whether such Warrants may be cancelled prior to 
their stated Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer (either in whole 
or in part). Warrants may not be cancelled at the option of the Holders, 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, in which case such Offering Circular Supplement will 
set out the terms applicable to such Holder optional cancellation. 
Mandatory Redemption and 
Cancellation .......................................  
The Notes shall become repayable (in whole or in part) prior to their 
stated maturity, and the Warrants shall be cancelled in full (but not in 
part) prior to their stated expiration date and a cancellation amount 
shall become due, in the following circumstances: 
 
(i) 
if specified as being applicable in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement, all or some of the Collateral Securities 
relating to a Series become repayable prior to their stated 
maturity or there is a payment default in respect of any such 
Collateral Securities; 
 
(ii) 
if specified as being applicable in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement, a Credit Support Document, a Swap, a 
Collateral Securities Agreement, a Contract, a Deposit 
Agreement or an Other Agreement is terminated in whole for 
any reason other than as a consequence of, or pre-condition 
to, the substitution of any third party for a party to any of the 
foregoing contracts in accordance with their terms and 
conditions unless alternative secured assets are substituted 
for such Credit Support Document, Swap, Collateral 
Securities Agreement, Contract, Deposit Agreement or Other 
Agreement 
pursuant 
to, 
and 
in 
accordance 
with, 
Condition 4(g) (Substitution of Mortgaged Property) prior to 
the date for such termination; 
 
(iii) 
if specified as being applicable in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement, a regulatory event occurs which, in 
certain instances, has a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
or any other party specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement, as further set out at Condition 7(c)(v) or 
Condition 25(b)(v), as the case may be;  
 
(iv) 
if "EU Benchmark Regulation-Benchmark" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement and a benchmark redemption event subsequently 
occurs as further set out in Condition 7(c)(vi) or Condition 
25(b)(vi) as the case may be; 
 
(v) 
if on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the 
Securities, the Issuer would be required by Irish law, or

--- Page 23 ---
10 
English law, as applicable, to withhold or account for tax or 
would suffer tax in respect of its income so that it would be 
unable to make payment of the full amount due and it is 
unable to arrange a suitable substitution as set out in 
Condition 7(d)(ii)(A) (Withholding and Redemption of Notes 
for 
Taxation 
Reasons) 
or 
Condition 
25(c)(ii)(A) 
(Withholding and Cancellation of Warrants for Taxation 
Reasons); 
 
(vi) 
the Issuer is, or the Issuer on reasonable grounds satisfies the 
Trustee that the Issuer will be, subject to any circumstance or 
to a tax charge or other imposition by any jurisdiction which 
would make it illegal or have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's ability to comply with or satisfy, its obligations under 
the Supplement Trust Deed or in respect of the Securities, or 
materially increase the cost to it of complying with its 
obligations under the Supplemental Trust Deed or under the 
Securities 
or 
materially 
increase 
the 
operating 
or 
administrative expenses of the Issuer or the arrangements 
under which the shares in the Issuer are held or otherwise 
oblige the Issuer or the Trustee to make any payment on, or 
calculated by reference to, the amount of any sum received 
or receivable by the Issuer or the Trustee or by the Trustee on 
behalf of the Issuer as contemplated in the Supplemental 
Trust Deed as set out in Condition 7(d)(ii)(B) (Withholding 
and Redemption of Notes for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 
25(c)(ii)(B) (Withholding and Cancellation of Warrants for 
Taxation Reasons); 
 
(vii) 
on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the 
Securities, the Issuer would be required by an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code or otherwise pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, to 
withhold or account for tax or would suffer tax in respect of 
its income so that it would be unable to make payment of the 
full amount due as set out in Condition 7(d)(ii)(C) 
(Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation 
Reasons) or Condition 25(c)(ii)(C) (Withholding and 
Cancellation of Warrants for Taxation Reasons) subject to 
the conditions described in Condition 7(d)(iv) and Condition 
25(c)(iv); 
 
(viii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities, Fund Linked 
Securities, Credit Linked Notes, Commodity Linked 
Securities, Inflation Linked Securities, Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Securities or Reference Rate Linked Securities 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Notes are to be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount or the Warrants 
are to be cancelled by payment of the Cancellation Amount, 
as the case may be, in consequence of the occurrence of one 
of the events set out in the relevant Technical Annex and 
specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement; or 
 
(ix) 
the Trustee gives notice to the Issuer that, in the case of 
Notes, the Notes are immediately due and payable or, in the

--- Page 24 ---
11 
case of Warrants, the Warrants are to be cancelled, in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
 
See "General Terms and Conditions — Redemption, Purchase and 
Options", "General Terms and Conditions – Cancellation of 
Warrants" and "General Terms and Conditions – Events of Default". 
Status of Securities ............................  
The Securities of any Series and, in the case of Notes only, the 
relevant Receipt and Coupons (if any), will be secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement) and secured in the manner 
described in "General Terms and Conditions — Transaction 
Security". Recourse in respect of any Series will be limited to the 
Mortgaged Property of that particular Series. Claims of the Holders 
and, if applicable, any counterparty to a Swap, Collateral Securities 
Agreement, Contract, Deposit Agreement and/or Other Agreement 
(together "Other Creditors"), the Agents and the Trustee shall rank 
in accordance with the priorities specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Status of other Transactions .............  
Transactions other than Securities will be limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer secured in the manner described in the documentation 
relating thereto. 
Restrictions.........................................  
So long as any of the Transactions remain outstanding, the Issuer will 
not, without the consent of the Trustee and any Other Creditors, incur 
any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any 
business (other than Transactions contemplated by this Offering 
Circular, which may be entered into under the Programme or 
otherwise) (provided that for the avoidance of doubt nothing shall 
prevent the Issuer from engaging an administrator, accountants, 
statutory auditors and legal and banking advisers), declare any 
dividends in excess of an aggregate annual amount of £1,200 (or the 
equivalent in another currency), have any subsidiaries or employees, 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, 
consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (except as 
contemplated in the Conditions and the relevant Trust Deed) or issue 
any shares. 
Cross-Default .....................................  
None. 
Rating .................................................  
The Programme is not rated but it is anticipated that certain Series of 
Notes (but not Warrants) issued by the Issuer may be rated by 
Moody's Investors Services Ltd. ("Moody's") and/or Standard & 
Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's" 
or "S&P"). Each issue by the Issuer of an unrated Series of Securities 
or a Series of Notes which is rated by only one of either Moody's and 
S&P, shall be notified in writing to each of Moody's and S&P, and 
S&P will confirm in writing to the Issuer that each outstanding Series 
of Notes rated by it will not be adversely affected by the issue of such 
unrated Series of Notes. 
Withholding Tax ................................  
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes, Receipt and Coupons, and any payment of the settlement 
amount in respect of the Warrants, will be made without any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any tax whatsoever, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. Where

--- Page 25 ---
12 
withholding or deduction is required by law, no Issuer shall be 
required to make any additional payment in respect of the same. 
 
In the event of the imposition upon the Issuer of a requirement of Irish 
law, or English law, or any taxation required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, as applicable, to withhold or 
account for tax or the imposition of a tax in respect of its income 
resulting in it being unable to make payment of the full amount due in 
respect of the Securities, the Issuer will, subject to the agreement of 
the Trustee and with the written consent of the Other Creditors use its 
best endeavours to procure the substitution as principal debtor under 
the Trust Deed and the Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, of 
another company incorporated in another jurisdiction, failing which it 
shall redeem the Notes or cancel the Warrants, as applicable, subject 
to certain exceptions. 
Further Issues ....................................  
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Securities of any Series 
of the same type and on the same terms as existing Securities and such 
further Securities shall be consolidated and form a single Series with 
such existing Securities of the same Series; provided that, unless 
otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Holders, the 
Issuer provides additional assets as security for such further Securities 
in accordance with Condition 5 (Restrictions). 
Governing Law ..................................  
English Law. 
Listing .................................................  
Securities issued under the Programme may be admitted to the 
Official List (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin"), 
or listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the Global 
Exchange Market operated and regulated by Euronext Dublin 
("GEM") or such other or further stock exchanges as may be specified 
in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement in which event such 
alternative or additional listing or admission to trading, as the case 
may be, shall be notified to Euronext Dublin. As specified in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement, a Series of Securities may be 
unlisted and/or not admitted to trading on any market. 
 
This Offering Circular constitutes Listing Particulars (the "Listing 
Particulars") where Securities are to be listed or admitted to trading 
on the GEM. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the 
approval of this Offering Circular as Listing Particulars. 
 
Where Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin, "Offering Circular" should be taken to 
mean "Listing Particulars". 
 
This Offering Circular constitutes a Base Prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") where Securities are to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. Application 
will be made to Euronext Dublin for certain Securities issued under 
the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Offering Circular 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Dublin. The terms of such Securities not otherwise set 
forth herein will be set forth in a set of transaction terms hereto which 
comprise a drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus")

--- Page 26 ---
13 
which will be separately approved by the Central Bank. Such approval 
relates only to the Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the 
"Markets in Financial Instruments Directive" or "MiFID II") 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area. 
Selling Restrictions ............................  
There are restrictions on the sale of Securities and the distribution of 
the Offering Circular, the relevant Offering Circular Supplements and 
any other offering materials. See "Selling Restrictions" below. 
 
The Securities described herein are available only to Permitted 
Transferees. 
 
Notes in bearer form will be issued, sold or exchanged in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "TEFRA C Rules") 
unless (i) the relevant Offering Circular Supplement states that Notes 
are issued, sold or exchanged in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (the "TEFRA D Rules"); or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the 
TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
Securities may be issued in registered form if specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 27 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an 
investment in the Securities. You should carefully consider the following discussion of risks, and any risk factors 
included in the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Securities, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Notes or the settlement amount or other amount (where applicable) in the case of Warrants, may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to 
it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Offering Circular shall have the same meanings when used in 
this section. 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, in each category of risk factors, the risk factor identified by the Issuer as 
the most important appears first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of 
the importance or the likelihood of their occurrence. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of, amongst other things, issuing Securities and 
entering into other Transactions under the Programme. The Issuer has, and will have, no assets that are or may be 
available to the Holders other than the Collateral acquired by it, in each case in connection with the issue of 
Securities or the entry by it into other obligations relating to the Programme or otherwise from time to time. 
Recourse of the Holders against the Issuer is limited to the funds available to the Issuer from time to time in 
respect of the Mortgaged Property specified in the Offering Circular Supplement relating to such Series of 
Securities and the Issuer shall have no liability to make any payments under the Securities where such funds are 
not available to it. Therefore, the Holders are exposed to the risk that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds 
available to it to make payments owed under the Securities and will not have any further recourse against the 
Issuer or any other party in such circumstances, but will suffer a corresponding loss on their investment. 
The Issuer, in connection with its business activities, may possess or acquire material information about the 
underlying assets which relates to a particular Series. Such activities and information may cause consequences 
adverse to the Holders. The Issuer has no obligation to disclose such information about the underlying assets or 
the companies to which it relates.  
Certain business activities may create conflicts of interest with Holders 
Societe Generale (which for the purposes of this paragraph shall include any of its affiliates) and/or the Issuer 
may engage in trading and other business activities relating to the underlying fund(s) or their underlying assets 
that are not for the Holders' accounts or on behalf of the Holders. These activities may present a conflict between 
a Holder's interest in the Securities and the interests Societe Generale and/or the Issuer, may have in their 
proprietary account. Any of these trading and/or business activities may affect the value of an underlying fund(s) 
and thus could be adverse to a Holder's return on the Securities.  
Societe Generale and/or the Issuer may receive information about the underlying fund(s) or their underlying assets 
that will not be disclosed to the Holders. Societe Generale and/or the Issuer have no obligation to disclose such 
information about the underlying fund(s) or the companies to which they relate to Holders. 
Issuer’s Dependency upon Certain Counterparties 
In certain cases, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Securities may depend on the receipt by 
it of certain payments from an underlying fund or assets (if any) and/or on the receipt by it of payments under a 
relevant Swap, Deposit Agreement, Collateral Securities Agreement or any other agreement, notwithstanding the 
performance of any relevant underlying fund or assets. Consequently, the Issuer, and therefore the Holders, will 
be exposed to a payment delay or failure in respect of any underlying fund or assets and/or the ability of the

--- Page 28 ---
15 
counterparty to any such agreement to perform its obligations under such agreement and to the creditworthiness 
of such counterparty. 
Risk of non-performance by the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager or the Counterparty  
A failure by the Swap Counterparty to perform its duties and obligations with respect to a Swap, a failure by the 
Collateral Manager to perform its duties and obligations with respect to the Collateral Management Agreement 
or a failure by the Counterparty to perform its duties and obligations with respect to a Collateral Securities 
Agreement may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its payment obligations under the Securities 
and/or the availability of the Collateral Securities, and consequently the realisation of the Collateral Securities and 
the amount distributable to Holders. 
No Regulation of the Issuer by any Regulatory Authority 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or 
banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that the regulatory authorities 
in one or more jurisdictions would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the 
Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by any such regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer, 
or the Holders of Securities issued by the Issuer. 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland and is not within the scope 
of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is not licenced or authorised by the 
Central Bank by virtue of the issue of Securities. 
Taxation position of the Issuer 
Iris has been advised that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying companies as set out 
in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended), of Ireland ("Section 110"), and as such should 
be taxed only on the amount of their respective retained profit after deducting all amounts of interest and other 
revenue expenses due to be paid by them. If, for any reason, Iris is not or ceases to be entitled to the benefits of 
Section 110, then profits or losses could arise in Iris, which could result in tax consequences not contemplated in 
the cash flows in respect of any Securities. In such circumstances both the tax treatment of Iris and consequently 
payments on such Securities could be adversely affected. 
Irish tax rules contain certain measures which may qualify the extent to which interest payable in respect of results-
dependent securities may be deducted for Irish tax purposes. The measures provide that persons which both: (i) 
hold more than 20% of results-dependent securities issued by an Irish securitisation company (such as Iris) or 
interest payable in respect of them; and (ii) exercise 'significant influence' over an Irish securitisation company 
may be treated as 'controlling' that company for Irish tax purposes. Interest paid to persons who control Iris may 
only be deducted for Irish tax purposes to the extent such interest is paid to a person that is resident in Ireland or 
otherwise within the charge to Irish corporation tax or the interest is subject to tax in a Member State of the 
European Union (other than Ireland) or a jurisdiction with which Ireland has a double tax treaty. The term 
'significant influence' is defined as meaning an ability to participate in the financial and operating decisions of an 
Irish securitisation company.  
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law and Floating Charges 
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company such as Iris, when applying the proceeds of assets subject 
to fixed security which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited 
category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. 
These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the 
company (which may include any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company's requirements for the 
duration of his appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts. See the risk factor entitled 
"Examinership" below for a description of the primary risks to Holders of Securities if an examiner were appointed 
to Iris.  
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include Iris) 
may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue Commissioners, 
to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment of debts due to it by the company.

--- Page 29 ---
16 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the 
security within 21 days of its creation, or where the fixed charge has been transferred, on or before 31 January 
2020 or within 21 days of the date of transfer of the fixed charge (whichever is the later) the holder's liability is 
limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of 
value added tax) arising after the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners' notice to the holder of fixed 
security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by another 
person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether the liabilities are 
due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue Commissioners has 
not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or 
floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a person 
entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the company 
on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with the assets 
which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or appropriating 
the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that such liberty is given to Iris 
any respective charge constituted by the Trust Deed may operate as a floating, rather than a fixed charge.  The 
holder of a charge created as a floating charge which is purportedly crystallised into a fixed charge may be deemed 
to have waived the purported crystallisation event or, alternatively, be estopped from relying on the purported 
crystallisation where the person who created the charge retains liberty to deal with the assets which are the subject 
matter of the security following the purported crystallisation. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is necessary to oblige 
the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account and to prohibit the 
chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies standing to the credit of such account without the 
consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that the fixed 
security over Iris'  accounts and the respective Securities would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge. 
Prospective investors should be aware that floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained in 
the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution creditors 
and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain 
taxes, on winding-up or on the appointment of a receiver, even if crystallised prior to the commencement 
of the winding-up or the appointment of the receiver, they rank after certain insolvency remuneration 
expenses and liabilities; 
(c) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating charge 
even if crystallised prior to the commencement of the winding-up;  
(d) 
they are affected by Section 597 (circumstances in which a floating charge is invalid) of the Companies 
Act (as defined below); and 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
Examinership 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) (the "Companies 
Act") to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its centre 
of main interest in Ireland is, or is likely to be unable to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition 
to the relevant Irish court under Section 509 of the Companies Act.

--- Page 30 ---
17 
Iris, the directors of Iris, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of Iris, or shareholders of Iris holding, at the 
date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of its voting share capital are each entitled to petition 
the court for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts 
and arrangements entered into by the company after this appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a 
negative pledge given by the company prior to this appointment. Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the 
subject of a fixed charge. However, if such power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the 
fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the 
proceeds of the sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going concern. 
A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the Irish High Court when it is satisfied that:  
(a) 
a majority in number of creditors whose interests or claims would be impaired by implementation of the 
proposals, representing a majority in value of the claims that would be impaired by implementation of 
the proposals, have accepted the proposals; or  
(b) 
 
(i) 
a majority of the voting classes of creditors whose interests or claims would be impaired by the 
scheme of arrangement have accepted them, provided that at least one of those creditor classes 
is a class of secured creditors or is senior to the class of ordinary unsecured creditors (for 
example, creditors whose claims are afforded preferential status pursuant to statute); or 
(ii) 
where the condition prescribed in (i) above has not been satisfied, at least one voting class of 
creditors whose interests or claims would be impaired by the scheme of arrangement and who 
would be an "in the money creditor" in a liquidation has voted in favour of the scheme of 
arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form separate 
classes of creditors. If the Trustee represented the majority in number and value of claims within the secured 
creditor class (which would be likely given the restrictions agreed to by Iris in the Conditions), the Trustee would 
be in a position to reject any proposal not in favour of the Holders. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at 
the Irish High Court hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are 
unfair and inequitable in relation to the Holders, especially if such proposals included a writing down to the value 
of amounts due by the Issuer to the Holders. The primary risks to the Holders if an examiner were appointed to 
Iris are as follows: 
(a) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down of 
the debt due by Iris to the Holders as secured by the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Trustee, acting for and on behalf of the secured creditors, would not be able to enforce rights against 
the Issuer during the period of examinership; 
(c) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Securities prohibiting the 
creation of security of the incurring of borrowings by Iris to enable the examiner to borrow to fund Iris 
during the protection period; and 
(d) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and Iris subsequently goes into liquidation, 
the examiner's remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner on 
behalf of Iris and approved by the Irish High Court) will take priority over the monies and liabilities 
which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by Iris to each of the secured creditors 
under the Securities or the transaction documents. 
Risks of interruption or malfunction of Societe Generale information and communication systems due to cyber 
criminality 
The Issuer relies largely on Societe Generale’s group information and communication systems to carry out its 
businesses. Any interruption or malfunction in the security of Societe Generale’s systems, which could be caused 
in particular by a breakdown or operational failure of its financial intermediaries or external service providers

--- Page 31 ---
18 
which it uses to carry out or facilitate its securities operations or by malicious and/or fraudulent acts using digital 
means to reach data, data treatments and data users and constituting a cybercrime, could lead to malfunctions or 
interruptions in Societe Generale group’s information and communication. Even if the Societe Generale’s group 
has developed means aiming at preventing the occurrence of such events, these risks cannot be totally excluded. 
If such interruptions, malfunctions, malicious and/or fraudulent acts occurred, the Issuer might not be able to 
perform its obligations under the Securities or might perform them only partly. In those cases, pursuant to the 
General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer, upon notification to the Holders, would suspend the performance of its 
obligations without this constituting an event of default and without interest accruing on the Securities. 
Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Risk relating to the applications of international financial sanctions 
Economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures (the "Sanctions") may be enacted, 
administered or enforced by the United Nations, the United States of America, the United Kingdom or the 
European Union (or any present or future member state thereof) (or by any agency of any of above mentioned) 
against countries, entities and/or individuals. Sanctions usually aim at prohibiting payments to be made to the 
relevant countries, entities and/or individuals, and as such may affect the capacity of the Issuer, the paying agents 
and/or the clearing systems to effectuate the payments due under the Securities in whole or in part. The Sanctions 
may be different from one of the jurisdictions or organizations mentioned above to another, they may have an 
extra territorial effect. The way of complying with the Sanctions also largely rely on the interpretation made by 
the authorities in charge of the implementation of these Sanctions. In that context, pursuant to the General Terms 
and Conditions, the Issuer, upon notification to the Holders, would suspend the performance of its obligations 
without this constituting an event of default and without interest accruing on the Securities. Consequently, 
investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
Risks relating to the Securities 
Securities subject to Optional Redemption or Cancellation by the Issuer 
The relevant Technical Annex and/or the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities may specify that Notes 
can be subject to an early redemption, or Warrants can be subject to an early cancellation which can be triggered 
at the Issuer's sole discretion either on certain predefined dates or at any time during the life of the Notes or 
Warrants. The possibility of an early redemption of the Notes or an early cancellation of the Warrants at the 
Issuer's discretion may limit the market value of such Notes or Warrants. Before or during each period during 
which the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes or cancel the Warrants, their market value will not rise substantially 
above their redemption price or cancellation price (as applicable) and the Holders will not benefit from the 
subsequent performance of the Underlying(s). 
Early redemption of the Securities for tax reasons or regulatory reasons 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may decide to redeem early the Notes or cancel the 
Warrants at market value upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, a Regulatory Event 
affecting the Issuer). This could result in Holders receiving an amount which may be lower than the amount of 
the initial investment (regardless of the level of capital protection at maturity, if any) with the Notes being 
redeemed or Warrants expired earlier than they had anticipated and the Holders will not benefit from the 
performance of the Underlying(s) subsequent to such event.  
Risks related to adjustments, substitution or cancellation of the Securities 
The relevant Technical Annex and/or the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities give the Calculation 
Agent a certain discretion to determine whether any event(s) affecting the Securities or the underlying(s) has 
occurred in accordance with such Technical Annex and/or Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. The 
Calculation Agent also has certain discretion in order to determine the consequences thereof for the Securities or 
the underlying(s), including determination of the price of the underlying(s) and the choice between (a) 
mechanisms to adjust or substitute the underlying(s), (b) the deduction of the increase in the cost of hedging of 
any amount due, (c) the monetisation and, consequently, the de-indexation of the formula of the Securities for all 
or part of the amounts due under the Securities on the underlying(s) and (d) the early redemption of the Notes or 
the early expiration of the Warrants by the Issuer, without any obligation to take into account the interest of the 
Holders. In the absence of manifest or proven error, these adjustments, substitutions or cancellation decisions will 
be binding upon the Issuer, the relevant Agent and the Holders. Each of these measures imposed on Securities

--- Page 32 ---
19 
may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested (regardless of the level of capital protection of the 
Securities, if any). 
Trading in the Securities and/or the Underlyings may be suspended, interrupted or terminated 
If the Securities are listed on one (or more) regulated or unregulated markets, the trading of such Securities may 
– depending on the rules applicable to such markets – be suspended or interrupted by the respective stock exchange 
or a competent regulatory authority upon the occurrence of a number of reasons, including violation of price limits, 
breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational problems of the stock exchange or generally if deemed 
required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in 
the Securities may be terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority.  
Where trading in an Underlying of the Securities is suspended, interrupted or terminated, trading in the respective 
Securities will usually also be suspended, interrupted or terminated and existing orders for the sale or purchase of 
such Securities will usually be cancelled. Investors should note that the Issuer has no influence on trading 
suspension or interruptions and that investors in any event must bear the risks connected therewith. In particular, 
investors may not be able to sell their Securities where trading is suspended, interrupted or terminated, and the 
stock exchange quotations of such Securities may not adequately reflect the price of such Securities. All these 
risks would, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the value of the Securities and investors may 
therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
Securities with leveraged exposure 
The redemption formula of certain Securities may embed a leverage factor increasing the exposure to the relevant 
underlying and will amplify both return and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a 
return (assuming a return is achieved) when the applicable underlying moves in the anticipated direction, it will 
conversely magnify losses when such underlying moves against expectations of investors. Prospective investors 
should note that Securities will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses may 
be higher than those of a similar security which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in such 
Securities if they fully understand the effects of the leverage that may be embedded in such Securities whose 
market value may be significantly more volatile than the market value of the Securities that do not have this 
feature. 
Risks relating to certain Agents 
The Issuer will depend upon each of HSBC Continental Europe, Luxembourg as Warrant Authentication Agent 
and HSBC Bank plc as Issuing and Paying Agent, Warrant Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar, Calculation Agent 
and Custodian to perform its obligations under the Agency Agreement.  
Any payment to Holders will be made by the relevant Agent on behalf of the Issuer. The Issuer shall transfer to 
the relevant Agent such amount as may be due under the Securities on or before each date on which such payment 
in respect of the Securities becomes due. 
If any Agent, while holding funds for payment to the Holders, is declared insolvent, the Holders may not receive 
all (or any part) of amounts due to them from such Agent in which case the Holders will have to claim any payment 
directly from the Issuer.  
Hedging and Trading Activity by Societe Generale, any of its affiliates and/or the Issuer could Potentially 
Affect the Value of the Securities 
In the ordinary course of its business, Societe Generale (which for the purposes of this paragraph shall include 
any of its affiliates) and/or the Issuer may effect transactions for each account of its customers and hold long or 
short positions in any underlying or reference asset(s), reference entities or obligors or related derivatives.  
Societe Generale and/or the Issuer may enter into transactions in the underlying fund(s), underlying assets of the 
underlying fund(s) and/or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the 
underlying fund(s) or their underlying assets, and therefore the Securities. Societe Generale and/or the Issuer may 
also issue other securities or financial or derivative instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the 
performance of the underlying fund(s) or their underlying assets. Any of the above situations may result in 
consequences which may be adverse to a Holder's investment.

--- Page 33 ---
20 
These transactions may affect Issuer's Hedge Positions (as more fully described in the relevant Technical Annex) 
which could in turn impact the market value of the Securities and consequently investors may lose part or all of 
their investment in the Securities. 
Exchange Rate Risks Currency Unavailability 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest amounts on the Notes, or the settlement amount (where applicable) in 
the case of Warrants, in the Specified Currency (as defined herein). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, or the settlement amount (where applicable) in the case of 
Warrants and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Securities. 
The Issuer may issue Dual Currency Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent 
upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different 
from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Accordingly an investment in Dual Currency Notes may 
bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange investment and prospective investors should take advice 
accordingly. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. In addition, due to the imposition of these exchange controls or other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, it might become impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations in 
the settlement currency of the Securities. In that context, pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
upon notification to the Holders would have the right to perform its obligations without interest accruing on the 
Securities until the events making the currency unavailable ceases to exist or if earlier, the thirtieth calendar day 
following the scheduled due date for payment (which may be later than the initially scheduled maturity date of 
the Securities) without interest accruing on the Securities.  
Moreover, the Issuer may decide to replace the settlement currency of the Securities by euro or USD and deduct 
from the amounts paid to the Holders any cost to the Issuer, Societe Generale and/or its affiliates of unwinding 
any hedging arrangements related to the Securities and any transaction, payment or other costs and expenses 
arising directly out of the occurrence of the above mentioned event or the related payment of the amounts due 
under the Securities following the occurrence of these events which may result in the Holders receiving less than 
the amounts they would have received in the absence of occurrence of such currency related events. 
Partly-Paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one part payment by the investor. Failure 
by the investor to pay any subsequent part payment could result in an investor losing some or all of his investment. 
In the event that investors purchase Partly-Paid Notes on the secondary market prior to all the part payments being 
made and these Notes being fully paid up, such investors incur the risk to be required to pay such remaining part 
payments in addition to the price they paid to purchase these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest 
return for Holders. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on 
the floating rate may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If 
the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
21 
Notes issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. The longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Securities referencing a benchmark 
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that 
constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, 
as applicable. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark". 
The EU Benchmark Regulation, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. The UK Benchmark Regulation, among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark within the UK. Notwithstanding 
the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(E) of the General Terms and Conditions, which seek to mitigate any adverse 
effects for the Holders, the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular: 
● 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the 
Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a 
non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the 
transitional provisions do not apply; and 
● 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, 
Holders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would have been the case without such 
change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes – please refer to the risk factor entitled "In case of occurrence of an 
Index Event the applicable floating rate of interest could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" without any requirement that the consent of 
Holders be obtained" below. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the 
Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-
free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes

--- Page 35 ---
22 
a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was 
available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the EU Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation have been further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 
(the "Amending Regulation"). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European 
Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional 
provisions applicable to third country benchmarks have been further extended until the end of 2025 by 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks have strongly encouraged the transition away from IBORs, such as 
LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified 'risk free rates' to replace such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This 
includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR (now discontinued), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark, (ii) for USD LIBOR (now discontinued), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark, (iii) for EONIA and 
EURIBOR, a Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or "EuroSTR") as the euro risk-free rate, (iv) for CHF LIBOR 
(now discontinued), the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”), as the primary Swiss france interest rate 
benchmark and (v) for JPY LIBOR (now discontinued), the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (“TONA”), as the 
primary Japanese yen interest rate benchmark. Similar initiatives have replaced the LIBOR rates in other 
currencies -– i.e. Hong Kong Dollar ("HIBOR"), Australian dollar ("BBSW") and Canadian dollar ("CDOR") – 
to transition over to identified alternative risk free rates.  
In case of occurrence of an Index Event the applicable floating rate of interest could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
without any requirement that the consent of Holders be obtained 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, occurrence of certain events affecting the benchmarks (each an 
"Index Event") such as loss of any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of 
the Reference Rate, the permanent cessation of the Reference Rate or the loss of representativeness of the 
Reference Rate will trigger the application of certain fallbacks arrangements including if an inter-bank offered 
rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap 
rate) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any paying agent or any other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) are no 
longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to an 
Replacement Rate with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread (which, if applied, could be positive 
or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark) (both as defined in Condition 6(c)(iv)(G) of the General Terms and 
Conditions), and may include amendments to the General Terms and Conditions to ensure the proper operation 
of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent. 
No consent or approval of the Holders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the General Terms and 
Conditions (or any other document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable).

--- Page 36 ---
23 
Investors should note that, the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent will have a certain discretion 
to determine the Replacement Rate and as the case may be the Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such Holder. 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. These 
risk-free rates have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they will eventually 
replace. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes 
linked to any such rates. Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes.  
The General Terms and Conditions allow Notes referencing inter alia SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA 
to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, as reference rates in the capital markets, 
and their adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof 
may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions 
and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Offering Circular. 
Investors may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
The nascent development of the use of these risk free rates as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of risk free rates-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of 
the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
In addition, the Issuer or Calculation Agent has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of 
these risk-free rates. There can be no guarantee that they will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Holders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes. 
These risk-free rates may fail to gain market acceptance and any market of the Notes indexed on these rates may 
be illiquid and unpredictable. Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning these risk free 
rates. The investors are exposed to some discretion of the Calculation Agent to determine the interest rate that will 
replace the benchmarks that will cease to be published or used and to calculate the amount of interest needed to 
calculate the amounts due under the Notes on the basis of the risk-free rates.  
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by reference 
to the risk free rates 
The Rate of Interest or Interest Rate in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to risk free rates such 
as SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA overnight funding rates with Interest Periods longer than overnight 
and will be calculated on the basis of (a) the arithmetic mean of such rate over the relevant Interest Period, where 
such rate is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or (b) a compounded risk 
free rate (i) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that the risk free rate used as the basis for calculation is that 
which was observed a specified number of days prior or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number 
of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such 
Interest Period or (c) calculated by reference to the level of the risk free rate published by its Administrator or 
authorised distributors. As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each 
interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. 
Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes and there 
is a possibility that such amount could be lower than expected. 
Risks relating to legal, tax and regulatory changes 
The General Terms and Conditions (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected 
therewith) are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No assurance can be given

--- Page 37 ---
24 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such laws, or the official application or interpretation 
of such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Offering Circular. 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Securities that may adversely affect the 
Securities, the underlying or related derivatives or the Collateral Securities. The regulatory environment is 
evolving, and changes in the regulation of any entities may adversely affect their value. Regulators and self-
regulatory organisations and exchanges are authorised to take extraordinary actions in the event of market 
emergencies. The regulation of securities and derivatives transactions or the Collateral Securities is an evolving 
area of law and is subject to modification by government and judicial action. The effect of any future regulatory 
change on the underlying or related derivatives could be material, including clearing and margin requirements for 
derivatives and consequently may adversely affect the value of the Securities. Investors may therefore lose part 
or all of their investment in the Securities. 
Limited Recourse against the Issuer 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should note that Holders are only entitled to have recourse to the assets 
over which security has been created in relation to the Securities. After those assets have been realised and the 
proceeds distributed in accordance with the order of priority set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities, 
the Holders are not entitled to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, or otherwise assert a claim or take 
any further step against the Issuer to recover any further sum, including any step for the liquidation or winding-
up of the Issuer or appointment of an examiner to the Issuer, and no debt, liability or obligation shall be owed by 
the Issuer in respect of any further sum. 
Waiver of set-off 
Pursuant to Condition 18(b) (Third Party Rights, Waiver of Set-off and Suspension of Listing) of the General 
Terms and Conditions, the Holders waive any right of or claims of set-off, netting, compensation, retention and 
counterclaim (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case 
whether or not relating to the Securities) in relation to the Securities, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
As a result, the Holders will not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Securities 
against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Meetings of Holders 
The General Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a video conference platform) of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally (see 
Condition 13(a) (Meetings of Holders) of the General Terms and Conditions). These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Holders, including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, Holders 
who did not consent to the resolutions and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General 
meetings or written consultations may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of 
the Securities. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions will need to be amended during 
the term of the Securities by a meeting of the Holders, if a decision is adopted by a majority of Holders and such 
modifications impair or limit the rights of Holders, this may negatively affect the market value of the Securities 
and Holders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Securities, although the probability of such a 
decision being taken by Holders is considered to be low. 
Risks relating to the market of the Securities 
Market value of the Securities 
The trading market for the Securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events. 
The market for the Securities is influenced by the economic and market conditions, interest rates, currency 
exchange rates and inflation rates in Europe and other industrialised countries and areas. There can be no assurance 
that events in France, Europe or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely 
affect the price of Securities or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect.

--- Page 38 ---
25 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Securities is below the Final Redemption Amount (in respect 
of Notes) or the Settlement Amount (in respect of Warrants), and accordingly Holders may receive an amount or 
an asset with a value significantly lower than the amount that they invested to purchase the Securities. 
Risks relating to the secondary market of the Securities 
If the Securities are subject to market making agreements, the aim is to ensure the liquidity of the Securities on 
the markets where they are traded, assuming normal market conditions and normally functioning IT systems. 
Certain exceptional market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity of the Securities. Holders may not be 
able to sell their Securities easily or may have to sell them at a price that significantly affects the amount they 
earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount invested. 
Certain Securities have materially relevant liquidity risk. Certain exceptional market circumstances may adversely 
affect the liquidity of the Securities. Holders may not be able to sell their Securities easily or may have to sell 
them at a price that significantly affects the amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the 
amount invested. 
There may be no market on which such Securities may be traded, which may have a material adverse effect on 
the price at which such Securities can be resold and may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested. 
The Securities may be completely illiquid and may not be able to be resold. 
Reinvestment risks 
The Securities may be redeemed, expire early or be subject to cancellation at a time when an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the proceeds at an expected yield as high as the return on the Securities being early 
redeemed, exercised or cancelled, as the case may be, and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower yield. 
Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
Emerging Markets 
The assets comprising the Collateral or, as the case may be, to which the return on any Series of Securities may 
be linked may originate from an emerging markets country. Investing in securities or other assets issued by entities 
in emerging markets countries or in any Series of Securities, the return on which is linked to such securities or 
other assets involves certain systemic and other risks and special considerations which include: 
(a) 
the prices of emerging markets securities and other assets may be subject to sharp and sudden fluctuations 
and declines; 
(b) 
emerging markets securities and other assets tend to be relatively illiquid. Trading volume may be lower 
than in debt of higher grade credits. This may result in wide bid/offer spreads prevailing in adverse 
market conditions. In addition, the sale or purchase price quoted for a portion of the Collateral may be 
better than can actually be obtained on the sale of the entire holding of the Collateral; 
(c) 
published information in or in respect of emerging markets countries and the issuers of or obligors in 
respect of emerging markets securities or other assets has been proven on occasions to be materially 
inaccurate; 
(d) 
in certain cases the Holders of Securities or investors in other Transactions may be exposed to the risk 
of default by a sub-custodian in an emerging markets country; and 
(e) 
realisation of Collateral comprising emerging markets securities or other assets may be subject to 
restrictions or delays arising under local law. 
Risk linked to a high rate of inflation 
Investors' attention is drawn to the fact that in the event of a high rate of inflation between the time when they 
acquired the Securities and the time when they will receive any returns on the Securities, the amount (if any) 
payable to investors may not allow investors to purchase assets, goods or services that they would have been able 
to purchase at the time of their investment in the Securities. Consequently, prospective investors should consider 
the risk of high inflation rates before investing in the Securities.

--- Page 39 ---
26 
Risks relating to Structured Securities 
Risks relating to the Underlying(s) – gap risk 
The redemption amounts at maturity or otherwise, and/or the interest amounts due under Structured Securities are 
calculated by reference to the prices of the Underlying(s), depending on the indexing formula for these amounts, 
it being specified that the past performance of an Underlying does not in any way prejudge its future performance. 
Potential investors are exposed to the risk of not receiving interest, and/or losing all or a substantial part of the 
amount invested. The issuers or owners of assets underlying the Securities do not participate in the offer of the 
Securities and have no obligation to take into account the interests of the Holders, when they take decisions likely 
to affect the value of these assets. 
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying(s) may change suddenly and significantly during the 
trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or negative and is known as the "Gap 
Risk". If the price of the Securities includes a premium, this will be calculated to take account of the cost to the 
Issuer, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates of unwinding their hedging positions in relation to the Securities 
on early redemption of the Securities and the Gap Risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the 
Underlying(s). Holders will not receive a refund of this premium if an early redemption event occurs, which could 
significantly reduce the return a Holder stands to receive on its investment. 
Potential limitation in the benefit of the performance of the price of the Underlying(s) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement provide that the exposure of the Securities to one or more 
Underlyings is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Securities will not benefit from any 
upside in the value of any such Underlying(s) beyond such limit or cap. In this case, Holders will not receive as 
much from their investment as they would have done if they had invested directly in the Underlying(s) or in 
alternative Securities without such features. The likelihood of this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of the 
Underlying(s) performing such that the limit or cap affects the Securities. 
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying(s) 
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected 
person in respect of an Underlying) and Holders will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any 
such Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying). The 
Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected 
person in respect of an Underlying and such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of 
their actions on any Holders and such consequences may have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. 
Holders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. In addition, the Issuer, Societe Generale 
and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group may take any action in respect of the Underlying(s) and the 
Holders will have no right or claim against the Issuer, Societe Generale and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's 
group in respect of any amount that may be recovered by the Issuer, Societe Generale and/or any entity of the 
Societe Generale's group in respect of such Underlying. 
Risks relating to Share Linked Securities and Depositary Receipt Linked Securities 
The issuers of underlying shares or depositary receipts are not involved in the offer of the Securities in any way 
and have no obligation to consider a Holder's interests in taking any corporate actions that might affect the value 
of the Securities. The issuers of underlying shares or depositary receipts may take actions that will adversely affect 
the value of the Securities. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to exchange traded fund ("ETF") 
Exchange traded funds are subject to market trading risks 
An ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack of an active market, 
losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the creation 
or redemption process of such ETF. If any of these risks materialises, this may lead to the ETF shares trading at a 
premium or discount to its fair market value.

--- Page 40 ---
27 
Action or non-performance by the management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF may 
adversely affect the Securities 
In case of an ETF Linked Security, the management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have 
no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to any purchaser of such 
Securities. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETF will rely on the fund advisor, the 
investment advisor, the management company and/or on third parties providing services such as safekeeping of 
assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or other instruments used by such ETF to employ its investment 
strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services of any such persons or institutions may expose an ETF 
to lose value. Failure of procedures or systems, as well as human error or external events associated with an ETF's 
management and/or administration, may reduce the value of the ETF and affect the market value of the Securities. 
Credit risk of the issuer of the ETF 
The value of the ETF Linked Securities is dependent on the value of the ETFs, which will depend in part on the 
creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETFs, which may vary over the term of the relevant Securities. A change in 
the creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETFs may therefore affect the performance of the ETFs, and the value of 
Securities linked to ETFs. Consequently, depending on the performance of such ETFs, Holders may lose part or 
all of their investment in the ETF Linked Securities. 
Where the underlying asset is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such exchange traded fund will 
not accurately track its underlying share or index 
Where the Securities are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the performance 
of a share or an index, the investors of such Notes are exposed to the performance of such ETF rather than the 
underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain tax and regulatory 
constraints, an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or index, 
which could give rise to a difference between the performance of the underlying share or index and such ETF. 
Accordingly, investors who purchase Securities that are linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such 
investors had invested in the share or the index underlying such ETF directly. 
Exchange traded funds not actively managed 
If the investment objective of an ETF is to track the performance of an index or other asset, such ETF will invest 
in instruments included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is tracking regardless of their 
investment merits. The performance of such ETF may be affected by general movements in market segments 
related to the index or other asset it is tracking, and such general movements in market segments may therefore 
affect the value of Securities linked to such ETF. Consequently, depending on the performance of such ETF, 
Holders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETF Linked Securities. 
Exchange traded funds may engage in securities lending 
Securities lending involves the risk that the ETF may lose money because the borrower of the ETF's loaned 
securities fails to return the securities in a timely manner or at all or at all or that insufficient collateral has been 
posted in respect of such securities lending transaction. Securities lending carried out by the ETF may therefore 
affect its performance and the value of Securities linked to such ETF. Consequently, depending on the 
performance of such ETF, Holders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETF Linked Securities. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to an index 
The policies of the sponsor of an index as regards additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying 
the index and the manner in which the index sponsor takes account of certain changes affecting such underlying 
assets may affect the value of the index. The policies of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an 
index could also affect the value of the index. An index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of information relating to its index. Any such actions could affect the value of the Securities and 
Holders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
An index sponsor may at any time during the life of the Securities discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of information relating to its index. As a consequence investors in Index Linked Securities are 
exposed to the risk of discontinuance of the operational capacity and expertise of the Index Sponsor to ensure the

--- Page 41 ---
28 
calculation and maintenance of the index according to the methodology in force throughout the life of the 
Securities. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to a SGI Index 
The composition of, and the methodologies used in connection with, certain indices to which Securities are linked 
may be determined and selected by Societe Generale or one of its affiliates. In selecting such methodologies, 
Societe Generale or the relevant affiliate of Societe Generale, can be expected to have regard to its own objectives 
and interests and/or those of its affiliates and there is no guarantee that the methodologies selected will not be less 
favourable to the interests of investors than methodologies used by other index sponsors in comparable 
circumstances. 
If the hedging activities of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in connection with a particular index are 
disrupted, Societe Generale or the relevant affiliate may decide to terminate calculations in relation to such index 
sooner than another index sponsor would in comparable circumstances. Such a termination could cause 
adjustments, de-indextion, substitution of the SGI Index or the early redemption or cancellation of the Securities. 
Conflicts of interest in connection with proprietary indices 
Societe Generale acts as sponsor of proprietary indices ("SGI Indices"). These indices are calculated by an 
external calculation agent in accordance with rules which describe the methodology for determining the 
composition and calculation of these proprietary indices (the Rules).  
(a) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed on a discretionary basis by Societe Generale or an affiliate 
of Societe Generale to which Securities are linked, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest 
between its obligations as the issuer of these Securities and as a composer of these indices, given that the 
determination of the composition of these indices may have an impact on the value of the Securities. 
Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
(b) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed by a third party to which the Securities are linked, Societe 
Generale may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as the issuer of these Securities and as a 
sponsor of these indices, insofar as it can modify or supplement the Rules, in accordance with the Rules, 
which may have an impact on the value of the Securities. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of 
their investment in the Securities. 
(c) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed by the application of a mathematical formula in a non-
discretionary manner by Societe Generale or any third party, Societe Generale may face a conflict of 
interest between its obligations as the issuer of these Securities and as a sponsor of these indices, insofar 
as it may, modify, in accordance with the Rules, certain parameters (such as the funding spread) or 
provide the assessment of certain components, which may have an impact on the value of the Securities. 
Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to a Fund 
Risks relating to underlying funds 
Some funds may have little or no oversight and regulation, which can increase the likelihood of fraud and 
negligence on the part of Fund managers and/or investment advisers, brokerage firms or the banks. 
The funds may include complex tax structures and deferrals in the distribution of important tax information. 
The funds on which Structured Securities may be indexed may not publish information on their transactions and 
portfolios. 
The members of the Societe Generale Group may from time to time obtain information on specific funds which 
may not be available to the general public in the ordinary course of their business, and not in relation to any offer 
of Securities (including as funds which are managed by managers that are part of Societe Generale Group). As 
part of the ordinary course of their business, the members may recommend, or decide not to recommend, certain 
specific funds to their customers which may appear, currently or in the future, among the underlying Fund(s) used 
in the redemption formula of Structured Securities. All the positions that may be taken by the members of the

--- Page 42 ---
29 
Societe Generale Group in respect of the expected future performance of one or more funds (including in respect 
of funds which are managed by managers part of Societe Generale Group) do not constitute an indication of the 
future performance of this/these funds. 
Fund managers' investment strategies 
The fund managers (including a manager that is part of Societe Generale Group) do not participate in the offer of 
the Securities in any way and have no obligation to take into account the interest of the Holders in taking measures 
which could have an impact on the value of the shares or units of the underlying Fund(s) and therefore on the 
value of the Securities. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Securities. 
The manager and / or investment advisor of the underlying fund who implements the investment strategy of the 
Fund may decide to invest in financial assets or instruments which themselves carry risk with a view to 
maximising profits, including by borrowing amounts that may represent more than 100% of the Fund's asset value. 
The manager and / or investment adviser may be all the more encouraged when his remuneration is indexed to the 
performance of the Fund. These elements can have a significant negative impact on the share / share of the 
underlying Fund and therefore on the value of the Securities. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their 
investment in the Securities. 
Fund managers and/or investment advisors of the underlying Fund(s) 
The performance of the underlying fund(s) will depend to a considerable extent on the performance of the fund's 
managers and/or investment advisors of the fund(s). Investors in Fund Linked Securities are therefore exposed to 
the risk of fraud and misrepresentation by unaffiliated fund managers or the investment advisors. Furthermore, as 
a practical matter, it may be difficult to bring an action, or to seek to enforce a judgment obtained in an action, 
against any of the aforementioned entities. In addition, the fund's managers and/or the investment advisors may 
be removed or replaced, the allocation of assets may vary from time to time and the various positions of the 
investments of the underlying fund(s) may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the performance 
of the underlying Fund(s). 
The fund's managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise other funds and/or accounts and may 
have financial and other incentives to favour such other funds and/or accounts over the underlying Fund(s). Also, 
the fund's managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise for their own accounts and the accounts 
of their clients and may make recommendations or take positions similar or dissimilar to those of the underlying 
fund(s) or which may compete with the underlying Fund(s). 
Fees, deductions and charges will reduce any amounts due by the Issuer under the Securities  
Fund fees and expenses will be deducted from the net asset value of the fund that may offset the fund's trading 
profits, and hence reduce the value of the fund units. Accordingly, to the extent that any amounts due by the Issuer 
under the Securities is linked to the net asset value of a fund, such amount payable to Holders will be less than it 
would have been absent these fees, deductions and charges. 
The illiquidity of the underlying Fund's investments may cause the determination of any amounts due by the 
Issuer under the Securities to be reduced or delayed 
The relevant amounts due to investors in Fund Linked Securities depend on the redemption proceeds of the units 
or shares of the underlying Fund which will be paid by the underlying Fund under a valid redemption order given 
by a hypothetical investor with effect as of the relevant valuation date. Substantial redemption orders on units or 
shares of an underlying Fund on a particular day (including by the Swap Counterparty in liquidating a Swap) 
could require such Fund to liquidate positions more rapidly than would be otherwise desirable and have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Securities. Many funds have provisions whereby redemption requests are scaled 
back if the aggregate amount of such requests reaches a predetermined limit or where redemption orders can be 
delayed or suspended discretionarily. 
Investments of the underlying Fund may also not be readily saleable on or shortly after a redemption order if they 
are illiquid. 
If the proceeds from the redemption of the units or shares have not been paid by the underlying Fund on the 
initially scheduled Maturity Date or any early redemption date (in the case of Notes) or the initially scheduled

--- Page 43 ---
30 
Settlement Date or any cancellation date (in the case of Warrants), the payment of the amounts due on such date 
may be postponed after the Maturity Date or Settlement Date, as the case may be, up to a maximum period of two 
years. If at the expiry of this two-year period, the underlying Fund has not paid in full the redemption proceeds of 
the units or shares, the amount due under the Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of what has actually been paid by the underlying Fund. The amount received by the investors in the Securities 
may be as low as zero. 
Risks relating to master-feeder structure 
The underlying Fund(s) may invest through a "master-feeder" structure. A "feeder" fund usually refers to a fund 
which pools the investment capital raised from investors and invests (or "feeds") such capital in an overarching 
umbrella fund (usually known as a "master" fund), which will be responsible for the investments in its portfolio. 
As such, the underlying Fund(s) will contribute substantially part or all of its assets to the master fund and may 
do so alongside other investors, including other feeder funds. The relevant master fund may also establish or allow 
investment by additional investors or feeder funds in the future. 
The underlying fund(s) may be materially affected by the actions of other investors, investment vehicles and 
feeder funds investing in the master fund, particularly if such investors have large investments in the master fund. 
If a larger investment vehicle or entity with a large investment in the master fund redeems its investment in the 
master fund, illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it difficult for the master fund to liquidate 
positions on favourable terms to effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset 
value of the unit or share of the master fund and hence a decrease in the market value of the Securities. In addition, 
to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager of the master fund may need to liquidate the master fund's most 
liquid investments; leaving remaining investors (including the underlying Fund(s)) invested in more illiquid 
instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less diversified pool of investments. This 
may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and, ultimately, the Securities. Conversely, the sub-
manager of the master fund may refuse a redemption request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, would 
have a material adverse impact on the remaining investors of the master fund. This may negatively impact the 
liquidity of the master fund and, therefore, the performance of the underlying Fund(s) and the value of the 
Securities. Consequently, depending on the performance of the underlying Fund(s), Holders may lose part or all 
of their investment in the Securities. 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes 
Noteholders are exposed, from a date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement which may be 
earlier than the date of their decision to invest in the Notes or the Issue Date, to events related to the 
creditworthiness of the Reference Entities. Upon the occurrence of such events, the obligation of the Issuer to pay 
principal or a settlement amount may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other amounts which are equal to 
either certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or amounts calculated 
by reference to the value of the underlying asset(s) (which may, in each case, be less than the invested amount) 
and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the underlying asset(s). In addition, interest-bearing Credit Linked Notes (as 
defined below) may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of occurrence of such circumstances. 
In certain circumstances, the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established and 
valuation may be as long as 180 days. Therefore, settlement or, as the case may be, notice that no amount is due 
under the Credit Linked Notes may occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be 
much later than the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. 
Risk in respect of Tranche Notes 
Tranche Notes are Notes which are exposed to the credit risk of a list of Reference Entities, starting from an 
attachment point and ending on a detachment point (both expressed in percentages by reference to such list of 
Reference Entities). The principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will start to be impacted when the sum 
of losses incurred on the list of Reference Entities will have reached the attachment point, and 100% of the 
principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will be fully lost when the sum of losses will have reached the 
detachment point. The sum of such losses is expressed in percentages by reference to the list of Reference Entities. 
Compared to an investment in a basket of the same list of Reference Entities, investment in Tranche Notes creates 
a leverage effect on the credit risk exposure of the Reference Entities. When the trigger threshold for a credit event 
is reached, the principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will be impacted more strongly the closer the 
detachment point is and the faster the detachment point is reached. The leverage effect comes from the impact of

--- Page 44 ---
31 
each affected Reference Entity in Tranche Notes once the attachment point has been reached. The leverage effect 
depends on the width of the tranche (detachment point minus attachment point) and is much higher compared to 
the impact the same Reference Entity has in a basket of Reference Entities which are not Tranche Notes. 
Risk in respect of Basket Notes 
In respect of Basket Notes, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the lower the 
amount due under the Notes will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the greater the impact of a 
Credit Event affecting one of them will be on the Final Redemption Amount. 
Risk in respect of bespoke Basket Notes 
In respect of bespoke Basket Notes, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the 
lower the Final Redemption Amount will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the greater the impact 
of a Credit Event affecting one of them will be on the Final Redemption Amount. 
The concentration of the Reference Entities in any one industry or geographic region would subject the Securities 
to a greater degree of risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or geographic region. 
Increased risk in respect of First-to-Default Notes 
First-to-Default Notes are Notes where the credit risk to the Noteholder is materialised on the occurrence of the 
first credit event of any Reference Entity in a basket of Reference Entities. Given that the credit risk to the 
Noteholder can materialise on the occurrence of the first credit event of any Reference Entity in the basket, the 
Noteholder can lose a significant part or all of its investment in the Notes as soon as one single Reference Entity 
in the basket becomes subject to a Credit Event. In addition, the more Reference Entities there are in the basket 
of Reference Entities, the more likely it is that a credit event can occur, and the greater the degree of risk that the 
Noteholder may lose its entire principal invested in the Notes.  
Valuation and settlement in case of Credit Event 
If the Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained 
will be "bid-side" - that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer. 
Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of 
illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity 
(for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be 
significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to (for 
example) the present value of related cashflows. Quotations will be deemed to be zero in the event that no such 
quotations are available. 
Under the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent may, for the purposes of determining the Cash Redemption 
Amount under the Quotation Dealers Method or the Physical Delivery Amount following one or more Credit 
Event(s), select obligations with the lowest price of any obligations which meet the relevant criteria. This may 
affect the value of the Notes and Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their initial investment in the Notes. 
Floating recovery 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Offering Circular Supplement, the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes provide that the Calculation Agent will, depending on the election mentioned in the related Offering 
Circular Supplement, determine the Final Value either by obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect 
of Selected Obligation(s) or by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (each as defined in the Credit 
Technical Annex). In this regard, investors should note that: (A) the Final Value as determined by reference to 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms may be lower than the Final Value determined otherwise and will typically 
reduce the amount due under the Notes; and (B) (i) if Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are not published or 
(ii) a Fallback Settlement Event (as defined in the Credit Technical Annex) occurs within a certain period and if 
it is not possible to obtain quotations from Quotation Dealers for the Selected Obligations within a further period, 
the Final Value of the Selected Obligations will be deemed to be zero and therefore the amount due under the 
Notes will be equal to zero.

--- Page 45 ---
32 
Fixed Recovery  
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (which can be zero), the terms 
of Credit Linked Notes provide that the Final Value of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the fixed percentage of the Specified Denomination specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (which can be zero). This percentage may be lower than the recovery 
value, which would have been determined by reference to prices quoted by market participants or by using an 
auction valuation method in respect of such Reference Entity, or even be equal to zero.  
Deferral of valuation and/or payments 
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established and 
valuation may be as long as 180 days therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due 
under the Credit Linked Notes, may occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be 
much later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. If this occurs, this could adversely affect the value of 
the Notes and Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their initial investment in the Notes. Also it is possible 
that no payment on the Notes may be due to the Noteholders on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Swap Counterparty, as buyer of protection, in relation to a Credit Linked Note, has discretion to choose 
the portfolio of obligations to be valued or delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it 
is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest market 
value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the Securities and the Swap. This could result in a lower 
recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in the Securities. 
Credit observation period 
Noteholders may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment in respect of one or more Credit Events that occur 
on or after the date falling 60 days prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. Neither the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility to avoid or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event 
that has taken place prior to the Trade Date (being a date specified in the Offering Circular Supplement and being, 
generally, the date on which the initial investor(s) in any Series of Securities commit to purchase such Securities, 
and accordingly, on which the Swap Counterparty will undertake related hedging activity) or the Issue Date (being 
the settlement date of the Securities on which the Securities are issued and the investor pays the purchase price). 
Actions of Reference Entities 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes. The views of market participants and/or legal counsel may differ as 
to how the terms of market standard credit default swaps, and corresponding terms of the Notes, should be 
interpreted in the context of such actions, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of 
market participants and/or adversely to the interests of Noteholders. Noteholders should be aware that the 
Reference Entities to which the value of the Securities is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may change 
over the term of the Securities. 
No need for loss 
Credit losses will be calculated for the purposes of the Securities irrespective of whether the Swap Counterparty 
or its affiliates or the Issuer has suffered an actual loss in relation to the Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. 
Neither the Swap Counterparty nor the Issuer is obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently 
make in relation to such Reference Entity or its obligations. 
Limited provision of information about the Reference Entities 
This Offering Circular and any Offering Circular Supplement will provide limited information with respect to the 
Reference Entities. Investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the 
creditworthiness of Reference Entities and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event and seek appropriate 
advice where necessary.

--- Page 46 ---
33 
None of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates will have 
any obligation to keep investors informed as to any matters with respect to the Reference Entities or any of their 
obligations, including whether or not circumstances exist that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a 
Credit Event or a Succession Event with respect to the Reference Entities. 
Risks associated with auction settlement following a credit event 
To the extent that auction settlement relates to the Notes, amounts payable under the Notes may be determined on 
the basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction held in respect of the Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation, provided that the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable 
auction will be held. Noteholders are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with 
an auction, this may result in a different recovery value than the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation would 
have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods and a lower recovery value 
would tend to reduce the amount payable to Noteholders upon redemption or exercise of the Securities.  
Noteholders will be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Notices of questions referred to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will be published on the website of ISDA and none of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Calculation Agent under the Swap or the Determination Agent or any other relevant parties in respect of the 
Securities or any of their respective affiliates shall be obliged to inform Noteholders of such information, other 
than as expressly provided in the terms of the Notes.  
Delay in payment arising as a result of the Liquidation Period  
Where an Early Redemption Amount is due in respect of early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(c) 
(Mandatory Redemption) (to the extent applicable to the Notes), Condition 7(d) (Withholding and Redemption of 
Notes for Taxation and other Reasons), Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 7(l) 
(Additional provisions relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event) of the General Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer will only be required to pay such Early Redemption Amount on the 5th Business Day following the end of 
the Liquidation Period. Such Liquidation Period may last for a period of up to 10 calendar days and no interest 
will be due to the Noteholders in respect of the period to such 5th Business Day following the end of the Liquidation 
Period. As a result, Noteholders will suffer a delay in receiving amounts due to them on early redemption of the 
Notes. 
Length of the Liquidation Period may adversely affect Noteholders 
If the Trustee declares the Notes due and payable following the occurrence of an Event of Default or if the Issuer 
notifies, inter alia, the Noteholders that the Notes will be redeemed early pursuant to Condition 7(d) (Withholding 
and Redemption of Notes for Taxation and other Reasons), Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or 
Condition 7(l) (Additional provisions relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event) of the General Terms and 
Conditions, the Liquidation Period will commence and will last for a maximum of 10 calendar days. During such 
period a number of actions need to be taken, including determining the breakage cost under the relevant swap 
agreement. 
It may not be possible to achieve all these actions within the Liquidation Period, in which case a default 
Liquidation Value will be given to any securities which are required to be sold or valued of zero, regardless of 
their actual market value. This is likely to increase the amount payable by Societe Generale under the relevant 
netting agreement entered into in connection with the Notes (the "Netting Agreement") which, in turn, will 
increase Noteholders’ exposure to Societe Generale pursuant to the Netting Agreement. Consequently, where 
Societe Generale does not, or is unable to, pay any such amounts due to the Noteholders, the limited length of 
time provided for the Liquidation Period will have an adverse effect on amounts which Noteholders are able to 
recover in respect of the Notes. 
Risks relating to Commodity Linked Securities 
On redemption or exercise (as applicable) of Commodity Linked Securities, the Issuer's obligations to Holders 
may be satisfied by the Issuer at their par value and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the

--- Page 47 ---
34 
value of the underlying assets. Accordingly, an investment in Commodity Linked Securities may bear similar 
market risks to a direct exposure to the relevant commodities and investors should take advice accordingly. The 
value of the underlying assets may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety of factors 
which may include global supply and demand of commodities to which the underlying assets refer, production 
and selling activities of the respective commodities by producers, central banks and international organisations, 
demand for end-products based on the respective commodity, net investment demand and industrial demand. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to inflation 
The level of an Inflation Index may lag or otherwise not track the actual level of inflation in the relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Inflation Indices may not correlate with other indices and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation 
observed by purchasers of the Inflation Linked Securities in such jurisdiction. The value of the Inflation Linked 
Securities which are linked to an Inflation Index may be based on a calculation made by reference to such Inflation 
Index for a month which is several months prior to the date of payment on the Inflation Linked Securities and 
therefore could be substantially different from the level of inflation at the time of the payment on the Inflation 
Linked Securities. 
Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to an Inflation Index, e.g., the Inflation Index level has not been 
published or is discontinued or is corrected or such Inflation Index is rebased or materially modified, then 
depending on the particular event, the Issuer may determine the level, substitute the original Inflation Index, adjust 
the terms and conditions of the Inflation Linked Securities or redeem the Inflation Linked Securities. Any such 
event and its consequences may have an adverse effect on the value of the Inflation Linked Securities. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to a Foreign Exchange Rate 
The performance of Foreign Exchange Rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon the supply 
and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, 
including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, 
economic forecasts, international political factors, fiscal and monetary policy, government debt, currency 
convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and intervening 
measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of 
regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange 
rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls 
with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the 
availability of a specified currency. Any such measures could have a negative impact on the performance of a 
Foreign Exchange Rate and consequently the value of the Securities. 
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of financial turmoil, 
capital can move quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to the effects of the crisis with 
sudden and severely adverse consequences to the currencies of those regions as a result. In addition, governments 
around the world have recently made, and may be expected to continue to make, very significant interventions in 
their economies, and sometimes directly in their currencies. It is not possible to predict the effect of any future 
legal or regulatory action relating to a currency. Further interventions, other government actions or suspensions 
of actions, as well as other changes in government economic policy or other financial or economic events affecting 
the currency markets - including the replacement of entire currencies with new currencies - may cause Foreign 
Exchange Rates to fluctuate sharply in the future, which could have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. 
Risks relating to Reference Rate Linked Securities 
The performance of the Reference Rates is dependent on economic factors, including inflation rates in the relevant 
countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, monetary and fiscal policy, government debt, 
speculation and actions taken by governments and central banks. Such factors could have a negative impact on 
the performance of the Reference Rate and consequently on the value of the Securities. These factors can be 
expected to intensify in periods of financial turmoil. 
Risks relating to Structured Securities linked to a Dividend

--- Page 48 ---
35 
Prospective investors in Dividend Linked Securities should be aware that, depending on the specific terms and 
conditions of the relevant Dividend Linked Securities, (i) (in respect of Notes) they might only receive a limited 
amount of interest or no interest at all, (ii) payment of principal or (in respect of Notes) interest could occur at a 
time other than that stipulated, (iii) they could lose all or a substantial part of their investment. In addition, dividend 
levels can be subject to significant fluctuations which bear no relation to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices, and the timing of such variations can impact the real yield realised by investors, even in cases 
where the average level is in accordance with expectations. 
In general, the earlier the change in the dividend amount or the amount resulting from a formula occurs, the greater 
the impact on yield. The market price of such Securities can be volatile and might depend on the length of the 
residual maturity and the volatility of the dividend amounts. 
Specific Risks relating to Warrants 
Loss of Time Value  
The amounts due on exercise of the Warrants is typically expected to be negatively impacted by the "time value" 
of the Warrants. The "time value" of the Warrants will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to 
expiration and expectations concerning the value of the underlying of the Warrants. Warrants offer hedging and 
investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to erosion in value. 
Limitations on exercise of Warrants 
If so indicated in the Offering Circular Supplement, the Issuer will have the option to limit the number of Warrants 
exercisable on any date (other than the final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the Offering 
Circular Supplement and, in conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of Warrants exercisable by any 
person or group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) on such date. If the total number of Warrants being 
exercised on any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to 
limit the number of Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date 
all the Warrants that such Warrantholder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of Warrants to be 
exercised on such date will be reduced until the total number of Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds 
the maximum number elected by the Issuer, such Warrants being selected at the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent or in any other manner specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. Unless otherwise specified 
in the Offering Circular Supplement, the Warrants tendered for exercise but not exercised on such date will be 
automatically exercised on the next date on which Warrants may be exercised, subject to the same daily maximum 
limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
Minimum Exercise Number of Warrants 
If so indicated in the Offering Circular Supplement, a Warrantholder must tender or, in the case of automatic 
exercise, hold, a specified number of Warrants at any one time in order to exercise its rights in respect of such 
Warrants. As such, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum number of Warrants will either have 
to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise 
their investment. Furthermore, Warrantholders incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading 
price of such Warrants and the Settlement Amount relating to such Warrants. 
Time lag after exercise of Warrants 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time a Holder of Warrants gives 
instructions to exercise and the time the applicable Settlement Amount is determined. Any such delay between 
the time of exercise and the determination of the Settlement Amount will be specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement or the Conditions of the Warrants. However, such delay could be significantly longer, 
particularly in the case of a delay in the exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation, 
the occurrence of a disruption event in relation to settlement, the failure to open of an exchange (if applicable) or 
other event. The applicable Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such 
movement or movements could decrease the Settlement Amount of the relevant Warrants, and may result in such 
Settlement Amount being zero.

--- Page 49 ---
36 
Subordination 
Payments in respect of the Warrants are subordinated to the payment of certain expenses of the Issuer and amounts 
payable to any Other Creditor as specified in the application of proceeds as set out in the relevant Trust Deed. 
Additional Risks associated with Securities 
Trustee and enforcement 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the parties 
secured thereunder (including Holders). The Trustee is not obliged to take any such action without first being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. When determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-
funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by 
considering the worst-case scenario and, for this purpose, it may take into account, without limitation, the potential 
costs of defending or commencing proceedings in England or elsewhere and the risk, however remote, of any 
award of damages against it in England or elsewhere and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security or 
prefunding given to it by the Holders or any of them or any other person be given on a joint and several basis and 
be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty 
and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty 
and/or the validity and effectiveness of the indemnity, security and/or prefunding. The Trustee is not responsible 
for ensuring that the Issuer's obligations (or the security interest created by the Issuer) are valid and enforceable. 
Notwithstanding the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(b) or 11(c) (Events of Default) 
of the General Terms and Conditions, the Transaction Security shall not become enforceable unless and until 
either the Event of Default set out in Condition 11(a) (Events of Default) of the General Terms and Conditions 
has occurred or one of the other limited circumstances set out in Trust Deed applies. Accordingly, Holders should 
be aware that neither the Trustee nor any other party will be entitled to enforce the Transaction Security in respect 
of any Series of Securities by reason only of one of the events described in Condition 11(b) or 11(c) (Events of 
Default) occurring. In such circumstances, there may be a material delay in the enforcement of the Transaction 
Security following an Event of Default which may adversely impact on the recovery available to be distributed to 
Holders.  
Excess Assets Direction 
In circumstances where the Transaction Security in respect of any Series of Securities becomes enforceable and 
the Trustee (or any receiver, agent or other person appointed by the Trustee) determines that the value of the 
Mortgaged Property relating thereto exceeds or is likely to exceed the total liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
such Series, the Trustee will be required to notify certain parties in accordance with Condition 4(f) (Excess Assets 
Direction) of the General Terms and Conditions. Following such notification, the Trustee may receive an Excess 
Assets Direction from an Other Creditor that has provided security to the Issuer in support of its obligations under 
a Swap, Contract, Collateral Securities Agreement, Deposit Agreement or Other Agreement. An Excess Assets 
Direction will describe the way in which the Trustee (or any receiver, agent or other person appointed by the 
Trustee) is required (subject to the Trustee's limited discretion to act otherwise than in accordance with such 
Excess Assets Direction, as set out in Condition 4(f) (Excess Assets Direction)) to realise the Mortgaged Property, 
which may affect (i) the amount received in respect of such realisation and (ii) the time frame in which the 
Mortgaged Property is realised. Accordingly, in such circumstances the Trustee will act in accordance with the 
directions of the Other Creditor in relation to the manner in which the Mortgaged Property is realised and in doing 
so shall have no consideration of the interests of Holders of Securities. Accordingly, an Excess Assets Direction 
may be adverse to the interests of the Holders of Securities. 
Risks relating to subordination of Notes 
One or more Tranches of Notes may be subordinated to any other Tranche of Notes. Unless specified otherwise 
in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, payments of principal on any Tranche of Notes may not be made 
until all payments of principal due and payable on any Tranche of Notes ranking in priority thereto pursuant to 
the application of proceeds as set out in the relevant Trust Deed (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions), 
have been made in full. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, payments of 
interest on any Tranche of Notes may not be made until all payments of interest due and payable on any Tranche 
of Notes ranking in priority thereto pursuant to the application of proceeds as set out in the relevant Trust Deed, 
have been made in full. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes are also subordinated to payment of certain

--- Page 50 ---
37 
expenses of the Issuer and amounts payable to any Other Creditor as specified in the application of proceeds as 
set out in the relevant Trust Deed. The risk of delays in payments or ultimate non-payment of principal and/or 
interest will be borne disproportionately by the Holders of the more Subordinated Tranche of Notes as compared 
to the more senior Tranche of Notes determined by reference to their ranking pursuant to the application of 
proceeds as set out in the relevant Trust Deed. In addition, to the extent described herein and unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, payments of interest on one or more Tranches of Notes 
may be deferred to the extent there are not sufficient proceeds available to pay such interest in accordance with 
the application of proceeds as set out in the relevant Trust Deed and such deferral of interest will not constitute an 
Event of Default under the Notes at any time whilst, in the case of one or more Subordinated Tranche of Notes, 
any Senior Tranche of Notes remain outstanding. Any such deferral of interest will increase the effect of the 
subordination of the Tranche or Tranches of Notes in respect of which payment was deferred. Non-payment of 
interest on one or more Subordinated Tranche of Notes as a result of the non-availability of proceeds will not 
constitute an Event of Default in any circumstances. 
The Issuer's ability to make payments in respect of any Tranche of Notes will be constrained by the terms of the 
Tranche of Notes more senior to such Tranche and by the level of distributions received in respect of the Collateral 
securing the Notes. 
In the event of any redemption or repayment in whole of one or more Tranche of Notes pursuant to Condition 7 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the General Terms and Conditions or acceleration thereof, one or more 
Tranche of Notes may also be redeemed and the Mortgaged Property will be liquidated. Liquidation of the 
Mortgaged Property at such time and/or the remedies pursued by the Trustee upon enforcement of the security 
over the Mortgaged Property in such circumstances could be adverse to the interests of the Holders of one or more 
Tranches of Notes. See Condition 13(d) (Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest) of the General Terms 
and Conditions. 
Subordination through Conflicts between Tranches 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Notes may be accelerated in accordance with Condition 11 
(Events of Default) by the Trustee at the request of the Holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the most 
Senior Tranche of Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution. Liquidation of the 
Mortgaged Property after such time and/or the remedies pursued by the Trustee upon enforcement of the 
Transaction Security in such circumstances could be adverse to the interest of Holders of the Subordinated 
Tranche of Notes which ranks junior in terms of priority to the Holders of the most Senior Tranche directing such 
enforcement, and the Holders of the most Senior Tranche entitled to vote at any time will have no obligation to 
consider the effect of any such vote on the Holders of any other Tranche of Notes. 
The relevant Trust Deed may provide that in the event of any conflict of interest between the various Tranches of 
Noteholders, the Trustee will (subject to being indemnified to its satisfaction (including, where so required by the 
Trustee, by way of pre-funding) against all liabilities, proceeding, claims and demands to which it may thereby 
become liable and all costs, charges and expenses which may be properly incurred by it in connection therewith) 
act upon the directions of the Noteholders of the most Senior Tranche in such circumstances, and shall not be 
obliged to consider the interests of the Holders of any other Tranche of Noteholders. In acting upon the direction 
of the Noteholders of the most Senior Tranche, the Trustee shall not be held liable for the consequence of the 
taking of or the failure to take (for whatever reason) any action and may take such action or refrain from taking 
such action without having regard to the effect of such action or inaction on any Other Creditor in relation to the 
Notes. The Trustee shall, save as otherwise expressly provided, not have regard to the interests of any Other 
Creditor other than the relevant Tranche of Noteholders except to apply the proceeds of enforcement of the 
Transaction Security in the order set out in the relevant Trust Deed.

--- Page 51 ---
38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The annual financial statements for each of the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 for the Issuer 
(copies 
of 
which 
can 
be 
accessed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/Iris%20SPV%20Plc%20-%20Signed%20
Financial%20Statements%202022.pdf?id=e78ef142-fc65-4019-9899-67b5ed3eb09e for the year ended 30 June 
2022 and https://direct.euronext.com/api/PublicAnnouncements/RISDocument/ANN135616.pdf?id=d89b57c6-
4a59-4077-b2f9-43b281ff62f2 for the year ended 30 June 2023), which have previously been published or are 
being published simultaneously with this Offering Circular and have been filed with Euronext Dublin, shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Offering Circular. 
These annual financial statements represent the most up-to-date financial statements. All amendments and 
supplements to this Offering Circular prepared by the Issuer from time to time shall be deemed to be read in 
conjunction with this Offering Circular, provided, however, that, any statement contained in this Offering Circular 
or in any of the documents incorporated by reference herein and forming part of this Offering Circular shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Offering Circular to the extent that a statement 
contained in any subsequent document read in conjunction with the Offering Circular (in the appropriate manner) 
modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
As well as being available on the website of Euronext Dublin, copies of documents incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular can be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Offering Circular, which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular (an "Offering Circular Supplement"). This Offering Circular shall be read 
in conjunction with any Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 52 ---
39 
REGULATORY INFORMATION  
Bank recovery and resolution regimes 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD") 
entered into force on 2 July 2014. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms. The regime provided 
for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the resolution authority designated by 
each EU Member State (the Resolution Authority) with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and 
economic functions while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system 
(including taxpayers' exposure to losses). 
The BRRD provides supervisory authorities with certain powers to manage financial institutions in an orderly 
manner. Such powers include: 
● 
the introduction of a bail-in power, which gives the resolution authorities the power to write down certain 
liabilities and to convert certain liabilities into ordinary shares or other instruments of the surviving entity 
(if any); 
● 
powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be invoked as a result of the exercise of 
the resolution powers; and 
● 
powers to effect a close-out of financial contracts and derivative transactions and determine the value of 
such transactions. 
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime in respect of any Counterparty, 
any Swap Counterparty any Collateral Securities Agreement, Swap and/or in respect of any other liabilities arising 
under any other agreement entered in to by the Issuer with any Counterparty or Swap Counterparty in respect of 
a Security (a "Liability") may adversely affect the Holders. If a Counterparty or a Swap Counterparty is within 
the scope of any implementing legislation by reason of the relevant Collateral Securities Agreement, Swap or 
Liability being a liability of the type which may fall within the implementing legislation, then: 
(a) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of that Collateral Securities Agreement, Swap 
and/or Liability to write down or convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person;  
(b) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any termination rights under a 
Collateral Securities Agreement, Swap and/or any other agreement in relation to a Liability; or  
(c) 
any applicable power to close-out or terminate might be exercised to enforce termination of a Collateral 
Securities Agreement, Swap and/or any other agreement in relation to a Liability and to value the 
transactions in respect of such agreements.  
For example, if any Swap is in-the-money for the Issuer at a time when a resolution regime applies to the Swap 
Counterparty, then any claims the Issuer has against the Swap Counterparty for the close-out amount thereof may 
be adversely affected by being postponed, converted into other assets or even written down to zero. 
Accordingly, following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets 
or sums to meet its obligations under the Securities or any transaction document for that Series, the Securities may 
be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to Holders may be delayed. 
In addition to a resolution regime affecting any Counterparty or Swap Counterparty, Holders should be aware that 
the BRRD may also apply to the obligor of any Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities and that in such case 
similar considerations to those set out above may apply. Furthermore, other resolution and recovery regimes, 
including those in specific EU member states, the United States and elsewhere, may also apply. 
As a consequence of any of the resolutions or actions referred to above, the Holders may lose all or some or their 
investment in the Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
40 
The regime has evolved as a result of the changes adopted by the EU legislators. On 7 June 2019, as part of the 
contemplated amendments to the so-called "EU Banking Package", Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD II") was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR")) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation 
methods or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Securities linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and mostly applies, subject to certain transitional provisions since 1 January 2018. The EU 
Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as Societe Generale) of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). The applicable Offering Circular Supplement will specify whether the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Each benchmark specified in this Offering Circular is listed in the table below, with the name of the relevant 
Administrator providing such benchmark. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the relevant Administrator appears/ does not appear, as the case may be, 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation, as specified in the table below. 
If "Does not appear and exempted" is specified in the table below, it means that the relevant Administrator does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation. 
If "Does not appear and non-exempted" is specified in the table below, it means that, as far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the relevant 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI) 
Appears 
EUR-EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate 
11:00 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
EUR-CMS 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SOFR-CMS 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SHIBOR 
People's Bank of China 
Does not appear and exempted 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS 
Appears 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) 
Appears

--- Page 54 ---
41 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
STIBOR 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SONIA 
Bank of England 
Does not appear and exempted 
SOFR 
CME Group Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
€STR 
ECB 
Does not appear and exempted 
SARON 
SIX Swiss Exchange 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
TONA 
Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) 
Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SORA 
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte 
Ltd 
Appears 
HONIA 
Treasury Markets Association (TMA) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
AONIA 
ASX Benchmarks Limited 
Appears 
CORRA 
Bank of Canada 
Does not appear and exempted 
OBFR 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
Does not appear and exempted 
FOMC Target Rate 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
Does not appear and exempted 
FTSE MIB index 
FTSE International Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SGMDGPPB Index - SGI 
Global 85% Progressive 
Protection Bond Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
IND1GMAS Index - Global 
Multi Asset Strategy EUR Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDPP90 Index - SGI 
Progressive Protection 90 Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGITEGD Index - SGI 
European Green Deal Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXTLU Index - SGI World 
Travel and Leisure Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGITGAMA Index – SGI 
Greener America Ahead Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
ERIX Index – European 
Renewable Energy Total Return 
Index in EUR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of 
The Robots Index (USD - Net 
Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDDP95 Index – SGI 
Dynamic Protection 95% Index 
(EUR – Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDPP85 Index – SGI ESG 
85% Progressive Protection 
Bond Index (EUR – Total 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears

--- Page 55 ---
42 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
SGITEGDA Index – SGI 
European Green Deal AR 5% 
Index (EUR – Adjusted Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDMC95 Index – SGI 
Moorea Sustainable Crescendo 
95% Index (EUR – Total 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDMJ22 Index – SGI Multi 
Asset Janvier 2022 90% Index 
(EUR – Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDROBT Index – SG Rise 
Of The Robots VT 9 Index 
(Excess Return - USD) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDGP85 Index – SGI 
Global Progressive Protection 
85 (SEK – Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDWO9 - SGI Water VT 9 
Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDVE11 - SGI European 
Value VT 11 Index (Excess 
Return - EUR) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDGD9 - SGI European 
Green Deal VT 9 Index (Excess 
Return - EUR) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXINFL Index – SGI 
Inflation Proxy Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXFMLY Index – SGI 
Offices run by families Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXOPER Index - SGI 
Optimised Portfolio Enhanced 
Risk Allocation Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGDEINFL Index – SGI 
Inflation Proxy Index CNTR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
WOWAX Index – World Water 
Total Return Index in EUR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
WOWAXPC Index – World 
Water Price Index in EUR 
Market Cap Adjusted 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDTB85 Index - SGI 
Technology 85% Progressive 
Protection Bond Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
IND1BQSI Index - Banor 
Quality Equity Selection Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMACRO Index - SG Macro 
Compass Index (USD - Excess 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears

--- Page 56 ---
43 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
SGMDQI8 - SGI Quality 
Income VT ER 8 Index (Excess 
Return - EUR) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDSL8 - SGI Second Life 
VT ER 8 Index (Excess Return - 
EUR) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGPBSHAR Index - SGPB 
Selection Horizon Decrement 
5% Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
AL  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
AL3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
CU  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
CU3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
GI 
European Energy Exchange (EEX) 
Appears  
GOA 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
MCU  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
NI  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
NI3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PB  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PB3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
GO 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PDA 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PD 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PTA 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PT 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SI 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
ZN  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
ZN3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-
exempted

--- Page 57 ---
44 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the EU Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation have been further amended by the Amending Regulation. 
The Amending Regulation introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional 
provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks were extended until the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as the case may be, or any of the 
international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Securities linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
A proposal of the European Commission (the "Commission's Proposal") was published on 14 February 2013 for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Estonia Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Securities 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Securities 
should however, be exempt. Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. Additional EU 
Member States may also decide to participate and/or participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented on the 
basis of a note prepared by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the participating Member 
States (excluding Estonia) to continue negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal based on the 
French financial transactions tax model which in principle would only concern shares of listed companies whose 
head office is in a member state of the European Union. However, such proposal is still subject to change until a 
final approval. 
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of the 
BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the "ATAD") 12 
July 2016. 
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the "ATAD 2") on 29 May 2017, amending ATAD 
(together, the "Directives"), to provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving 
EU member states and third countries. 
The Directives contain various measures that have been implemented into Irish law and could potentially result 
in certain payments made by the Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible. This could increase the Issuer’s liability to 
tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on the Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
45 
There are two measures which are of particular relevance to the Issuer: 
First, ATAD provides for an “interest limitation rule” following to the recommendation contained in BEPS Action 
4 which restricts the deductible interest of an entity. Ireland has implemented the interest limitation rule to apply 
to companies with respect to their accounting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2022.  The interest 
limitation rule provides that where an entity has exceeding borrowing costs of more than EUR 3,000,000 it may 
only deduct its exceeding borrowing costs up to an amount equal to 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, 
tax, depreciation and amortisation in the year in which they are incurred but the balance would remain available 
for carry forward, subject to certain conditions. For these purposes, “exceeding borrowing costs” mean the amount 
by which an entity’s borrowing costs exceed "interest revenues and other equivalent taxable revenues". 
Accordingly, the Issuer will not be restricted from deducting its interest payments in respect of the Notes to the 
extent that it funds interest payments it makes under the Notes from interest payments to which it is entitled under 
the Transactions (as the Issuer should pay limited or no net interest) and the restriction may be of limited relevance 
to the Issuer in those circumstances.  It is not clear to what extent income received in respect of Structured Notes 
in the form of equity securities or warrants would be treated as taxable interest equivalent.  If the Issuer does have 
exceeding borrowing costs in excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year, the interest limitation rule may nonetheless 
permit the Issuer to deduct exceeding borrowing costs in an amount in excess of 30 per cent. (and potentially up 
to 100 per cent.) of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, if certain conditions are satisfied.  
In particular, the Issuer should be able to deduct the full amount of its exceeding borrowing costs if it qualifies as 
a "single company worldwide group" (as defined in Section 835AY TCA) and does not owe any amount which 
gives rise to deductible interest equivalent to an “associated enterprise”. One of the conditions required to qualify 
as a “single company worldwide group” is that the entity is not a member of a “worldwide group” (as defined in 
Section 835AY TCA) (eg, it is not included in consolidated financial statements prepared under generally accepted 
accounting practice or an alternative body of accounting standards).  As a result, the Issuer will not qualify as a 
“single company worldwide group” if it is financially consolidated by a Noteholder or any other person.  If the 
Issuer is not a “single company worldwide group”, the Issuer should be able to deduct the full amount of its 
exceeding borrowing costs if it is a member of a “worldwide group” and its ratio of equity to assets is greater than, 
equal to or within two percentage points of the same ratio of its “worldwide group”.  If the Issuer has exceeding 
borrowing costs in excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year and its ability to deduct interest in that tax year is 
restricted by Ireland’s interest limitation rule, the Issuer may have material tax liabilities in Ireland as a 
consequence of interest not being deductible in computing its profits for Irish corporation tax purposes. 
Secondly, ATAD (as amended by the ATAD 2) provides for hybrid mismatch rules.  These rules have applied in 
Ireland since 1 January 2020 and are designed to neutralise arrangements where amounts are deductible from the 
income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the same amounts are deductible for two entities.  These 
rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions, 
from its taxable income for, is not brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, either 
because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the 
Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the Issuer and an associated 
enterprise or under a ‘structured arrangement’ (i.e., an arrangement pricing the relevant mismatch or an 
arrangement designed to produce the mismatch, subject to certain conditions). ‘Associated’ for these purposes 
includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25.0 per cent. or more 
or an entitlement to receive 25.0 per cent. or more (50.0 per cent. in certain circumstances) of the profits of that 
entity, as well as entities that are part of the same consolidated group for financial accounting purposes or 
enterprises that have a significant influence in the management of the taxpayer.  A structured arrangement is an 
arrangement involving a transaction, or series of transactions, under which a mismatch outcome arises where; (a) 
the mismatch outcome is priced into the terms of the arrangement; or (b) the arrangement was designed to give 
rise to a mismatch outcome.  If the Issuer’s ability to deduct interest in a tax year is restricted by Ireland’s anti-
hybrid rules, the Issuer may have material tax liabilities in Ireland as a consequence of interest not being deductible 
in computing its profits for Irish corporation tax purposes. 
CEU Proposal for Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive III ("ATAD 3") 
On 17 January 2023, the European Parliament approved the ATAD 3 that is setting out union rules to neutralise 
the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes and which was released by the European Commission on 22 December 
2021. In order to be definitively adopted, the text will need to be approved by the Council of the European Union 
and subsequently implemented by Member States. Even if the European Council has initially targeted an 
application of this directive as from 1 January 2024, the exact timing for the vote and the directive’s 
implementation by Member States remains unclear at this stage.

--- Page 59 ---
46 
The new ATAD 3 proposals are aimed at legal entities which have limited substance and economic activity in 
their jurisdictions of residence. Where the rules apply, the proposal is that such entities should be denied the 
benefit of double taxation agreements entered into between EU Member States as well as certain EU tax directives, 
including the Parent Subsidiary Directive and Interest and Royalty Directive. 
As currently drafted, the proposal contains exemptions for certain entities including ‘securitisation special purpose 
entity’ and entities which have a transferable security admitted to trading or listed on a regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility. 
There is no certainty that the proposal will be introduced in its current form. The proposal requires the unanimous 
approval of the EU Council before it is adopted. Until the proposal receives approval and a final directive is 
published, it is not possible to provide definitive guidance on the impact of the proposal on the Issuer’s Irish tax 
position. 
OECD Model GloBE Rules and the European Commission's Proposed Directive on GloBE Rules 
In December 2022, the Council of the European Union adopted a directive to implement the minimum taxation 
component, known as Pillar 2, of the OECD’s reform of international taxation (the “GloBE Rules”) in the EU 
(the “Minimum Tax Directive”). The Minimum Tax Directive introduces a minimum effective tax rate of 15% 
for MNE groups and large-scale domestic groups which have annual consolidated revenues of at least €750 million 
and entities which have revenues of €750 million on a standalone basis. 
The Minimum Tax Directive is required to be implemented by all EU Member States. It contains an income 
inclusion rule (the “IIR”) and an undertaxed profit rule (the “UTPR”). The IIR works by imposing a top-up tax 
on a parent entity, or intermediate parent entity, in respect of the low-taxed income of group entities. The UTPR 
acts as a backstop to the IIR and applies in situations where the parent does not apply an IIR, or where a low level 
of taxation arises in the jurisdiction of the parent. 
The Minimum Tax Directive allows Member States to impose a domestic top-up tax (a “QDTT”) if the effective 
tax rate of an in-scope entity or group in that jurisdiction is under 15%. This is intended to allow the jurisdiction 
where the entity or group is based, to charge and collect additional tax, instead of allowing other jurisdictions to 
collect such additional tax by way of the IIR and/or the UTPR.  
The legislation implementing the Minimum Tax Directive in Ireland was included in Finance (No.2) Act 2023. 
Ireland has opted to apply a QDTT to constituent entities located in Ireland.  
The Issuer will be within the scope of the rules if it has an ultimate parent entity which prepares a set of financial 
statements in which the assets, liabilities, income, expenses and cash flows of the Issuer, and any other entities in 
which the ultimate parent entity has a controlling interest, are presented as those of a single economic unit. The 
revenues of that consolidated group must exceed the €750 million financial thresholds. The Issuer will also be in 
scope of the QDTT if its revenues on a standalone basis exceed the €750 million financial thresholds.  
If the Issuer is within scope of the rules, the Issuer should not be subject to the IIR unless it has ownership interests 
in an entity which is part of the same consolidated group as the Issuer. The Issuer should not be subject to the 
UTPR, as the UTPR allocates any top-up tax based on the value of tangible assets and the number of employees. 
The Issuer should have no employees and negligible amounts of tangible assets. If the Issuer is within scope of 
the rules, the Issuer could be subject to the QDTT. The application of the QDTT to entities such as the Issuer is 
currently the subject of consultation with the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The Revenue Commissioners of 
Ireland are expected to publish guidance on the legislation in 2024.  
Technical guidance on implementation of the GloBE Rules has continued to be issued from the OECD. This has 
taken the form of a commentary on the rules. Discussions also remain ongoing on various open issues related to 
implementation, including ensuring coordination and consistency in the application of the rules across 
jurisdictions, as well as providing further administrative guidance. It is possible that further changes to the GloBE 
Rules, Minimum Tax Directive and the related Irish legislation may be made in the future.  
Outbound Payments 
Ireland has implemented new taxation measures to apply to outbound payments. Outbound payments for these 
purposes include payments of interest, royalties and distributions. The proposed new measures are intended to

--- Page 60 ---
47 
apply only to transactions between entities that are associated. If implemented, the measures would apply to 
outbound payments to jurisdictions on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions, as well as to payments to "no-
tax", and "zero-tax" jurisdictions (referred to as "specified territories"). The relevant measures have been 
developed in the context of the OECD BEPS process and the recommendations of the European Commission for 
Ireland to step up actions to address features of the tax system that facilitate aggressive tax planning. 
An entity will be associated with an Irish company if it has a direct or indirect majority share (i.e. more than 50%) 
of the voting rights, capital ownership or profits of the Irish company. Entities will also be associated if one entity 
has control of another entity through the board of directors. Where an Irish company makes payments of interest, 
royalties or distributions to associated entities in specified territories, withholding tax will apply at the standard 
Irish rate applicable to that payment. Exemptions from withholding tax on, for example, quoted Eurobonds, would 
be disapplied provided that, in the case of quoted Eurobonds held through a clearing system, it is reasonable to 
consider that the Irish company is not, and should not be, aware that interest is paid to an associated entity. 
Payments which the recipient or ultimate owner takes into account for the purposes of calculating a controlled 
foreign company charge or the payments are within the charge to tax under the proposed OECD GloBE rules (i.e. 
where the payments are not in fact subject to zero tax) are excluded from the rules. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and 
implementing such Sections of the Code (“FATCA”) may impose a 30% withholding tax on certain payments 
made to certain financial institutions and other entities that do not comply with the requirements under FATCA 
or to investors that fail to provide their broker or custodian with any information, forms, other documentation, or 
consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code ("IGAs"), and IGAs modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application with respect to "foreign passthru payments" is uncertain at this 
time and may be subject to change, although withholding that would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to “foreign passthru payment” would not apply before the date that is two years after the date of 
publication in the U.S. Federal Register of final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term “foreign passthru 
payment.” Where withholding or deduction is required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA, no Issuer shall be required 
to make any additional payment in respect of the same and investors may therefore receive amounts less than 
expected. Investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding how FATCA and the relevant IGAs may apply 
to their investment in the Securities. 
U.S. Withholding Tax under the Section 871(m) Regulations 
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the Code (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") generally 
impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to a beneficial owner of Securities 
that is not a “United States person”, as defined in Section 7701 (a)(3) of the Code (a "Non-U.S. Holder"), with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to equities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or indices that include such equities (such equities and indices,  "U.S. Underlying Equities"). 
The Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury 
regulations (such an index, a "Qualified Index"). Additionally, IRS guidance excludes certain financial 
instruments from the scope of the Section 871(m) Regulations if such instruments are issued prior to January 1, 
2027 and do not have a delta (as defined in the Section 871(m) Regulations) of one with respect to underlying 
securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The Issuer believes that the Section 871(m) Regulations do not apply to the Securities. However, significant 
aspects of the application of the Section 871(m) Regulations to the Securities are uncertain. If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding under the Section 871(m) Regulations is required with respect to 
the Securities, neither the Issuer nor any applicable withholding agent will be required to gross up any such 
amounts withheld.

--- Page 61 ---
48 
As described herein, the Issuer's investment policy may include entering into a Swap Transaction, Option or other 
financial transaction (any such transaction, together with a Swap Transaction or Option, a "Hedging Transaction") 
with the Swap Counterparty or any other party specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. To the 
extent the Hedging Transaction references U.S. equities, the Section 871(m) Regulations may apply and may 
reduce the return on such Hedging Transaction. Neither the Issuer nor any applicable withholding agent will be 
required to gross up any amounts withheld in connection with a Hedging Transaction subject to the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, and no additional amounts shall be paid in respect of any such withholding, nor will the Securities 
be redeemed or cancelled early, as the case may be, as a result of such withholding. The return due on the relevant 
Securities will be structured to take account of such withholding and accordingly, such return may be lower than 
would have been the case had such withholding not applied. 
The rules of the Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations and application of these rules to the 
Securities may be uncertain. Consequently the IRS may determine they are to be applied even if the Issuer initially 
assumed the rules would not apply and there is a risk that the Section 871(m) Regulations may apply ex post. In 
such circumstances, neither the Issuer nor any applicable withholding agent will be required to gross up any 
amounts withheld in connection with the Securities subject to the Section 871(m) Regulations, and no additional 
amounts shall be paid in respect of any such withholding, nor will the Securities be redeemed or cancelled early, 
as the case may be, as a result of such withholding.  
SECTION 871(M) REGULATIONS ARE COMPLEX AND THEIR APPLICATION MAY DEPEND ON 
AN INVESTOR’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING WHETHER AN INVESTOR 
ENTERS INTO OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH RESPECT TO A U.S. UNDERLYING EQUITY. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISER REGARDING THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF SECTION 871(M) REGULATIONS TO THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation  
Passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act") in 2010 in the 
United States and of the European Regulation 648/2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation 
("EMIR") which entered into force on 16 August 2012 and took direct effect in the Member States of the European 
Union, have led to significant structural reforms affecting the financial services industry.  
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act also contains prohibitions, commonly called, together with the implementing 
regulations, the “Volcker Rule”, which regulate the ability of certain banking entities to, among other activities, 
engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity or similar 
funds defined as “covered funds” under the Volcker Rule. Even though some modifications to the Volcker Rule 
implementing regulations took effect in 2020, the Volcker Rule continues to operate as a constraint on these 
activities. The Volcker Rule includes as a “covered fund” any entity that would be an investment company but 
for the exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, subject to 
certain exclusions found within the Volcker Rule. No assurance can be made that the Issuer or any Specified 
Issuer will qualify for any exclusion from the definition of a covered fund that might be available under the 
Volcker Rule. If an Issuer or Specified Issuer were determined to be a covered fund, then any investor that is a 
“banking entity,” as defined in the Volcker Rule, would be restricted from acquiring and retaining an “ownership 
interest,” as defined in the Volcker Rule, in the Issuer or that Specified Issuer unless such acquisition and retention 
of an ownership interest complies with a Volcker Rule exemption.  None of the Issuer, Specified Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers, has taken a view or makes any representation as to which investors may invest in the 
Securities. Each investor must determine for itself whether it is a banking entity subject to the Volcker Rule and, 
if so, whether any investment in the Securities would constitute the acquisition of an ownership interest permitted 
under the Volcker Rule and should consult their own legal advisors in determining whether the Volcker Rule 
would prohibit or restrict them from acquiring and holding an interest in the Securities. 
Both Title VII ("Title VII") of the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR also establish comprehensive regulatory regimes 
for a broad range of derivatives contracts including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps (collectively 
referred to in this section as "Covered Swaps"). 
In particular, under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and under EMIR, swaps entered into by the Issuer may be 
required to be cleared through a central counterparty, executed on a trading venue, and subject to additional margin 
and capital, reporting and recordkeeping requirements that could result in additional regulatory burdens, costs and

--- Page 62 ---
49 
expenses (including extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the Issuer). In addition, no person has registered 
and no person will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the United States Commodities 
Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA") and the rules thereunder (the "CFTC Rules") of the Commodities Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC"). 
Investors should also be aware of the risks that the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act may result in (i) Notes 
being redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount in the circumstances set out in Condition 7(c)(v) 
(Mandatory Redemption) or (ii) Warrants being cancelled early at the Cancellation Amount in the circumstances 
set out in Condition 25(b)(v) (Mandatory Cancellation). 
Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not been and will not be registered with the SEC as an investment company pursuant to the 
Investment Company Act. Investors in the Securities will, therefore, not have the protections of the Investment 
Company Act. 
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer was required, but in violation of the 
Investment Company Act had failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but 
are not limited to, the following: (a) the SEC could apply to a district court to seek civil penalties for such violation; 
(b) investors in the Issuer could sue the Issuer and recover any damages caused by the violation; and (c) any 
contract to which the Issuer is party that is made in, or whose performance involves a, violation of the Investment 
Company Act or any rule or regulation thereunder would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a 
court were to find that under the circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-
enforcement and would not be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act. In addition, if the 
Issuer was found to be have been required, but in violation of the Investment Company Act had failed, to register 
as an investment company, it can be subject to restrictions on, among other things, its ability to offer for sale or 
sell or to purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or attempt to acquire any security, such as the Securities, 
or any interest in such security. 
U.S. Credit Risk Retention 
The Securities may not be purchased by any person except for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (17 C.F.R Part 246.20(a)), or "Risk Retention U.S. Persons". "U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the credit risk retention requirements 
of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective investors should note that, 
although the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is very similar to the definition of "U.S. 
person" in Regulation S, there are substantial differences between the two definitions, as described in the table 
below, and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules. The relevant parts of the two definitions are set out in the following table: 
Regulation S (17 C.F.R. 230.902(k))  
U.S. 
Risk 
Retention 
Rules 
(17 
C.F.R. 
246.20(a)(1)(H)) 
[A U.S. Person includes] any partnership or corporation 
if:  
(A) Organized or incorporated under the laws of any 
foreign jurisdiction; and  
(B) Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose 
of investing in securities not registered under the 
[Securities] Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, 
and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in 
[Regulation D under the Securities Act]) who are not 
natural persons, estates or trusts.  
[emphasis added] 
[A U.S. Person includes] any partnership, corporation, 
limited liability corporation or other organization or 
entity if:  
(1) Organized and incorporated under the laws of any 
foreign jurisdiction; and  
(2) Formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other 
clause of this definition) principally for the purpose of 
investing in securities not registered under the 
[Securities] Act  
 
 
The institutional accredited investor exclusion from the Regulation S definition of U.S. Person has historically

--- Page 63 ---
50 
been a very important means for U.S. investors and investment managers to participate in non-U.S. securities 
markets. By establishing offshore investment entities, investors that met the relatively objective test for accredited 
investor status could participate in offshore transactions involving the offer and sale of securities outside the scope 
of U.S. federal securities laws. The use of a different definition of a "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules means that the certain foreign-related transactions safe harbor, which is discussed below, will not be 
available where more than 10% of the obligations issued by the Issuer are acquired by offshore investment vehicles 
established by U.S. investors, notwithstanding that the securities acquired may be exempt from registration under 
Regulation S. 
To strengthen the likelihood of compliance with the 10% limit with the certain foreign-related transactions safe 
harbor in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, each purchaser of Securities, including beneficial interests in such 
Securities, will be deemed to have made the following representations set out in "Selling Restrictions – United 
States of America – General Selling Restrictions" confirming that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is 
acquiring such Securities or a beneficial interest in such Securities for its own account and not with a view to 
distribute such Securities, or, in the case of a distributor, will only distribute such Securities to a person which is 
not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, and (3) is not acquiring such Securities or a beneficial interest in such Securities 
as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may sell a limited portion of the Securities to, or for the account or 
benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Persons under the certain foreign-foreign transactions safe harbor in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules. 
The U.S. Risk Retention Rules generally require the "securitizer" of a "securitization transaction" to retain at least 
5% of the "credit risk" of "securitized assets", as such terms are defined for purposes of U.S. Risk Retention Rules, 
and generally prohibit a securitizer from directly or indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by 
hedging or otherwise transferring the credit risk that the securitizer is required to retain. The U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules also provide for certain exemptions from the risk retention obligations. 
The issuance of the Securities will not involve retention by a securitizer as contemplated by the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules, but instead will be made in reliance on a safe harbor exemption in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
for certain foreign-related transactions. The purpose of this “foreign-related transaction” safe harbor exemption is 
to exclude from the risk retention requirements certain transactions in which the effects on U.S. interests are 
sufficiently remote so as not to significantly impact risk management practices in the United States or the interests 
of U.S. investors.   
To qualify for the "foreign-related transaction" safe harbor exemption, non-U.S. transactions must meet certain 
requirements, including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act; 
(2) no more than 10% of the securities issued in the securitization transaction are sold or transferred to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Offering 
Circular as "Risk Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitization transaction 
is (i) organized under the laws of the United States or any state or other jurisdiction in the United States or (ii) is 
an unincorporated branch or office (wherever located) of an entity organized under the laws of the United States 
or any state or other jurisdiction in the United States or (iii) is an unincorporated branch or office located in the 
United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25% of the underlying collateral was acquired from a 
majority-owned affiliate or branch or office of the sponsor or issuer organized or located in the United States. 
It is not certain whether the " foreign-related transaction" safe harbour exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules will be available. Failure of any offering of the Securities to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
(regardless of the reason for the failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action, which may adversely affect 
the Securities. Furthermore, a failure by a transaction to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could 
negatively affect the market value and secondary market liquidity of the Securities. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") came into force on 21 July 2011 
and the requirements thereunder were broadly implemented into the national laws of the Member States of the 
European Union by 22 July 2013. 
AIFMD provides, amongst other things, that all alternative investment funds ("AIFs") must have a designated 
alternative investment fund manager ("AIFM") with responsibility for portfolio and risk management. If the Issuer

--- Page 64 ---
51 
is an AIF (which may be determined by reference to any transactions it has entered into) the provisions of AIFMD 
would apply to the Issuer's AIFM. In addition, the Issuer may constitute a "financial counterparty" for the purposes 
of EMIR and become subject to the clearing obligation (which would require it to post margin to an authorised or 
recognised central clearing counterparty) and/or to post margin to any market counterparty. 
Investors should therefore be aware of the risk that the requirements of AIFMD may result in (i) Notes being 
redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount in the circumstances set out in Condition 7(c)(v) (Mandatory 
Redemption) or (ii) Warrants being cancelled early at the Cancellation Amount in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 25(b)(v) (Mandatory Cancellation). 
Considerations regarding increased regulation 
The financial markets are encountering the increased involvement of governmental and regulatory authorities in 
the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions and products offered and/or arranged by them. In 
particular, governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions have imposed stricter regulatory 
controls around certain financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in the 
future. The United States of America, the European Union and other jurisdictions are actively considering or are 
in the process of implementing various reform measures covering, among other things, derivative transactions and 
the offering of structured products and other financial investments and instruments. Such regulatory changes and 
the method of their implementation may have a significant impact on the operation of the financial markets and 
may also effect the value, characterisation and/or treatment of Securities issued by the Issuer and/or the 
characterisation and/or treatment of any of the transactions or agreements relating thereto. 
Certain of the regulatory developments may also impose obligations on the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Collateral Manager, the Agents and/or other applicable parties including, without limitation and among other 
things, in respect of derivative transactions (such as the reporting of transactional and other information relating 
to derivative transactions to trade repositories in various jurisdictions, the provision of collateral in certain 
circumstances mandated by such regulations and, potentially, the mandated clearing of certain derivative 
transactions). The ability of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the Agents and/or other 
applicable parties to comply with such regulatory obligations (whether in respect of derivative transactions or 
other areas relevant to Securities issued by the Issuer) may depend on, among other things, the initial and/or on-
going implementation of such regulations by the applicable authorities, the status and/or nature of the Issuer, the 
Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the Agents and/or other applicable parties, as relevant, the activities 
of such parties and/or other matters that may be outside the control of such parties (including contractual 
restrictions to which they may be subject). 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the consequences for any investor on their investment in Securities 
as a result of such regulatory developments and/or as a result of any compliance or lack of compliance by such 
party in respect of the same. 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book regulation 
For (A) an Index or SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or 
more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an 
Underlying Index composed of ETF, (B) a Fund or (C) ETF, if the related Fund, Fund Provider of the underlying 
Fund, ETF or ETF Service Provider of the underlying ETF, as the case may be, does not make publicly available 
information or does not provide information (either spontaneously or as required pursuant to laws and regulations 
or contractual arrangements) enabling the Swap Counterparty or its affiliates to calculate its market risks as holder 
of Fund Units or ETF, as the case may be, to hedge the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities, as if it were 
holding directly the assets of the underlying Fund or ETF, as the case may be (the "FRTB Information"), the 
Swap Counterparty or its affiliates may be subject to significantly higher capital requirements under the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented into French law.

--- Page 65 ---
52 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) that, subject to 
completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement, shall be applicable to Notes or Warrants (each as defined below and together, the 
"Securities") in definitive form (if any). Either (i) the full text of these General Terms and Conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Offering Circular Supplement or (ii) these General Terms and Conditions as 
so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on any Bearer Notes, Clearing System Warrants or Registered Securities. In the 
case of equity linked Securities ("Equity Linked Securities"), the terms and conditions of such Securities will 
include the additional terms and conditions contained in the equity technical annex (including the relevant sub-
annex (the "Sub-Annex") (the "Equity Technical Annex")), in the case of fund linked Securities ("Fund Linked 
Securities"), the terms and conditions of such Securities will include the additional terms and conditions 
contained in the fund technical annex (the "Fund Technical Annex"), in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the 
terms and conditions of such Notes will include the additional terms and conditions contained in the credit 
technical annex (the "Credit Technical Annex"), in the case of commodity linked Securities ("Commodity Linked 
Securities"), the terms and conditions of such Securities will include the additional terms and conditions 
contained in the commodities technical annex (the "Commodities Technical Annex"), in the case of inflation 
linked Securities ("Inflation Linked Securities"), the terms and conditions of such Securities will include the 
additional terms and conditions contained in the inflation technical annex (the "Inflation Technical Annex"), in 
the case of foreign exchange rate linked Securities ("Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Securities"), the terms and 
conditions of such Securities will include the additional terms and conditions contained in the foreign exchange 
rate technical annex (the "Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex"), in the case of dividend linked Securities 
(the “Dividend Linked Securities”), the terms and conditions of such Securities will include the additional terms 
and conditions contained in the dividend technical annex (the "Dividend Technical Annex"), in the case of 
reference rate linked Securities ("Reference Rate Linked Securities"), the terms and conditions of such Securities 
will include the additional terms and conditions contained in the reference rate technical annex (the "Reference 
Rate Technical Annex", and, together with the Equity Technical Annex, Fund Technical Annex, Commodities 
Technical Annex, Inflation Technical Annex, Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex and the Dividend Technical 
Annex, each a "Technical Annex"), in each case to the extent specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and which in each case will be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Global Security or 
Definitive Security, as the case may be. These General Terms and Conditions and the additional terms and 
conditions contained in the applicable Technical Annex (including, where applicable, the Additional Conditions 
for Structured Securities) constitute the “Conditions” or the “Terms and Conditions” of the Securities. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the Principal 
Trust Deed and/or the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. Those definitions will be endorsed on such Bearer Notes, 
Clearing System Warrants or Registered Securities, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" 
or "Warrants" are to the Notes or Warrants, as applicable, of one Series only, not to all Notes or Warrants that 
may be issued under the Programme. References in the Conditions to "Securities" are to either Notes or Warrants 
of one Series only and not to Notes and Warrants together, unless the context so requires. 
The Securities are constituted and secured by a supplemental trust deed dated the Issue Date (as specified in the 
Offering Circular Supplement) (the "Supplemental Trust Deed") between Iris SPV plc ("Iris" or the “Issuer”) 
or a Specified Issuer (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Trustee and, if applicable, the other persons specified 
therein, supplemental to a principal trust deed (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Principal 
Trust Deed") dated on or around the date of this Offering Circular between, among others, Iris and HSBC 
Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited (the "Trustee"), which expression shall include all persons for the 
time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below) as trustee for the Holders of the 
Securities. The Principal Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed are referred to together as the "Trust Deed". 
These General Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Clearing 
System Warrants and Registered Warrants referred to below. An agency agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement") dated on or around the date of this Offering Circular has been 
entered into in relation to the Notes and Warrants between Iris, the Trustee, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Luxembourg as warrant authentication agent for warrant issuances and HSBC Bank plc as, among other things, 
initial issuing and paying agent, warrant agent and custodian. Iris has entered into a custody agreement dated on 
or around the date of this Offering Circular between it, the Trustee and HSBC Bank plc as custodian, as amended 
or supplemented from time to time, the "Custody Agreement"). Iris has entered into an ICSD agreement between 
it and Euroclear and Clearstream (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "ICSD Agreement"). The 
issuing and paying agent, the warrant agent, the custodian, the registrar, the warrant authentication agent, the

--- Page 66 ---
53 
transfer agents, the disposal agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the "Issuing and Paying Agent", the "Warrant Agent", the "Custodian", the "Registrar", the 
"Warrant Authentication Agent", the "Transfer Agents", the "Disposal Agent" and the "Calculation 
Agent(s)" and collectively as the "Agents". Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement, and the ICSD Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the specified 
office of the Trustee and at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Transfer Agents 
respectively. 
The Noteholders and Warrantholders (each as defined below), the Holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") 
relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further 
Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") and the Holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of 
principal (the "Receipts") relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are 
entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and 
are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
The Specified Issuer has executed a deed (the "Acceptance Deed") under which it has become bound by the 
Master Documents (including the Principal Trust Deed), as defined in such Acceptance Deed. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the Principal 
Trust Deed and/or the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes or Warrants, as the case may be. References in these Conditions to 
(i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase 
and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it; (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest and Other Calculations) or any amendment or 
supplement to it; and (iii) "settlement amount" shall be deemed to include all amounts payable in respect of the 
Warrants, whether upon the exercise of such Warrants or otherwise, and shall include all Settlement Amounts, 
Cancellation Amounts and Optional Cancellation Amounts. 
1. 
FORM, SPECIFIED DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Bearer Notes, Clearing System Warrants, Registered Notes and Registered Warrants 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes that are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in bearer 
form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") in each case in the 
Specified Denomination(s) as defined and as shown in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
Notes issued in registered form may be issued in global registered form ("Global Registered 
Notes") or in definitive registered form ("Definitive Registered Notes"). 
The Warrants are issued in clearing system form ("Clearing System Warrants") and will be 
represented on issue by a bearer clearing system global warrant ("Clearing System Global 
Warrant"), or in registered form ("Registered Warrants" and, together with Registered Notes, 
"Registered Securities") in each case as shown in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
Warrants issued in registered form may be issued in global registered form ("Global Registered 
Warrants") or in definitive registered form ("Definitive Registered Warrants"). 
All Registered Notes in respect of the same Series shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are 
exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as the lowest denomination of 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Each Security is a fixed rate Note, a floating rate Note, a zero coupon Note, an instalment Note, 
a credit linked Note (a "Credit Linked Note"), a dual currency Note (a "Dual Currency Note"), 
an equity linked Warrant (an "Equity Linked Warrant"), an equity linked Note (an "Equity 
Linked Note"), a fund linked Warrant (a "Fund Linked Warrant"), a fund linked Note (a 
"Fund Linked Note"), a commodity linked Warrant (a "Commodity Linked Warrant"), a 
commodity linked Note (a "Commodity Linked Note"), an inflation linked Warrant (an 
"Inflation Linked Warrant"), an inflation linked Note (an "Inflation Linked Note"), a foreign

--- Page 67 ---
54 
exchange rate linked warrant (a "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrant"), a foreign 
exchange rate linked Note (a "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Note"), a reference rate linked 
Warrant (a "Reference Rate Linked Warrant"), a reference rate linked Note (a "Reference 
Rate Linked Note"), a dividend linked Warrant (a "Dividend Linked Warrant"), a dividend 
linked Note (a "Dividend Linked Note", and together with any Equity Linked Note, Fund 
Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Note and Reference Rate Linked Note, a "Structured Note"), a partly paid Note, a combination 
of any of the foregoing (other than a combination of any kind of Note and any kind of Warrant) 
or any other kind of Note or Warrant, depending upon the Interest (in the case of Notes) and 
Redemption or Settlement (as the case may be)/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement. For the purposes above, an Equity Linked Note or Equity Linked Warrant 
shall be deemed to include reference to a Note or Warrant linked to a share, American depositary 
receipt, exchange traded fund, index or SGI index. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of zero coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to default interest), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement will indicate whether the Warrants are American 
style Warrants ("American Style Warrants"), European style Warrants ("European Style 
Warrants") or Bermudan style Warrants ("Bermudan Style Warrants") and whether automatic 
exercise ("Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants, whether the Warrants are call Warrants 
("Call Warrants") or put Warrants ("Put Warrants"), or such other type as may be specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, whether the Warrants may only be exercised in 
units ("Units") and whether averaging ("Averaging") will apply to the Warrants. If Units are 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, Warrants must be exercised in Units 
and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be 
void and of no effect. If Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the applicable Offering Circular Supplement will state, amongst other details, the 
relevant Averaging Dates. 
If indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, any Global Bearer Notes or Global 
Registered Notes, without interest coupons or principal receipts, issued from time to time by Iris 
may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This simply 
means that such Notes are intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NGN form or 
Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN form, respectively (as the case may be), in each case deposited 
with a Common Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, no Warrants 
will be issued that are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Common Depositary" means a depositary common to the ICSDs; 
(ii) 
"Common Safekeeper" means a common safekeeper for the ICSDs; 
(iii) 
"Eurosystem" means the European System of Central Banks as the term is used by the 
Governing Council of the European Central Bank; 
(iv) 
"Eurosystem-eligible NGN" means an NGN which is intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement; 
(v) 
"Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN" means an NSSGRN which is intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as indicated in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement;

--- Page 68 ---
55 
(vi) 
"ICSD" means any or each of Euroclear and Clearstream; 
(vii) 
"New Global Note" or "NGN" means a temporary Global Bearer Note or a permanent 
Global Bearer Note in either case where the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
indicates that such Note is intended to be issued in new global note form; and 
(viii) 
"NSS Global Registered Note" or "NSSGRN" means a Global Registered Note where 
the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be 
issued under the new safekeeping structure implemented on 30 June 2010 by the 
ICSDs. 
Save as provided in Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options, or Partial Redemption of Notes or 
Partial Cancellation of Warrants in respect of Registered Securities), each Registered Security 
shall represent the entire holding of Securities by the same Holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to 
the Registered Securities shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
"Register"). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Holder (as defined below) of any Note, Warrant, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to 
be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or 
loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating 
to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), 
"Warrantholder" means a Clearing System Holder or the person in whose name a Registered 
Warrant is registered (as the case may be) and "Holder" (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon, or Warrant, as the case may be) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon, the Clearing System Holder of any Clearing System Warrant or the person in whose 
name a Registered Security is registered (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Global Securities and Definitive Securities 
(i) 
Securities 
(A) 
The Securities (including beneficial interests therein) may not be held by 
persons other than Permitted Transferees at any time. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche of Securities sold in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented on issue by either 
(1) one or more, in the case of Notes, Global Registered Notes of such 
Tranche of Notes or, in the case of Warrants, Global Registered Warrants of 
such Tranche of Warrants, in each case in fully registered form in the forms 
set out in Schedule 1 Part 3 (Form of Global Registered Note) and Schedule 
4 Part 2 (Form of Global Registered Warrant) to the Principal Trust Deed and 
will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for the 
Common Depositary (if, in the case of Notes only, the Global Registered Note 
is not intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN form) or, in the 
case of Notes only, Euroclear and Clearstream acting as common safekeeper 
(if the Global Registered Note is intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible 
NSSGRN form) or (2) one or more, in the case of Notes, Definitive 
Registered Notes of such Tranche of Notes or, in the case of Warrants, 
Definitive Registered Warrants of such Tranche of Warrants, in each case in 
fully registered form in the forms set out in Schedule 3 (Form of Definitive 
Registered Note) and Schedule 5 (Form of Definitive Registered Warrant) to 
the Principal Trust Deed and will be delivered to the purchaser thereof or its 
nominee.

--- Page 69 ---
56 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche of Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act will be represented on issue by (1) a temporary global 
note in bearer form in the form set out in Schedule 1 Part 1 (Form of 
Temporary Global Bearer Note) to the Principal Trust Deed (each a 
"temporary Global Bearer Note") or (2) a permanent global note in bearer 
form in the form set out in Schedule 1 Part 2 (Form of Permanent Global 
Bearer Note) to the Principal Trust Deed (each a "permanent Global Bearer 
Note" and together with the temporary Global Bearer Notes, the "Global 
Bearer Notes" and the Global Bearer Notes together with the Global 
Registered Notes, the "Global Notes") or (3) one or more Definitive Bearer 
Notes in the form set out in Schedule 2 Part 1 (Form of Definitive Bearer Note) 
to the Principal Trust Deed (each a "Definitive Bearer Note", and the 
Definitive Bearer Notes together with the Definitive Registered Notes, the 
"Definitive Notes", and the Definitive Notes together with the Global Notes, 
the "Notes"). The Clearing System Warrants of each Tranche of Warrants 
sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented 
on issue by a Clearing System Global Warrant in the form set out in Schedule 
4 Part 1 (Form of Clearing System Global Warrant) to the Principal Trust 
Deed (the Clearing System Global Warrants together with the Global 
Registered Warrants, the "Global Warrants"). The Definitive Registered 
Warrants together with the Global Warrants shall be referred to as the 
"Warrants". 
(B) 
By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Warrant 
(together, a "Global Security") above, the purchaser or transferee thereof will 
be deemed to represent that (i) it (A) is a Permitted Transferee, (B) is aware 
that the sale to it is being made in reliance on an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Regulation S 
thereunder, (C) is acquiring such Note or Warrant (together, a "Security"), as 
the case may be, for its own account or one or more accounts with respect to 
which it exercises sole investment discretion, none of which is a person other 
than a Permitted Transferee, and (D) is not purchasing such Securities with a 
view to the resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in the United States 
or to a person other than a Permitted Transferee; (ii) it understands that the 
Issuer may receive a list of participants holding securities from Euroclear and 
Clearstream and (iii) if in the future it determines to transfer such beneficial 
interest, it will transfer such interest only to a person whom the seller 
reasonably believes to be a Permitted Transferee in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
(C) 
Upon acquisition of a Definitive Note or a Definitive Registered Warrant 
above, the purchaser or transferee thereof will be required to represent that (i) 
it (A) is a Permitted Transferee, (B) is aware that the sale to it is being made 
in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Regulation S thereunder, (C) is acquiring such 
Securities for its own account or one or more accounts with respect to which 
it exercises sole investment discretion, none of which is a person other than a 
Permitted Transferee, and (D) is not purchasing such Securities with a view 
to the resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in the United States or 
to a person other than a Permitted Transferee; and (ii) if in the future it 
determines to transfer such Security, it will transfer it only to a person whom 
the seller reasonably believes to be a Permitted Transferee in an offshore 
transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
(D) 
Before acquisition of a Definitive Registered Security, the purchaser or 
transferor thereof will be required to deliver a Definitive Registered Security 
transfer letter in a form to be provided in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement in respect of a particular Tranche of Securities or as otherwise

--- Page 70 ---
57 
available from the Issuing and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent, as the case 
may be (a "Definitive Registered Security Transfer Letter"). 
(ii) 
In these Conditions: 
(A) 
"Investment Company Act" means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended; 
(B) 
"IRS U.S. Person" means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(C) 
"Permitted Transferee" means any person who: 
(i) 
is not a U.S. person;  
(ii) 
is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person; and 
(iii) 
is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for 
the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any 
person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under CFTC 
Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not 
"Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); 
(D) 
"Regulation S" has the meaning given to it in the Securities Act; 
(E) 
"Regulation S U.S. Person" means a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S; 
(F) 
"Risk Retention U.S. Person" means a "U.S. person" for purposes of the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules; 
(G) 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
and 
(H) 
"U.S.$", "USD" and "$" are references to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America. 
(I) 
"U.S. Person" means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that IRS U.S. Person is also 
applicable in which case a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or 
an IRS U.S. Person, or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Securities, Advised 
SGI Index is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or 
an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
specifies that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; 
(J) 
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means the final rules implementing the credit 
risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended. 
2. 
EXCHANGES OF EXCHANGEABLE BEARER NOTES AND TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED 
SECURITIES 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f) (Closed Periods), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be 
exchanged for the same aggregate nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing 
of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be 
exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9(b)

--- Page 71 ---
58 
(Registered Notes)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of 
interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not 
be exchanged for Registered Notes. Where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for 
exchange by a person who is already a Holder of Registered Notes, a new certificate 
representing the exchanged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered 
Note representing the existing holding. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
One or more Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Registered Securities to be transferred, together 
with the form of transfer endorsed on such Registered Security, (or other forms of transfer in 
substantially the same form and containing the same representations and certificates (if any), 
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence 
which the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part 
only of a holding of Securities represented by one Registered Security, a new Registered 
Security shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Registered Security in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor, provided that in the case of a transfer of Registered Securities to a person who is 
already a Holder of Registered Securities, a new Registered Security representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Security representing the 
existing holding. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options, or Partial Redemption of Notes or Partial Cancellation of Warrants 
in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Notes represented by a single Registered Note, a new Registered 
Note shall be issued to the Holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of an exercise of the Issuer's option in respect 
of, or a partial cancellation of, a holding of Warrants represented by a single Registered Warrant, 
a new Registered Warrant shall be issued to the Holder to reflect the exercise of such option or 
in respect of the balance of the holding not cancelled. In the case of a partial exercise of an 
option resulting in Securities of the same holding having different terms, separate Registered 
Securities shall be issued in respect of those Securities of that holding that have the same terms. 
New Registered Securities shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered 
Securities to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Securities to a person who is already a Holder of such Series of Securities, a new Registered 
Security representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Registered Security representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Registered Securities 
Each new Registered Note to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a) (Exchange of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes) and each new Registered Security to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities) or Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options, or Partial 
Redemption of Notes or Partial Cancellation of Warrants in respect of Registered Securities) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of a duly completed request 
for exchange or form of transfer or, in the case of Notes only, Option Exercise Notice (as defined 
in Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' 
Option)) as the case may be, or the surrender of the Registered Security for exchange together 
with satisfaction of any other requirements imposed by these Conditions. Delivery of the new 
Registered Security(ies) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the 
Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form 
of transfer, Option Exercise Notice or Registered Security shall have been made or, at the option 
of the Holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant 
request for exchange, form of transfer, Option Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new Registered Security to

--- Page 72 ---
59 
such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise and pays in advance 
to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance 
as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), "business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Securities on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption or cancellation shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, 
that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option), (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or 
more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Registered Note is simultaneously surrendered 
not later than the relevant Record Date. No Warrantholder may require the transfer of a 
Registered Warrant to be registered (i) after any such Warrant has been exercised (whether by 
delivery of an Exercise Notice or otherwise), (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date 
on which the Warrants may be cancelled by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 25(e) 
(Cancellation at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option) or (iii) after any such 
Warrant has become due to be cancelled. 
(g) 
Exchange of Interests in Registered Global Securities 
An interest in a Global Registered Security may be exchanged or transferred in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of Euroclear and Clearstream, the transfer restrictions contained in the 
legend on such Global Registered Security. An owner of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Registered Security may transfer such interest in the form of a beneficial interest in such Global 
Registered Security without the provision of written certification provided that such transfer is 
made to a Permitted Transferee or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee and is 
effected through Euroclear or Clearstream in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements 
of Regulation S. For the avoidance of doubt, a Global Registered Security may be held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream or any other Clearing System. 
(h) 
Exchange of Interests in Definitive Registered Securities 
If a Holder of a Definitive Registered Security wishes at any time to transfer its interest to a 
person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Registered Security, such 
Holder may transfer such interest for an equivalent interest in a Definitive Registered Security. 
The Transfer Agent shall only cause the transfer of any interest in a Definitive Registered 
Security upon provision to the Issuing and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent (as applicable), 
Registrar, Warrant Authentication Agent (in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants) and 
Transfer Agent of a Definitive Registered Security Transfer Letter. Upon receipt by the Issuer, 
Issuing and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent (as applicable), Registrar, Warrant Authentication 
Agent (in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants) and the Transfer Agent of a completed 
Definitive Registered Security Transfer Letter, the Transfer Agent shall (x) if applicable, cause 
the Registrar to cancel such Definitive Registered Security, (y) record the transfer in the Note 
Register or Warrant Register, as applicable, and (z) if applicable instruct the Issuer to execute 
one or more certificates representing such Definitive Registered Security, in which case, the 
Registrar or the Warrant Authentication Agent, as applicable, shall authenticate and deliver such

--- Page 73 ---
60 
certificates in the names and, in the case of Notes, principal amounts specified by the Holder 
(the aggregate of such amounts being the same as the principal amount to be transferred and in 
Specified Denominations as defined and shown in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) 
or, in the case of Warrants, quantities specified by the Holder (the aggregate of such quantities 
being the same as the quantity to be transferred). 
(i) 
Regulations Concerning Transfer and Registration 
All transfers of Securities and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Securities scheduled to the Dealer Agreement including, 
without limitation, that a transfer of Securities in breach of certain of such regulations will result 
in such Securities becoming subject to the provisions of Condition 2(j) (Redemption, 
Cancellation or Forced Transfer of Registered Securities) and Condition 2(k) (Redemption, 
Cancellation or Forced Transfer of Bearer Notes or Clearing System Warrants) below. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer in any manner which is reasonably required by the 
Issuer (after consultation with the Trustee) to reflect changes in legal requirements or in any 
other manner which, in the opinion of the Issuer (after consultation with the Trustee), is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of the relevant Tranche of Securities. A copy of the 
current regulations will be sent by the Registrar to any Holder who so requests and is available 
at the offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(j) 
Redemption, Cancellation or Forced Transfer of Registered Securities 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Registered 
Security to a person other than a Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal 
effect whatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a 
Registered Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial 
owner of such interest in such Registered Security. If the Issuer determines at any time that a 
Holder of Registered Securities (i) is a person other than a Permitted Transferee, or (ii) 
purchased Registered Securities in breach of the deemed or actual representations given by such 
Holder upon the purchase of such Registered Securities, the Issuer may (a) in the case of 
Registered Notes, redeem such Registered Notes at the Early Redemption Amount or, in the 
case of Registered Warrants, cancel such Registered Warrants and pay to Holders the 
Cancellation Amount (if any) or (b) direct such Holder to sell or transfer its Securities to a 
Permitted Transferee in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S within 
30 days following receipt of such notice. If such sale is not effected within such 30 days, upon 
written direction from the Issuer, the Trustee will be authorised to conduct a commercially 
reasonable sale of such Securities to a Permitted Transferee in an offshore transaction meeting 
the requirements of Regulation S and, pending transfer, no further payments will be made in 
respect of such Securities or any beneficial interest therein. 
(k) 
Redemption, Cancellation or Forced Transfer of Bearer Notes or Clearing System 
Warrants 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Bearer Note 
or Clearing System Warrant to a person other than a Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio 
and of no legal effect whatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership 
interest in a Bearer Note or Clearing System Warrant in such a transaction will not be entitled 
to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Bearer Note or Clearing 
System Warrant, as applicable. If the Issuer determines at any time that a Holder of Bearer Notes 
or Clearing System Warrants, as the case may be (i) is a person other than a Permitted Transferee, 
or (ii) purchased Bearer Notes or Clearing System Warrants, as the case may be, in breach of 
the deemed or actual representations given by such Holder upon the purchase of such Bearer 
Notes or Clearing System Warrants, the Issuer may (a) redeem such Bearer Notes or Clearing 
System Warrants, as the case may be, at the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, 
as applicable, or (b) direct such Holder to sell or transfer its Securities to a person who is a 
Permitted Transferee in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S within 
30 days following receipt of such notice. If such sale is not effected within such 30 days, upon 
written direction from the Issuer, the Trustee will be authorised to conduct a commercially 
reasonable sale of such Securities to a person who is a Permitted Transferee in an offshore

--- Page 74 ---
61 
transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S and, pending transfer, no further payments 
will be made in respect of such Securities or any beneficial interest therein. 
3. 
STATUS, COLLATERAL, OBLIGATIONS AND NON-APPLICABILITY 
(a) 
Status of Securities 
The Securities of any Series are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times 
ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves (unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), secured in the manner described in Condition 4 
(Transaction Security) and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 4(e) (Shortfall after Application of Proceeds) and Condition 12 (Enforcement). 
(b) 
Securities and other transactions 
In connection with the issue of the Securities of any Series the Issuer may acquire, or may 
acquire interests in, one or more transferable securities (the "Collateral Securities") issued by 
or representing obligations of one or more persons and there may be executed: 
(i) 
one or more letters of credit, guarantees, loan agreements evidencing loans advanced 
by the Issuer, insurance policies, options in favour of the Issuer or other credit support 
documents (each a "Credit Support Document") made by a credit support provider 
(each a "Credit Support Provider") in favour of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
one or more swap transactions (including any applicable guarantee, each a "Swap") 
with one or more swap counterparties (each a "Swap Counterparty") guaranteed, if 
applicable, by one or more swap guarantors (each a "Swap Guarantor") with an 
effective date as of the Issue Date; 
(iii) 
one or more agreements (each a "Contract") between the Issuer and one or more 
persons (each a "Beneficiary") under which the Issuer may incur indebtedness, grant 
options or incur other obligations of any kind, in each case, on a secured basis; 
(iv) 
one or more agreements (each a "Collateral Securities Agreement") between the 
Issuer and one or more persons (each a "Counterparty") under which the Issuer may 
agree to buy or sell securities or enter into other contractual relations; 
(v) 
one or more agreements (each a "Deposit Agreement") between the Issuer and one or 
more persons (each a "Deposit Bank") under which the Issuer shall agree to deposit 
certain moneys in an account with the Deposit Bank; and/or 
(vi) 
any such other agreements so specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (each 
an "Other Agreement") between the Issuer and one or more persons (each an "Other 
Party"), 
each as further described in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
A summary of the terms of each Credit Support Document, Swap, Contract, Collateral Securities 
Agreement, Deposit Agreement and Other Agreement will be set out in the Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
(c) 
Collateral and Obligations 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Collateral" means the rights, title and interest (if any) of the Issuer in and under the 
Securities, each Credit Support Document, each Swap, each Collateral Securities 
Agreement, each Contract, each Deposit Agreement and each Other Agreement;

--- Page 75 ---
62 
(ii) 
"Creditor" means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Obligations and "Other 
Creditor" means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Other Obligations; 
(iii) 
"Obligations" means the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the Trust Deed and 
each Note, Warrant, Swap, Contract, Collateral Securities Agreement, Deposit 
Agreement and Other Agreement and "Other Obligations" means the obligations and 
duties of the Issuer under each Swap, Contract, Collateral Securities Agreement, 
Deposit Agreement and Other Agreement; and 
(iv) 
"Obligor" means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Collateral. 
(d) 
Non-Applicability 
Where no reference is made in the Supplemental Trust Deed to any Collateral or Obligation, 
references in these Conditions to any such Collateral or Obligation and to any related Obligor or 
Creditor, as the case may be, shall not be applicable. 
4. 
TRANSACTION SECURITY 
(a) 
Transaction Security 
Unless otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Obligations together with, inter 
alia, claims (if any) of the Disposal Agent (arising pursuant to the Disposal Agency Agreement) 
(as defined in the Principal Trust Deed), the Custodian (for reimbursement in respect of 
payments properly made to any person of sums receivable in respect of the Collateral in 
discharge of an Obligation) and the Issuing and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent, as the case 
may be (for reimbursement in respect of payments properly made to any person in discharge of 
the Securities) are secured in favour of the Trustee, pursuant to the Trust Deed, by: 
(i) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's rights attaching to or relating to the 
Collateral Securities and all sums or assets derived therefrom including without 
limitation any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or nominal value 
thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system 
or through a financial intermediary; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest against the 
Custodian, to the extent that they relate to the Collateral Securities; 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest under the 
Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement and the Disposal Agency Agreement, to 
the extent that they relate to the Securities; 
(iv) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest against the 
Disposal Agent, to the extent that they relate to any Collateral or the proceeds of sale 
of any such Collateral; 
(v) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest under each 
relevant Credit Support Document, Swap, Collateral Securities Agreement, Contract, 
Deposit Agreement and/or Other Agreement; and 
(vi) 
a first fixed charge over (a) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Warrant Agent, as applicable, and/or the Custodian to meet payments due in respect of 
any Obligation and (b) any sums received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Warrant Agent, as applicable, under any Credit Support Document, Swap, Collateral 
Securities Agreement, Contract, Deposit Agreement and/or Other Agreement. 
Additionally, the Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a security document other 
than the Trust Deed as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed.

--- Page 76 ---
63 
References in these Conditions to "Transaction Security" are to the security constituted by the 
Supplemental Trust Deed including any alternative Transaction Security created pursuant to 
Condition 4(g) (Substitution of Mortgaged Property). 
"Mortgaged Property" means the assets and contractual rights in respect of the agreements 
comprising the mortgaged property on which each Programme Transaction or Series of 
Securities is secured, all as specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
"Programme Transaction" means a Transaction entered into under this programme (the 
"Programme") and which is secured pursuant to a Supplemental Trust Deed and any other 
security document entered into in connection with such Transaction. 
"Transaction" means any financial transaction entered into by the Issuer, including the issue of 
a particular Series of Securities, but not involving the guarantee by it, or its becoming obligated 
for, the debts of any other person or entity, and including, without limitation, notes, warrants, 
loans, swaps and options, contracts for the sale and/or purchase of assets, and the incurring by 
the Issuer of indebtedness in forms other than the Securities, or any combination of such 
transactions, in each case where recourse in respect of such Transactions is limited to the 
proceeds of enforcement of the security over the assets of the Issuer on which such Transactions 
are secured and which: 
(i) 
are secured (save in the case of such further notes forming a single series with the Notes 
or such further warrants forming a single series with the Warrants) on assets of the Issuer 
other than assets comprising the Mortgaged Property of an existing Series, the assets on 
which any other obligations of the Issuer are secured, the Issuer's share capital and any 
other funds standing to the credit of the Issuer's local bank account that is held and 
operated in connection with its administration and management; and 
(ii) 
are issued or created on terms and conditions substantially in the form contained in 
Conditions 4(e) (Shortfall after Application of Proceeds) and 12 (Enforcement). 
Full details of the relevant Collateral and Mortgaged Property will be set out in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed and the relevant Offering Circular Supplement for the relevant Series. 
(b) 
Application of Transaction Security 
The Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the Supplemental Trust Deed and to Clause 6.3 
(Accumulation) of the Principal Trust Deed) apply all moneys received by it under the 
provisions of the Trust Deed in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the 
Transaction Security as follows: 
(i) 
firstly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
incurred by the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts hereunder 
(including any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising any Transaction Security 
(including legal costs) and the Trustee's and receiver's remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, cost, charges expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by any Agent in carrying out its functions under the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement or any Custody Agreement, as applicable, any claim of any Agent 
(other than the Custodian) for any amount properly due to it as reimbursement in 
respect of payment of principal and interest made to the holders of the Securities and 
any claim of the Custodian for any amount properly due to it as reimbursement in 
respect of payments made to the relevant Counterparty pursuant to the relevant 
Collateral Securities Agreement; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims in the order set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed, 
provided that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, any 
claims of the Swap Counterparty arising under the Swap and any claims of the 
Collateral Manager arising under the Collateral Management Agreement shall be 
deemed to have priority over the claims of other secured creditors (other than, for the

--- Page 77 ---
64 
avoidance of doubt, the Trustee or any receiver appointed by the Trustee or the Agent 
pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above); and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
Any Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Obligation may rank differently in 
respect of each Obligation. 
If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay in full all amounts to persons whose 
claims rank rateably, the Trustee shall apply the moneys pro rata on the basis of the amount 
due to each party entitled to such payment. 
For these purposes and unless otherwise provided, references in the Supplemental Trust Deed 
to: 
(i) 
"Beneficiary Claim" means the claims of each Beneficiary under the relevant Contract; 
(ii) 
"Counterparty Claim" means the claims of each Counterparty under the relevant 
Collateral Securities Agreement; 
(iii) 
"Custodian Claim" means the claims of the Custodian for reimbursement of payments 
properly made by it to any person of sums receivable in respect of the Collateral; 
(iv) 
"Disposal Agent Claim" means the claims of the Disposal Agent for the reimbursement 
of payments properly made and liabilities incurred by it under the Disposal Agency 
Agreement; 
(v) 
"Issuing and Paying Agent Claim" means the claims of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
for reimbursement of payments properly made by it to any person in discharge of an 
Obligation; 
(vi) 
"Noteholder Claim" means the claims of the Noteholders and Couponholders rateably 
in respect of the Notes, Coupons and Receipts; 
(vii) 
"Swap Counterparty Claim" means the claims of each Swap Counterparty under the 
relevant Swap; 
(viii) "Warrant Agent Claim" means the claims of the Warrant Agent for reimbursement of 
payments properly made by it to any person in discharge of an Obligation; 
(ix) 
"Warrantholder Claim" means the claims of the Warrantholders rateably in respect of 
the Warrants; and 
(x) 
the "claims" of any named person are to the claims of that person as a Creditor in the 
capacity or capacities identified in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
If "Pari passu Ranking" is stated in the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of any claims 
referred to in (i) to (x) above, such claims shall rank rateably inter se. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Transaction Security 
The Transaction Security over the Mortgaged Property shall become enforceable (i) if there is 
an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Events of Default); or (ii) as otherwise 
provided in Clause 5.5 (Enforcement of Transaction Security) of the Principal Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Realisation of Transaction Security 
If any Transaction Security becomes enforceable, the Trustee may at its discretion and shall (as 
long as it has been indemnified, secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), on receipt of

--- Page 78 ---
65 
whichever of a Holder Request, Extraordinary Resolution Direction or a Creditor Direction as 
shall be specified in the Supplemental Listing Particulars or (if none is so specified) a Creditor 
Direction, enforce the Transaction Security constituted by the Trust Deed. Any such Holder 
Request or Extraordinary Resolution Direction made in respect of an Event of Default pursuant 
to Condition 11(a) (Events of Default) shall, if it does not already do so, be deemed to request 
the Trustee to give notice to the Issuer that, in the case of Notes, the Notes are, and shall 
immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount or, in the case of 
Warrants, the Warrants are to be cancelled with the Cancellation Amount payable to the 
Warrantholders. 
To do this it may at its discretion (and either acting itself or through a receiver, agent or other 
person appointed by the Trustee) take possession of and/or realise the Collateral Securities 
and/or take action against any person to enforce, terminate and/or realise any Credit Support 
Document, Swap, Collateral Securities Agreement, Contract, Deposit Agreement or Other 
Agreement in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action against any Obligor but 
without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect 
of such action on individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, or Warrantholders, 
as the case may be, and provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any action that 
would involve any liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction (including, where so required by the Trustee, by way of pre-funding). 
In this Condition 4(d): 
(i) 
"Creditor Direction" means where sums are due to the Beneficiary and/or the 
Counterparty and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or the Collateral Manager, and/or the 
Deposit Bank and/or the Other Party and/or the Custodian and/or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and/or the Warrant Agent (the claims in respect of which are secured) 
the first direction in writing by any such party unless this would in the opinion of the 
Trustee be contrary to the interests of the Holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons, or the Warrants, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
"Extraordinary Resolution Direction" means a direction by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in Condition 13(a) (Meetings of Holders)) of the Holders; and 
(iii) 
"Holder Request" means a request in writing by the Holders of (I) in the case of Notes, 
at least one-fifth in aggregate nominal amount of either the most Senior Tranche of 
Notes (in the case of more than one Tranche of Notes) or the Notes (in the case of one 
Tranche of Notes) then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or (II) in the case of 
Warrants, at least one-fifth of the total number of Outstanding Warrants. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Outstanding Warrants" means, in relation to a Series 
of Warrants, all the Warrants issued except (a) those that have been exercised and settled in 
accordance with these Conditions; (b) those in respect of which the relevant Settlement Date 
(as defined in Condition 22(e) (General)) has occurred and the settlement moneys have been 
duly paid to the Trustee or to the Warrant Agent in accordance with Clause 2 (Issue of Securities, 
Entering into Transactions and Covenant to Pay) of the Principal Trust Deed and remain 
available for payment against presentation and surrender of Warrants; (c) those that have 
become void; (d) those in respect of which the expiration date has occurred where Automatic 
Exercise did not apply and which were not exercised in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(e) those that have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions; provided that 
for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the 
Warrantholders; (ii) the determination of how many Warrants are unexercised for the purposes 
of Conditions 11 (Events of Default), 12 (Enforcement) and 13 (Meetings of Holders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution); and (iii) the exercise of any discretion, power or 
authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to 
the interests of the Warrantholders, those Warrants that are beneficially held by or on behalf of 
the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to be Outstanding 
Warrants.

--- Page 79 ---
66 
(e) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds 
If the net proceeds of the realisation of the Transaction Security under Condition 4(d) 
(Realisation of Transaction Security) above (the "Net Proceeds") are not sufficient to make all 
payments which but for the effect of this provision would then be due in respect of the 
Obligations or claims of the Custodian and/or any Agent, then the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of them will be limited to such Net Proceeds and the other assets of the Issuer will not 
be available for payment of any Shortfall (as defined below) arising therefrom. Any such 
Shortfall shall be borne according to the priorities specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess of the Net Proceeds and 
accordingly no debt or obligation shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of any Shortfall 
remaining after realisation of the Transaction Security under Condition 4(d) (Realisation of 
Transaction Security) and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed. None 
of the Trustee, any Creditor, the Custodian and any Agent (nor any person acting on behalf of 
any of them) may take any further action to recover such Shortfall. In particular, none of the 
Trustee, any Creditor, the Custodian, any Agent, nor any other party to the Supplemental Trust 
Deed shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the winding-up of the Issuer or for 
the declaration of the Issuer's assets en désastre or for any other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings with respect to the Issuer. Failure to make any payment in respect of any Shortfall 
shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
In this Condition "Shortfall" means the difference between the amount of the Net Proceeds and 
the amount which would but for this Condition 4(e) have been due under the Obligations or in 
respect of claims of the Custodian and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Warrant 
Agent (if any). 
(f) 
Excess Assets Direction 
Where the Transaction Security in respect of a Series becomes enforceable, the Trustee (or any 
receiver, agent or other person appointed by the Trustee on its behalf) shall determine whether 
the value of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series exceeds or is likely to exceed the 
total liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Obligations or claims of the Custodian and/or any 
Agent as a result of any security provided to the Issuer (the "Excess Assets Security") by an 
Other Creditor in support of its obligations under a Swap, Contract, Collateral Securities 
Agreement, Deposit Agreement, Collateral Management Agreement or Other Agreement (an 
"Excess Assets Event"). Upon a determination by the Trustee (or any receiver, agent or other 
person so appointed) that an Excess Assets Event has occurred, it shall notify the Holders of 
Securities, the Other Creditors or the Obligees (as defined in the Principal Trust Deed), as the 
case may be, in accordance with Clause 6.6 (Excess Assets Direction) of the Principal Trust 
Deed. In making any such determination, the Trustee (or any receiver, agent or other person so 
appointed) shall be entitled to rely solely upon valuation advice that it has obtained from any 
expert without additional enquiry or investigation, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged 
to procure any such valuation where it would be prohibitively expensive or time consuming to 
do so. In such circumstances, the party that provided the Excess Assets Security may send a 
notice to the Trustee, with a copy to the Issuer, Swap Counterparty, Collateral Manager and 
Other Creditors or Obligees, within 5 Business Days of receipt of notice from the Trustee of the 
occurrence of the Excess Assets Event, notifying it of how to realise the Mortgaged Property 
(such notice an "Excess Assets Direction") (including in what order to realise assets) and 
requesting the Trustee to deliver any residual assets which form part of the Excess Assets 
Security (or to deliver any remaining proceeds of realisation of such assets) following the 
payment of all claims in respect of the Obligations or claims of the Custodian and/or any Agent 
to the party which provided such Excess Assets Security. Subject always to the Trustee being 
indemnified and/or secured (including by way of pre-funding) against any liability or cost which 
it may incur by so acting, the Trustee shall act in accordance with the terms of such Excess 
Assets Direction provided that if the Trustee determines (or any receiver, agent or other person 
appointed by the Trustee determines on its behalf) that (i) the realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property in the manner set out in the Excess Assets Direction will not realise sufficient funds to 
make payment of all the amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Obligations or claims 
of the Custodian and/or any Agent or (ii) effecting the realisation of the relevant assets in the

--- Page 80 ---
67 
manner set out in the relevant Excess Assets Direction will not realise sufficient funds to make 
payment of all the amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Obligations or claims of the 
Custodian and/or any Agent, the Trustee shall be entitled to treat such notice as if it had never 
been sent save to the extent that all claims and liabilities in respect of the Obligations or claims 
of the Custodian and/or any Agent are satisfied in full and there are residual assets or cash 
remaining after satisfaction of such liabilities and claims, in which case the Trustee shall deliver 
such residual assets in accordance with the Excess Assets Direction. Within five Business Days 
(or such longer period as may be agreed between the Trustee and the party that provided the 
Excess Assets Security) of receipt of any Excess Assets Direction, the Trustee shall 
acknowledge receipt of the same and, where it elects to treat such Excess Assets Direction as if 
it had never been sent in accordance with (i) or (ii) in the preceding sentence, it shall, in addition 
to such acknowledgment of receipt, notify the Issuer, Holders, Swap Counterparty, Collateral 
Manager and Other Creditors or Obligees of such election. Where an Excess Assets Direction 
is delivered, Clause 6.5 (Division of Transaction Security) of the Principal Trust Deed shall not 
apply. The Trustee (and any receiver, agent or other person appointed by the Trustee) and the 
Issuer shall incur no liability to any person from complying with the instructions in any Excess 
Assets Direction and the Trustee shall not be required to have any consideration of the interests 
of the Holders of Securities with respect to the implementation of any Excess Assets Direction. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in an Excess Assets Direction shall modify the manner in 
which the Trustee is required to apply monies received by it in connection with the realisation 
or enforcement of the Transaction Security pursuant to Clause 6.2 (Post-Enforcement) of the 
Principal Trust Deed. 
(g) 
Substitution of Mortgaged Property 
The Issuer may from time to time upon agreement with all the Noteholders or Warrantholders, 
as the case may be, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or, where the Trustee is 
satisfied that such substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or 
Warrantholders, as the case may be, upon agreement with the Trustee, and, in each case, with 
the prior written consent of each Other Creditor, substitute alternative secured assets for such 
of the Mortgaged Property as it may deem appropriate (provided, in each case, that notice is 
given to Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) and S&P (in the case of Notes rated 
by S&P) (each as defined in the Principal Trust Deed)). With effect from the date of the delivery 
of any such alternative secured assets, the payment obligations of the parties under the Swap 
Agreement and the Collateral Securities Agreement will be adjusted (subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 15(b) (Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments)) so that 
the payment obligations of the Issuer reflect the substitution of the original assets constituting 
Mortgaged Property and any Credit Support Document shall be adjusted (subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 15(b) (Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments)) such 
that references to the original assets constituting the Mortgaged Property shall be replaced by 
reference to such alternative secured assets. Any such alternative secured assets shall be held 
subject to the Transaction Security in favour of the Trustee and the Issuer shall execute such 
further documentation as the Trustee may require in order to constitute such Transaction 
Security as a condition to such substitution (which documentation shall include, as long as any 
Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of that stock exchange so require, a 
supplement to the Offering Circular Supplement setting out details of such substitute alternative 
secured assets). If the relevant Holders or, as the case may be, the Trustee (where satisfied as 
stated above) and each Other Creditor agree to such substitution, the Issuer shall notify the 
relevant Holders thereof in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and, if the Securities are 
listed on any stock exchange, the Issuer shall also notify such stock exchange of such 
substitution.  
(h) 
Issuer's Rights as Beneficial Owner of Collateral 
Until the Transaction Security becomes enforceable, the Issuer may exercise any rights in its 
capacity as beneficial owner of the Collateral only with the consent of the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution Direction and, if such direction or consent is given, the Issuer will act 
only in accordance with such direction or consent. In particular, the Issuer will not attend or 
vote at any meeting of holders of the Collateral Securities, or give any consent or notification

--- Page 81 ---
68 
or make any declaration in relation to the Collateral, unless the Trustee shall so direct or 
pursuant to an Extraordinary Resolution Direction. 
In this Condition 4(h): 
"Extraordinary Resolution Direction" shall mean a direction by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) of the relevant Holders. 
5. 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any of the Transactions remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the consent of the 
Trustee and any Other Creditors, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any 
business (other than acquiring and holding the Mortgaged Property, entering into Transactions (whether 
under the Programme or otherwise) including the issue of notes or warrants (as provided below), entering 
into any Credit Support Document and/or Other Obligations, entering into related agreements and 
transactions (as described below) and performing any act incidental to or necessary in connection with 
any of the foregoing) (provided that for the avoidance of doubt nothing shall prevent the Issuer from 
engaging an administrator, accountants, statutory auditors and legal and banking advisers), declare any 
dividends in excess of an aggregate annual amount of £1,200, have any subsidiaries or employees, 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities), 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as 
an entity to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in these Conditions and the Trust Deed) or issue 
any shares (other than such shares as were in issue on (i) 12 November 2004, in the case of the Issuer; or 
(ii) the date of the Acceptance Deed, in the case of the Specified Issuer). 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Holders or any Other Creditor but provided 
that the Trustee is satisfied that the restrictions of this Condition will be complied with) issue further 
notes (which may form a single series with the Notes) or issue further warrants (which may form a single 
series with the Warrants) and create or incur further obligations relating to such notes or warrants, as the 
case may be, provided that such further notes or warrants, as applicable, and obligations: 
(a) 
are secured (save in the case of such further notes or warrants forming a single series with the 
Notes or Warrants, as applicable) on assets of the Issuer other than (i) the Mortgaged Property; 
(ii) the assets on which any other obligations of the Issuer are secured; and (iii) the Issuer's share 
capital; 
(b) 
are issued or created on terms substantially in the form contained in Conditions 4(e) (Shortfall 
after Application of Proceeds) and 11 (Enforcement); 
(c) 
are, in the case of such further notes or warrants forming a single series with the Notes or 
Warrants, as applicable, secured pari passu with such Notes or Warrants upon the Mortgaged 
Property and such further assets of the Issuer upon which such further notes or warrants are 
secured, all in accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues); and 
(d) 
shall be notified to Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) and S&P (in the case of 
Notes rated by S&P). 
6. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
This Condition 6 shall apply to Notes only. This Condition 6 shall apply if the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions", "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions", "Structured Interest Note Provisions" and/or "Zero Coupon Notes Provision" is 
"Applicable". For the purpose of this Condition 6, any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the Fixed Coupon Amount, the Floating Coupon Amount or the Structured Interest 
Amount (each as defined below) when the context requires.  
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have meanings set out below:

--- Page 82 ---
69 
“Day Count Fraction” means, if specified as being “Applicable” in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, in respect of the calculation of an Interest Amount for any Interest Period, 
each of the following day count fractions (provided that the Day Count Fraction applicable to 
Floating Rate Notes denominated in euro shall be Actual/360): 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "Actual/Actual (ICMA)": 
(a) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date, the “Determination Dates” and each a 
“Determination Date”) that would occur in one calendar year; or  
(b) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(i) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "30/360 convention" and the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: 
the number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date 
(or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual": 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "Actual/365 (Fixed)", the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "Actual/365 (Sterling)", the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, 
in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "Actual/360", the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "30/360 convention, 360/360 convention" or "Bond Basis" and the Notes are variable rate 
Notes, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360

--- Page 83 ---
70 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is "30E/360 convention" or "Eurobond Basis", the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
- if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Day Count Fraction" 
is “30E/360 (ISDA)”, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 84 ---
71 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(i) 
Other definitions relating to the calculation of interest 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date from which a Note accrues interest (as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement). If no Interest Commencement Date 
is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the Issue Date shall be deemed to 
be the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Interest Period” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest 
Payment Date or such other period as is specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
“Interest Rate(i-1)” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
On the Issue Date, the relevant clearing systems debit and credit accounts in accordance with 
instructions received by them. 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment 
in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note (unless (a) in the case of a temporary or permanent Global Bearer Note, 
the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NGN 
form or (b) in the case of a Global Registered Notes, the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
indicates that such Note is intended to be in NSSGRN form), Receipt or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6(b) applies if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specify that the 
clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable".

--- Page 85 ---
72 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement contain provisions applicable to the determination 
of fixed coupon amount (the Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 6(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Offering Circular Supplement will specify, if applicable, the Interest 
Commencement Date the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Business Day 
Convention, the Fixed Coupon Amount(s), any applicable Broken Amount(s), Calculation 
Amount, Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Fixed Rate Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any 
Day Count Fraction as interest payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined 
by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to the Specified Denomination as it shall be set out in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6: 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note which bears one or more fixed rate(s) of interest applicable 
to the relevant Interest Period which may be either an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note or an 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note. 
“Adjusted Fixed Rate Note” means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount 
and the Interest Payment Date are subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 6(b)(ii). 
“Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note” means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest 
Amount and the Interest Payment Date remain, for the purposes of this Condition 6 (and without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6(d) (Rate of Interest for Structured Interest Notes)), 
unchanged and are calculated in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(b)(i). 
(i) Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date, as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
If the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so specified (the 
"Broken Amount"). 
Except in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes, where an applicable Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate(s) of Interest specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement to:  
- in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Notes represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
- in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive 
Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (if any), and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined in Condition 6(a) above) of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. Fixed Rate Notes 
may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day Count Fraction 
as interest payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by applying the Rate(s)

--- Page 86 ---
73 
of Interest to the Specified Denomination as it shall be set out in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive 
Bearer Note or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
(ii) Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
(A) Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, and such 
interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; provided that (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day, then if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specify that the clause 
"Business Day Convention" is: 
"Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
"Preceding Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
and the expression "Interest Payment Date" shall be construed accordingly. 
(B) The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Interest Amount") payable on the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to: 
(1) in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Notes represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or, 
if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(2) in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or 
Definitive Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer 
Note or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Adjusted 
Fixed Rate Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Reference Rate Notes 
This Condition 6(c) applies if (i) the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the 
clause "Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable"; or (ii) if Reference Rate Technical 
Annex applies.

--- Page 87 ---
74 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of floating coupon amount (the "Floating Coupon Amount") and must be read 
in conjunction with this Condition for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Offering Circular Supplement will specify the Floating Coupon 
Amount(s), the Interest Payment Date(s), the Business Day Convention, the method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, any Margin(s)/Spread(s), any 
Leverage Factor, any minimum rate of interest (the "Minimum Rate of Interest") or any 
maximum rate of interest (the "Maximum Rate of Interest") (whereby these latter elements 
may also be specified in the formula for the calculation of the Floating Coupon Amount 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), and any Day Count Fraction, and any 
rate multiplier (the "Rate Multiplier"). 
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day; (B) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or (C) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s) and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest 
Period on either: 
(1) the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; or  
(2) if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, each date (each such date, together 
with each Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, an "Interest Payment Date") numerically 
corresponding to the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date 
and which falls the number of months or other period(s) (the 
"Specified Period(s)") specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date (and if no Interest Commencement Date is specified, after the 
Issue Date). 
(iii) 
Floating Coupon Amount  
The Floating Coupon Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes will be determined by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 88 ---
75 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or Reference Rate Linked 
Notes as the case may be, will be determined pursuant to the provisions below as 
specified in the Offering Circular Supplement.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination  
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount" is "ISDA 
Determination", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Offering Circular 
Supplement) the margin(s) (the "Margin(s)"), (if any), which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be also referred to as the spread(s) (the "Spread(s) 
") in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) multiplied by any leverage 
factor (the "Leverage Factor"). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means, 
subject to the provisions of 6(c)(iv)(E) below, a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent or any other person 
specified in the Offering Circular Supplement, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and under which: 
(1) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement; 
(2) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement; and 
(3) the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement; 
(the "Hypothetical Swap Transaction") 
For the purposes of this subparagraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Euro-zone 
have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (the "2021 ISDA Definitions"). 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Offering Circular Supplement 
as the "Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount", 
unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Except if the provisions of 6(c)(iv)(C) to 6(c)(iv)(D) apply, in the Offering 
Circular Supplement, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of 
next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 89 ---
76 
(B) 
Standard Screen Rate Determination 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount" is "Standard 
Screen Rate Determination" or otherwise provide that "Standard Screen Rate 
Determination" applies, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 6(c)(iv)(E) below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the relevant screen page (the 
"Relevant Screen Page") as at the specified time (the "Specified Time") or 
the Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the 
relevant Reference Rate on the interest determination date in question (the 
"Interest Determination Date") as specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement plus or minus (as indicated in the Offering Circular Supplement) 
the Margin or Spread (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal office of 
each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
and multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), and multiplied by any Leverage 
Factor, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the

--- Page 90 ---
77 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank 
market (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the 
Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), and 
multiplied by any Leverage Factor.  
Where: 
"Reference Rate(s)" means, for the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iv)(B), as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the deposit rate, the 
interbank rate, the swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given to it, for each Reference Rate, in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. For instance, in case of a 
EURIBOR rate, the Reference Banks will be the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market. 
"Euro-zone" has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
In the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, when the clause "Reference 
Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect 
of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time, for which rates 
are available, of next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time, for which rates are available, of next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(C) 
Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount" is "Compounded 
RFR Screen Rate Determination" or "Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination" or otherwise provide that "Compounded RFR Screen Rate 
Determination" or "Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination" applies and 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or Reference Rate Linked Notes as the 
case may be, is based on an overnight risk-free rate (such as and without 
limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA, 
CORRA) (each an "Underlying Benchmark"), the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(c)(iv)(E) below, be such 
Reference Rate which is either (i) a Published Compounded RFR or (ii) a 
Published Averaged RFR, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement) the Margin (if any) multiplied by any 
Leverage Factor (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards).

--- Page 91 ---
78 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a "Published Compounded RFR" 
means the relevant Reference Rate as provided by the Administrator to 
authorised distributors and published at the specified time (the "Specified 
Time") on the relevant screen page (the "Relevant Screen Page") (each as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) and on a date (the 
"Interest Determination Date") (specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement or if none is specified, it shall be deemed to be on the 5th 
Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date), corresponding to the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment over a certain period of time 
(the" Tenor") calculated in accordance with any one of the RFR 
Compounding Methods described in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D) below (each as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a "Published Averaged RFR" means 
the relevant Reference Rate as provided by the Administrator to authorised 
distributors and published at the specified time (the "Specified Time") on the 
relevant screen page (the "Relevant Screen Page") (each as specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement) and on a date (the "Interest 
Determination Date") (specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement or if none is specified, it shall be deemed to be on the 5th Business 
Day preceding the Interest Payment Date), corresponding to the arithmetic 
average of the Underlying Benchmark as observed over a certain period of 
time (the "Tenor") calculated in accordance with any one of the RFR 
Averaging Methods described in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D) below (each as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement).  
(D) 
Determination of the Rate of Interest based on RFR Compounding Methods 
and RFR Averaging Methods 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount" is any of 
"Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Shift", 
"Compounding with Lockout" or "OIS Compounding" (each a "RFR 
Compounding Method" and together the "RFR Compounding Methods") 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period, will subject to Condition 
6(c)(iv)(E) below, be equal to (i) the Reference Rate corresponding to the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment over a certain Tenor 
calculated on the basis of an overnight risk-free rate such as without limitation 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or 
CORRA (each an "Underlying Benchmark" specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement) in accordance with any one of the RFR 
Compounding Methods described in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D) below, as 
determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date (each as specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) the Margin (if any), 
multiplied by any Leverage Factor (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); or  
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Method of 
determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount" is any of 
"Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation Shift", 
"Averaging with Lockout" or "Overnight Averaging" (each an "RFR 
Averaging Method" and together the "RFR Averaging Methods") the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period, will subject to Condition 6(c)(iv)(E) below, 
be equal to (i) the Reference Rate corresponding to the arithmetic average 
over a certain Tenor of an overnight risk-free rate (such as without limitation 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or 
CORRA) (each an "Underlying Benchmark" specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), in accordance with any one of the RFR

--- Page 92 ---
79 
Averaging Methods described in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D), as determined on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (each as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement) the Margin (if any), multiplied by 
any Leverage Factor (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards). 
D.1 Lookback 
D.1.1 If "Compounding with Lookback" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to:  
[product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD 
× ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
D.1.2 If "Averaging with Lookback" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the Reference 
Rate is equal to: 
[sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD)] 
× 1/d 
D.1.3 Definitions for Lookback  
For the purposes of D.1.1 and D.1.2:  
"Applicable Business Day" or "ABD" means in respect of: (i) any Underlying 
Benchmark other than the SOFR rate, any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of 
the relevant Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate; (ii) the SOFR rate, 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" is, for any Interest Period: 
- if "Compounding with Lookback" applies: the number of Applicable 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period except if the first calendar day 
of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is 
the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period plus 
one; or 
- if "Averaging with Lookback" applies: the number of calendar days in that 
Interest Period 
"Day Count Basis" means, if "Compounding with Lookback" applies, the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies for the 
Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 
or 360; 
"i" is: 
- if "Compounding with Lookback" applies: 
a. if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable 
Business Day, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing

--- Page 93 ---
80 
the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; or 
b. if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable 
Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, where i = 1 
represents the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i 
= 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; or  
- if "Averaging with Lookback" applies: 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar 
day in the Interest Period in chronological order from, and including, the first 
calendar day in the Interest Period. 
"Lookback r" means, the number of Applicable Business Days specified in 
the Offering Circular Supplement; if none is specified "Lookback r" shall be 
deemed to be equal to 5; 
"ni" means, if "Compounding with Lookback" applies, for any day "i", the 
number of calendar days from and including such day "i" to but excluding, the 
earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the 
last day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD" means: 
(a) subject to paragraph (b) below, for any Applicable Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, the level of the Underlying Benchmark specified in 
the Offering Circular Supplement in respect of the Applicable Business Day 
falling “Lookback_r” Applicable Business Days preceding "i" provided by its 
administrator to authorised distributors and published on the Relevant Screen 
Page on the Specified Time. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules 
of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of an Underlying Benchmark in 
respect of an Applicable Business Day “i” (the "Reset Date") may be provided 
by its Administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant 
Screen Pages, on a day (the "Fixing Day") which is either the same day as the 
Reset Date or one or more (the actual number being "p") Applicable Business 
Days before (“- p”) or following (“+ p”) the Reset Date (e.g. SONIA and 
SOFR) (with “p” = 0 if the Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the 
Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD shall be the Underlying 
Benchmark Level published on day i – Lookback r ABD "+ p" or “- p” 
Applicable Business Day(s); 
(b) if a "Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate" is specified in the 
Offering Circular Supplement, the Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback 
r ABD for any Applicable Business Day i-Lookback r ABD shall be either: 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) 
and the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); and 
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) 
and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any), 
as applicable.

--- Page 94 ---
81 
D.2 Observation Shift  
D.2.1 If "Compounding with Observation Shift" is specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, 
the Reference Rate is equal to: 
[product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count 
Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
D.2.2. If "Averaging with Observation Shift" is specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
[sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i)] 
D.2.3 Definitions for Observation Shift 
For the purposes of D.2.1 and D.2.2:  
"Applicable Business Day" means in respect of: (i) any Underlying 
Benchmark other than the SOFR rate, any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of 
the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate; (ii) the SOFR rate, 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"d0" is: 
 
-  if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, the number of Applicable 
Business Days in the Observation Period; or 
 
- if "Averaging with Observation Shift" applies, the number of calendar days in 
the Observation Period. 
 
"Day Count Basis" means, if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, 
the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies for the 
Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 
or 360; 
"i" is: 
- if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period; or 
- if "Averaging with Observation Shift" applies, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the Observation 
Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the 
Observation Period. 
"ni" is, if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier of  
(a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the Observation Period End 
Date for the relevant Observation Period (or the Observation Period End Date 
of the Set in Advance Observation Period as the case may be.

--- Page 95 ---
82 
"Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day" means a Business 
Day in the financial centers specified, as the case may be, for such purpose in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement otherwise if none is specified in 
the Offering Circular Supplement, there shall be no Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, for any Interest Period, (A) the period from, 
and including, the date "s" Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding 
the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Observation 
Period shall begin on and include the date falling "s" Observation Period Shift 
Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, 
the date "s" Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding the last day of 
the relevant Interest Period (the "Observation Period End Date") unless (B) 
Set-In-Advance Observation is specified as being Applicable in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, in which case the Observation Period shall be 
the Set-In-Advance Observation Period;  
"Observation Period Shift Business Day" means a day which is both an 
Applicable Business Day and, as the case may be, an Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day;  
"Set-In-Advance Observation Period" means in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period that would have been the Observation Period of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, if it had been determined on the basis 
of the definition of Observation Period above provided that in respect of the 
first Interest Period, the Set-In Advance Observation Period shall be as 
specified in the Offering Circular Supplement (the "First Set-In-Advance 
Observation Period"); 
"Underlying Benchmark Level i" means: 
(a) if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, and subject to paragraph 
c) below, for any Applicable Business Day "i", the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark specified in the Offering Circular Supplement in respect of such 
Applicable Business Day "i", provided by its administrator to authorised 
distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or  
(b) if "Averaging with Observation Shift" applies, and subject to paragraph (c) 
below:  
(i) for any Applicable Business Day "i", the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day "i", provided by its 
administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen 
Pages; 
(ii) for any day that is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the 
Underlying Benchmark in respect of the preceding Applicable Business Day 
in each case as provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
(c) if a "Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate" is specified in the 
Offering Circular Supplement, the Underlying Benchmark Level “i” shall be 
either: 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the 
Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); and 
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the 
Daily Capped Rate specified (if any), as applicable;

--- Page 96 ---
83 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, 
the level of an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business 
Day "i" (the "Reset Date") may be provided by its Administrator to authorised 
distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the "Fixing 
Day") which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual 
number being "p") Applicable Business Days before ("- p")  or following ("+ 
p") the Reset Date (e.g. SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if the Fixing Day 
is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in 
respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall be the Underlying Benchmark 
Level published on   “+ p” or "- p" Applicable Business Day(s) before or 
following such Applicable Business Day "i"; 
"s" is the number specified as the "Observation Shift" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement; if none is specified "s" shall be deemed to be 
equal to 5; 
D.3 Lockout 
D.3.1 If "Compounding with Lockout" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
[product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count 
Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
D.3.2 If "Averaging with Lockout" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the Reference 
Rate is equal to: 
[sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i x ni)]  x 1/d 
D.3.3. Definitions  
For the purposes of D.3.1 and D.3.2: 
"Applicable Business Day" means in respect of: (i) any Underlying 
Benchmark other than the SOFR rate, any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of 
the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate; (ii) the SOFR rate, 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" is, for any Interest Period: 
if "Compounding with Lockout" applies: the number of Applicable Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period, except if the first calendar day of the 
relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the 
number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period plus one; 
or 
if "Averaging with Lockout" applies: the number of calendar days in that 
Interest Period 
"Day Count Basis" means, if "Compounding with Lockout" applies, the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies for the 
Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 
or 360;

--- Page 97 ---
84 
"i" is: 
if "Compounding with Lockout" applies: 
a) if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable 
Business Day, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; or 
b) if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable 
Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, where i = 1 
represents the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i 
= 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
if "Averaging with Lockout" applies: 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar 
day in the Calculation Period in chronological order from, and including, the 
first calendar day in the Calculation Period;  
"Lockout Date" is the date "t" Lockout Period Business Days preceding the 
last day of the relevant Interest Period or, in respect of the last Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date (or the date falling “t” Lockout Period Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable;  
"Lockout Period" is the period from, and including, the Lockout Date to, but 
excluding, the last day of the Interest Period or, in respect of the last Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date (excluded); 
"Lockout Period Business Day" means: 
(i) a Business Day in the financial centers specified for such purpose in the 
Offering Circular Supplement; or 
(ii) if no financial centers are specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, an Applicable Business Day;  
"ni" is, if "Compounding with Lockout" applies, the number of calendar days 
from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) 
(a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period;  
"t" means:  
(i) the number specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement; or 
(ii) if a number is not specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
"t" shall be deemed to be equal to 5; 
"Underlying Benchmark Level i" means: 
(a) subject to paragraph (c), in respect of any day “i” other than a day “i” in 
the Lockout Period: 
(i) if such day "i" is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day "i" provided by its

--- Page 98 ---
85 
administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen 
Page on the Specified Time; or 
 (ii) if such day "i" is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the 
Underlying Benchmark in respect of the immediately preceding Applicable 
Business Day provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; 
(b) subject to paragraph (c), in respect of an Applicable Business Day “i” in 
the Lockout Period, the level of the Underlying Benchmark determined in 
respect of the Lockout Date as if the Lockout Date were an Interest 
Determination Date; or 
(c) if a "Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate" is specified in the 
Offering Circular Supplement, the Underlying Benchmark Level “i” for any 
Applicable Business Day “i” shall be either:  
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) or 
paragraph b), as applicable, and the Daily Floored Rate so specified; and 
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) or 
paragraph b), as applicable, and the Daily Capped Rate so specified, as 
applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, 
the level of  an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business 
Day "i" (the "Reset Date") may be provided by its Administrator to authorised 
distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the "Fixing 
Day") which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual 
number being "p") Applicable Business Days before ("- p")  or following ("+ 
p") the Reset Date (e.g. SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if the Fixing Day 
is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in 
respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall be the Underlying Benchmark 
Level published on   “+ p” or "- p" Applicable Business Day(s) before or 
following such Applicable Business Day "i". 
D.4 OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging  
D.4.1 if "OIS Compounding" is specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, then the Reference 
Rate is equal to: 
[product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count 
Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d  
D.4.2 If "Overnight Averaging" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, then the 
Reference Rate is equal to:  
[sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i)] 
D.4.1 Definitions  
For the purposes of D.4.1 and D.4.2:  
"Applicable Business Day" means, in respect of: (i) any Underlying 
Benchmark other than the SOFR rate, any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of

--- Page 99 ---
86 
the relevant Reference Rate; (ii) the SOFR rate, a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" is, for any Interest Period: 
- if "OIS Compounding" applies: the number of Applicable Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period except if the first calendar day of the relevant 
Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of 
Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period plus one; or 
- if "Overnight Averaging" applies: the number of calendar days in that 
Interest Period 
"Day Count Basis" means, if "OIS Compounding" applies, in respect of a 
Reference Rate, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily 
applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate and which is 
either 365 or 360. 
"i" is: 
if "OIS Compounding" applies: 
(1)  
if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable 
Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the 
relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; and  
(2) 
if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable 
Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, where i = 1 
represents the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i 
= 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; or  
if "Overnight Averaging" applies: a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, 
each representing the relevant calendar day in the Interest Period in 
chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Interest 
Period; 
"ni" is, if "OIS Compounding" applies, the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the 
next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the Interest Period or, in 
respect of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date;  
"Underlying Benchmark Level i" means for any day "i": 
(1) 
if such day "i" is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day "i" provided by its 
administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen 
Page on the Specified Time; or 
(2) 
if such day "i" is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark in respect of the immediately preceding Applicable Business Day 
provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time.  
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, 
the level of an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business

--- Page 100 ---
87 
Day "i" (the "Reset Date") may be provided by its Administrator to authorised 
distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the "Fixing 
Day") which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual 
number being "p") Applicable Business Days before ("-p")  or following ("+p") 
the Reset Date (e.g. SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if the Fixing Day is on 
the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect of 
an Applicable Business Day "i" shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level 
published on "+p" or “-p” Applicable Business Day(s) before or following 
such Applicable Business Day "i". 
(E) 
Events affecting Underlying Benchmarks and Reference Rates 
E.1 No Index Event has occurred  
(1)  
If ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(A), and the 
Floating Rate Option for the ISDA Rate in respect of the day for which it is 
required is not published by the Administrator or an authorised distributor and 
is not otherwise provided by the Administrator by either (a) the later of (I) the 
Reset Date (including any day that is deemed to be a Reset Date) and (II) the 
Fixing Day (both as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) or (b) such other 
date on which the Reference Rate is required under the Hypothetical Swap 
Transaction, then the Calculation Agent will determine the ISDA Rate used to 
calculate the Rate of Interest by applying the fallback provisions of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating 
Rate Matrix (the “ISDA Matrix”) for a Temporary Non-Publication (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions). 
(2)  
If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 
6(c)(iv)(B), for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest, and if, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, (x) the Reference Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(B), and (y) 
an Index Event has not occurred, then the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the latest (1) offered quotation; or (2) 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
indicated in the Offering Circular Supplement or the Specified Time in the 
principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate, 
available immediately before the Interest Determination Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
and multiplied by any Leverage Factor. 
(3)  
If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen 
Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(C), for the purpose 
of determining the Rate of Interest and:  
 
(aa) if the Underlying Benchmark is any of €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA 
and TONA (each as defined below, the "Major Underlying Benchmarks" 
and each a "Major Underlying Benchmark"), and such Major Underlying 
Benchmark, in respect of the day for which it is required to be determined is 
not published on the Relevant Screen Page by its Administrator or an 
authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator by 
either (a) the later of (i) the Reset Date and (ii) the Fixing Day or (b) such 
other date on which the Major Underlying Benchmark is required, the level of 
Underlying Benchmark Level in respect of a day “i” used to determine the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as the last 
provided or published level of that Major Underlying Benchmark as at the 
Fixing Day or, if no Fixing Day applies to the Major Underlying Benchmark,

--- Page 101 ---
88 
as at the day on which that Major Underlying Benchmark was originally 
required; or  
 
(bb) if the Underlying Benchmark is other than a Major Underlying 
Benchmark and is not published on the Relevant Screen Page by its 
Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by 
the Administrator by either (a) the later of (i) the Reset Date and (ii) the Fixing 
Day or (b) such other date on which the Underlying Benchmark is required, 
then the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect of a day “i” used to 
determine the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (i) 
pursuant to the Temporary Non Publication Fallback of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as updated and amended as of the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes when the Underlying Benchmark specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement is also an Underlying Benchmark 
under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as if it were the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and using the 
Underlying Benchmark to determine the amounts due under such interest rate 
swap transaction or (ii) otherwise, as the latest available Underlying 
Benchmark Level provided by its Administrator and published on the 
Relevant Screen Pages. 
E.2 If an Index Event has occurred  
If an event affecting a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark occurs 
preventing the determination of the Rate of Interest of an Interest Period (the 
"Affected Interest Period"), the following provisions shall apply. 
 
E.2.1 
If ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(A), 
then (i) if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement is a Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Matrix, the Calculation 
Agent of the Notes will determine the ISDA Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest as if it were the Calculation Agent of the Hypothetical Swap 
Transaction by applying the fallback provisions of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
and the ISDA Matrix (as updated and amended as of the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes) for an Index Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event as appropriate (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions), or (ii) if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the Offering Circular Supplement is not a 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Matrix, the provisions in E.2.3 below shall 
apply. 
E.2.2 
If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 
6(c)(iv)(B) or if Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged 
RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(C), 
and the Underlying Benchmark is a Major Underlying Benchmark and:   
E.2.2.1 The Major Underlying Benchmark is €STR 
(1) 
If an Index Event with respect to €STR occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in 
these provisions, as defined in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR, will be the EUR 
Recommended Rate. 
 
(2) 
Temporary Non-Publication with respect to EUR Recommended Rate. If there 
is a EUR Recommended Rate before the end of the first T2 Settlement Day 
following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR but 
neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the 
EUR Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (3) below, in respect of 
any day for which the EUR Recommended Rate is required, references to the 
EUR Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided

--- Page 102 ---
89 
or published EUR Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided 
or published EUR Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which 
the EUR Recommended Rate is required, references to the EUR 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published €STR. 
 
(3) 
No EUR Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to EUR Recommended 
Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(i) 
there is no EUR Recommended Rate before the end of the first T2 
Settlement Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
with respect to €STR; or 
(ii) 
there is a EUR Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it,  
 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to €STR or the Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
with respect to the EUR Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be Modified 
EDFR. 
 
(4) 
References to EDFR. In respect of any day for which EDFR is required, 
references to EDFR will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published EDFR as at close of business in Frankfurt on that day. 
Where: 
“€STR” means the euro short-term rate (€STR) administered by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator). 
“EDFR” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the 
rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem, in respect of that day. 
"EDFR Spread" means  
(i) if no EUR Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with 
respect to €STR, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
€STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event or the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurred; or 
(ii) if a EUR Recommended Rate Index Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the EUR Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the EUR Recommended Rate Index Event occurred. 
“EUR Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including 
any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended 
as the replacement for €STR by: (i) the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR); or (ii) a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (a) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR) and/or (b) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each 
case for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate 
may be produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator) and 
as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by

--- Page 103 ---
90 
the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor, in respect of 
that day. 
"Modified EDFR" means in respect of any relevant day (including any day 
“i”), a rate equal to EDFR in respect of that day, plus the EDFR Spread.  
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in Euro. 
E.2.2.2 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SARON 
(1) 
If an Index Event with respect to SARON occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in 
these provisions, as defined in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON will be the NWG 
Recommended Rate. 
 
(2) 
Temporary Non-Publication with respect to NWG Recommended Rate. If 
there is an NWG Recommended Rate before the end of the first Zurich 
Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect 
to SARON but neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors provide 
or publish the NWG Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) 
below, in respect of any day for which the NWG Recommended Rate is 
required, references to the NWG Recommended Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published NWG Recommended Rate. 
However, if there is no last provided or published NWG Recommended Rate, 
then in respect of any day for which the NWG Recommended Rate is required, 
references to the NWG Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published SARON. 
 
(3) 
No NWG Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to NWG Recommended 
Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(i) 
there is no NWG Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Zurich Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SARON; or 
(ii) 
there is an NWG Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to SARON or the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be the 
Modified SNB Policy Rate. References to the SNB Policy Rate. In respect of 
any day for which the SNB Policy Rate is required, references to the SNB 
Policy Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published 
SNB Policy Rate as at close of business in Zurich on that day. 
Where:  
"Modified SNB Policy Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day (including 
any day "i"), a rate equal to the SNB Policy Rate in respect of that day, plus 
the SNB Spread. 
"NWG Recommended Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day 
(including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in

--- Page 104 ---
91 
2013 for the purpose of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland, and as provided by the Administrator 
of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, 
published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day. 
"SARON" means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight administered by SIX 
Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator). 
"SNB Policy Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day 
“i”), the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank, in respect of that day. 
"SNB Spread" means: 
(i) if no NWG Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
Zurich Business Day following the CHF Fallback Effective Date, the 
historical median between SARON and the SNB Policy Rate over an 
observation period of two years starting two years prior to the day on which 
the CHF Fallback Trigger Date occurs and ending on the Zurich Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the CHF Fallback Trigger Date 
occurs; or 
(ii) if an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with 
respect to the NWG Recommended Rate occurs, the historical median 
between the NWG Recommended Rate (or, in the absence of the NWG 
Recommended Rate, SARON) and the SNB Policy Rate over an observation 
period of two years starting two years prior to the day on which the Index 
Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG 
Recommended Rate occurs and ending on the Zurich Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the Index Cessation Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG Recommended 
Rate occurs, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
“CHF Fallback Effective Date” means the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SARON; and 
“CHF Fallback Trigger Date” means the day on which the Index Cessation 
Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to SARON occurs 
"Zürich Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business (including settling payments 
and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zürich. 
E.2.2.3 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SOFR  
(1) 
If an Index Event with respect to SOFR occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in 
these provisions, as defined in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR will be the Fed 
Recommended Rate. 
 
(2) 
Temporary Non-Publication with respect to Fed Recommended Rate. If there 
is a Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
with respect to SOFR but neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors 
provide or publish the Fed Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (3) 
below, in respect of any day for which the Fed Recommended Rate is required, 
references to the Fed Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to 
the last provided or published Fed Recommended Rate. However, if there is 
no last provided or published Fed Recommended Rate, then in respect of any

--- Page 105 ---
92 
day for which the Fed Recommended Rate is required, references to the Fed 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published SOFR. 
 
(3) 
No Fed Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to Fed Recommended Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(i) 
there is no Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR; or 
(ii) 
there is a Fed Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
with respect to the Fed Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be OBFR and 
references to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day for the purposes of 
any Fixing Day and any Applicable Business Day shall be read as references 
to a New York Fed Business Day. 
(4) 
Temporary Non-Publication with respect to OBFR. If neither the 
Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish OBFR, then, 
subject to paragraph (5) below, in respect of any day for which OBFR is 
required, references to OBFR will be deemed to be references to the last 
provided or published OBFR. 
 
(5) 
Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with 
respect to OBFR. 
 
If: 
 
(i) 
there is no Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR, or there is a Fed 
Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
subsequently occurs with respect to it; and 
(ii) 
an Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to OBFR also 
occurs, then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to OBFR (or, if the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to the Fed 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) is later, a Fixing Day occurring 
on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to 
SOFR or the Fed Recommended Rate, as applicable) will be the 
FOMC Target Rate and references to a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for the purposes of any Fixing Day and any Applicable 
Business Day shall be read as references to a New York City 
Business Day. 
 
(6) 
References to the FOMC Target Rate. In respect of any day for which the 
FOMC Target Rate is required, references to the FOMC Target Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published FOMC Target Rate 
as at close of business in New York City on that day. 
Where:  
“Fed Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including 
any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended

--- Page 106 ---
93 
as the replacement for SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for SOFR (which rate 
may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or another 
administrator) and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate 
is not provided by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised 
distributor, in respect of that day. 
“FOMC Target Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any 
day “i”), the short term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper 
bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range, rounded, if 
necessary, in accordance with the method set forth in Condition 6(n) 
(Rounding Generally), in respect of that day. 
"New York City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including settling 
payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
New York. 
"New York Fed Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Fedwire Securities Service or the Fedwire Funds Service 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. References in the 
Confirmation to “New York Fed” in respect of any day shall be construed as 
a reference to a New York Fed Business Day. 
“OBFR” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator), in respect of that day. 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate administered by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator). 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or a successor) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purpose of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
E.2.2.4 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SONIA  
(1) 
If an Index Event with respect to SONIA occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in 
these provisions, as defined in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA will be the GBP 
Recommended Rate. 
 
(2) 
Temporary Non-Publication with respect to GBP Recommended Rate. If there 
is a GBP Recommended Rate before the end of the first London Business Day 
following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA but 
neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the 
GBP Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (3) below, in respect of 
any day for which the GBP Recommended Rate is required, references to the 
GBP Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided 
or published GBP Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided 
or published GBP Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which 
the GBP Recommended Rate is required, references to the GBP

--- Page 107 ---
94 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published SONIA. 
 
(3) 
No GBP Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to GBP Recommended 
Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(i) 
there is no GBP Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
London Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SONIA; or 
(ii) 
there is a GBP Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to SONIA or the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to the GBP Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be the 
UK Bank Rate. 
(4) 
References to the UK Bank Rate. In respect of any day for which the UK Bank 
Rate is required, references to the UK Bank Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published UK Bank Rate as at close of 
business in London on that day. 
 
Where: 
 
“GBP Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including 
any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended 
as the replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of SONIA if the 
administrator of SONIA is a national central bank, or (ii) if the national central 
bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation or the 
administrator of SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee designated 
for this purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct Authority (or any 
successor thereto) and the Bank of England and as provided by the then 
Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator 
thereof, published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day.  
 
"London Business Day" means  a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including settling 
payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London. 
 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate administered by 
the Bank of England (or any successor administrator).  
 
“UK Bank Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day 
“i”), the official bank rate as determined by the Monetary Policy Committee 
of the Bank of England and published by the Bank of England from time to 
time, in effect on that day. 
E.2.2.5 The Major Underlying Benchmark is TONA  
(1) 
If an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect 
to TONA occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in these provisions, as defined in 
Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to TONA will be the JPY Recommended Rate. 
 
(2) 
Temporary Non-Publication with respect to JPY Recommended Rate. If there 
is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Business Day

--- Page 108 ---
95 
following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to TONA but 
neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the 
JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (3) below, in respect of 
any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the 
JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided 
or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided 
or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which 
the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended 
Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA. 
 
(3) 
No JPY Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to JPY Recommended 
Rate. 
 
If:  
 
(i) 
there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with 
respect to TONA; or 
(ii) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as 
applicable) will be determined in accordance with the provisions of E.2.3 
below. 
Where: 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including 
any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended 
as the replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Bank of Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another 
administrator) and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate

--- Page 109 ---
96 
is not provided by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised 
distributor, in respect of that day. 
"Tokyo Business Day" means  a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open  for general business (including settling payments 
and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo. 
Any rate determined pursuant to the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.2) 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
E.2.3 
(1) 
This provision applies if an Index Event occurs in respect of a Reference Rate 
or an Underlying Benchmark and: 
 
- 
ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(A) but the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the Offering Circular Supplement is not 
a Floating Rate Option of the ISDA Matrix; or 
- 
Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 
6(c)(iv)(B) above but the Underlying Benchmark is not a Major 
Underlying Benchmark; or 
- 
Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen 
Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(C) but the 
Underlying Benchmark is not a Major Underlying Benchmark; or 
- 
this condition applies pursuant to E.2.2.5 (The Major Underlying 
Benchmark is TONA) above; or 
- 
this condition applies pursuant to Condition 6(i) (Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Leverage Factor). 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
paragraph (2) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with paragraph (3) below) and any Conforming Changes (in 
accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)(F) below). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition shall act in 
good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate 
Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Holders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition. 
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in (3) below) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark 
(as the case may be) to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.3)); or 
 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in (3) below) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or 
Original Underlying Benchmark (as the case may be) to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all

--- Page 110 ---
97 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.3)). 
 
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
 
If an Index Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark and the Calculation 
Agent in respect of any rate determined pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.2) 
or the Rate Determination Agent in respect of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to any 
rate determined pursuant to the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.2), the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied any rate determined 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.2), to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
provided, however, that: 
              if an Index Event has occurred but the Applicable Fallback Effective Date has 
not occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Reference Rate 
or the Underlying Benchmark for the Affected Interest Period shall be 
determined pursuant to the provisions that would apply to the determination 
of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark as if no Index Event had 
occurred;  
and  
              if the Index Event has occurred but the Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
has not occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, and if the Reference 
Rate or the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement affected by the Index Event and used to determine the 
Rate of Interest of an Interest Period is a Term Rate determined before or at 
the beginning of such Interest Period and pursuant to the application of the 
provisions above, it will be replaced by a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate to be determined at the end or just after the end of an Interest Period as 
the result of the compounding or averaging of an overnight rate, as observed 
on dates during a period starting on or before the beginning of the Interest 
Period, as the case may be plus an Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate shall be used as from the Affected Interest Period and 
determined at the end or just after such Affected Interest Period.  
"Term Rate" means a benchmark that reflects the rate of return in the relevant 
market for one or more specified periods of time, with the relevant period of 
time to be specified in the Offering Circular Supplement as the Designated 
Maturity or as part of the Floating Rate Option.  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, or (ii) neither 
the Calculation Agent is able to determine a rate pursuant to Condition 
6(c)(iv)(E.2.2) nor the Rate Determination Agent appointed by it is able to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, and as the case may be, 
Adjustment Spread, prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the 
Issuer may decide either (x) no Replacement Rate will be adopted and the 
Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period will be equal 
to the latest available Reference Rate (based on the sequence of levels of 
Underlying Benchmark available to determine such latest available Reference 
Rate) or (y) to apply the provisions of Condition 7(l)(i) (Additional provisions 
relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event).

--- Page 111 ---
98 
(F) 
Conforming Changes 
Following the occurrence of an Index Event, the Calculation Agent may make 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including without 
limitation, changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the 
introduction or modification of any time delay or lag between the calculation 
or observation period of a rate and the related payment dates, the application 
of a mathematical formula to the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark 
and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the change of Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark 
to the Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with the 
prevailing market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary) and/or in order to adapt solutions 
provided by the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix that are designed 
for the OTC transactions to the context of the Notes (the “Conforming 
Changes”).  
These conforming changes shall be binding upon the Holders. 
(A) Notices 
Any Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and Conforming Changes 
(if any) determined under this Condition 6(c)(iv)(Rate of Interest) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), 
the Holders and the Couponholders.  
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Conforming Changes, if any. 
Any Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Conforming 
Changes (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Conforming Changes (if any) be final and binding on 
the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Holders 
and the Couponholders. 
(B) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 
6(c)(iv)(E.2.3) and 6(c)(iv)(F) (Conforming Changes), the Original Reference 
Rate with its Original Underlying Benchmark will continue to apply unless 
and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest. 
(G) 
Definitions 
"Adjustment Spread" means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Rate 
that the Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from (a) the Issuer to the Holders or (b) the Holders to the Issuer, in each case 
that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
or Underlying Benchmark with the Replacement Rate.

--- Page 112 ---
99 
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated 
transfer of economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure 
or tenor of the Replacement Rate by comparison to the Original Reference 
Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark. The Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or an Underlying 
Benchmark, the administrator for that Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark or, if there is no administrator, the provider of that Reference Rate 
or Underlying Benchmark; or in either case, any successor administrator or, 
as applicable, any successor administrator or provider. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, for a Reference Rate or an 
Underlying Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that either the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable 
law or regulation to use the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference 
Rate or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date from which the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark may no longer be used under any 
applicable law or regulation by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative screen reference rate or underlying 
benchmark which the Rate Determination Agent determines in accordance 
with this Condition in the same Specified Currency as the Notes to replace the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a 
press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) or that the Calculation 
Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark. 
“Applicable Fallback Effective Date” means the Index Cessation Effective 
Date or the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
recognized standing or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Index Cessation Effective Date” means: 
(1) the first date on which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, 
would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer published 
or provided; or 
(2) the first date on which the Applicable Benchmark would ordinarily have 
been published or provided and is either: 
(a) non-representative by reference to the most recent statement or publication 
contemplated in paragraph (iii) of the definition of Index Cessation Event and

--- Page 113 ---
100 
even if such Underlying Benchmark continues to be published or provided on 
such date; or 
(b) no longer published or provided. 
"Index Cessation Event" means, for a Reference Rate or an Underlying 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as 
applicable, that will continue to provide the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark;  
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or Underlying Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator or provider, as applicable, that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark; or 
(3) in respect of a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark announcing 
that (a) the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that 
such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is intended to measure and 
that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the 
awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain contractual 
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such 
supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts.  
If, for a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, (i) an event or 
circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or 
(ii) an Index Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute an 
Index Cessation Event and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event.  
“Index Event” means: 
(1) an Index Cessation Event; 
(2) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
(3) a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark is, with respect to over-the-
counter derivatives transactions which reference such Underlying Benchmark 
or Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may

--- Page 114 ---
101 
be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Underlying 
Benchmark or Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate 
Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established 
in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability 
Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 
July 2014. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the original Reference Rate or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Original Underlying Benchmark" means, in respect of an Original 
Reference Rate, the Underlying Benchmark of such Original Reference Rate. 
“Rate Determination Agent” means an agent appointed by the Issuer which 
may be (i) an Independent Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which may include 
one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the 
Issuer, (iii) the Issuer, (iv) an affiliate of the Issuer or (v) the Calculation Agent, 
accepting such role. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark:  
(1) the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark; or  
(2)  any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Relevant Screen Page" means such display page as may be specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of providing a 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, or (i) any successor display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially 
designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has 
not officially designated a successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display 
page, other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, 
designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from 
the sponsor).  
"Replacement Rate" means any rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Conditions 6(c)(iv)(E.2.2.1) to Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2.2.5) or 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate determined by the Rate Determination 
Agent. 
“Successor Rate” means an alternative screen rate or underlying benchmark 
which the Rate Determination Agent determines in accordance with this 
Condition as a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or 
Original Underlying Benchmark which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 115 ---
102 
(d) 
Rate of Interest for Structured Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Structured Interest Notes shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement and interest will accrue by reference to 
a formula as specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. The Offering Circular may 
apply one or more Technical Annexes which will set out additional terms and conditions in 
relation to the relevant underlying by reference to which the Rate of Interest is determined. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note to which Zero Coupon Note Provisions are applicable, is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i) (Zero Coupon 
Notes)). 
(f) 
Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by 
reference to a Rate of Exchange or a method of calculating a Rate of Exchange, the rate or 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
(g) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of partly paid Notes (other than partly paid Notes which are zero coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation (unless (a) in the case of a temporary or permanent Global Bearer Note, the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NGN form or (b) in 
the case of Global Registered Notes, the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that 
such Note is intended to be in NSSGRN form), payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date (as defined below). 
(i) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Leverage 
Factor 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(A): 
(i) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate(s) of Interest in respect of any 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
6(c)(iv) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate(s) of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(ii) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate(s) of Interest in respect of any 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
6(c)(iv) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate(s) of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iii) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the rate multiplier (the 
"Rate Multiplier") is "n/N" or " nb/Nb" for any Interest Period, then the Rate(s) of 
Interest in respect of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate

--- Page 116 ---
103 
Multiplier, subject always to the Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest as described above. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(i): 
"Administrator" means for a Floating Rate Option, the administrator of such Floating Rate 
Option as specified in the ISDA Matrix.  
"Benchmark Rate" means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of n) or, 
as applicable, Business Day (in respect of the definition of nb) of the relevant Interest Period: 
(A) if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Benchmark 
Rate" is "Reference Rate EURIBOR": 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is 
"EUR-EURIBOR" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
(without reference to any Reset Date). If on any Benchmark Day, such rate is not 
published by the Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the Administrator; 
(B) if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Benchmark 
Rate" is "Reference Rate EUR-CMS": 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is 
" EUR-EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (without reference to any Reset Date);  
(C) if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Benchmark 
Rate" is "Reference Rate SOFR-CMS": 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is 
"USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate 11:00" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (without reference to any Reset Date).  
If on any Benchmark Day, any of these rates is not published by the Administrator or an 
authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator or if an Index Event 
has occurred in respect of such rate, it will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid 
in accordance with the provisions of the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback or the Permanent 
Cessation Fallback or Administrator/Benchmark Fallback as the case may be, applying to such 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (without 
reference to any Reset Date) provided that if the applicable fallback provision is Generic 
Fallback Provisions then the rate shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of 
6(c)(iv)(E.2.3) above. 
For the purposes hereof, (i) the value of the Benchmark Rate on any calendar day of the relevant 
Interest Period which is not a Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the 
Benchmark Rate on the first preceding Benchmark Day and (ii) the value of the Benchmark

--- Page 117 ---
104 
Rate on each of the last four  T2 Business Days of any Interest Period shall be deemed to be the 
value ascribed to the Benchmark Rate on the fifth  T2 Business Day (or the Benchmark Day 
immediately preceding such fifth T2 Business Day if such fifth T2 Business Day is not a 
Benchmark Day) preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period. 
"Benchmark Day" means, if the relevant Benchmark Rate is: 
- EUR-EURIBOR or EUR-EURIBOR- ICE Swap Rate 11:00, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the T2 is operating; and 
- USD-SOFR-ICE Swap Rate, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open 
for business in New York. 
"Leverage Factor" means a number specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Lower Limit" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"n" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark Rate was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the 
Upper Limit, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"nb" means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark Rate was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the 
Upper Limit, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"N" means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period. 
"Nb" means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period. 
"Upper Limit" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
(j) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of 
those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on each Interest Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate such rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, the

--- Page 118 ---
105 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the relevant Holders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, 
if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 6(c)(i)(Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11 
(Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless 
the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Early Redemption Amount equal to Market Value 
The Issuer may specify in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement of the Notes that Early 
Redemption Amount is equal to Market Value in which case:  
"Early Redemption Amount" means an amount payable in respect of each Note and equal to 
its Market Value. 
"Early Redemption Date" means the later of the Scheduled Early Redemption Date and the 
5th Business Day following the last day of the Liquidation Period. 
"Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence (i) at any time prior to the Maturity Date of 
any of the events set out in Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (ii) at any time from and 
including the Issue Date to and including the Latest Determination Time of any of the early 
redemption events referred to in Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption) (to the extent 
applicable to the Notes), Condition 7(d) (Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation 
and other Reasons), Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 7(l) 
(Additional provisions relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event). 
"Early Redemption Event Determination Date" means (i) a date on which the Trustee 
declares the Notes due and repayable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) or 
(ii) the date on which an Early Redemption Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
(on behalf of the Issuer) to the Noteholders and, as long as the Notes are in global form, to the 
Clearing System.  
"Early Redemption Event Notice" means a notice to be delivered, at any time on or after the 
Issue Date and on or prior to the second Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, as soon as 
practicable after having been notified by the Issuer of the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event, by the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) to the Noteholders and, as long as the 
Notes are in global form, to the Clearing System giving notice of the occurrence of such event 
and setting out any relevant information evidencing the occurrence of such event at any time 
from and including the Issue Date up to the Latest Determination Time. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an event described in Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption) (to the extent applicable 
to the Notes), Condition 7(d) (Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation and other 
Reasons), Condition 7(g) (Technical Anne Redemption) or Condition 7(l) (Additional provisions 
relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event) need not be continuing on the date on which the 
Early Redemption Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to deliver an Early Redemption Event Notice shall not preclude 
the Issuer from notifying the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of one or more than one 
subsequent event(s) described in Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption) (to the extent

--- Page 119 ---
106 
applicable to the Notes), Condition 7(d) (Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation 
and other Reasons), Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 7(l) 
(Additional provisions relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event). 
"Latest Determination Time" means 5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on the second Business Day 
preceding the Maturity Date.  
"Liquidation Period" means the period commencing on, and including, the applicable Early 
Redemption Event Determination Date (the "Liquidation Period Start Date") and ending on, 
and including, the earlier of (i) the date on which the breakage cost has been determined under 
the relevant swap agreement and each relevant collateral asset has been sold or otherwise 
disposed of by or on behalf of the Issuer or, if later, the Scheduled Early Redemption Date and 
(ii) the 10th calendar day following the Liquidation Period Start Date; 
"Liquidation Value" means in respect of any collateral asset held by the Issuer as at the first 
day of the Liquidation Period, an amount equal to proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of 
such collateral asset by or on behalf of the Issuer (or, following any enforcement of the 
Transaction Security, by the Trustee (or its representative or any receiver appointed by it)) 
during the Liquidation Period (including any sale proceeds thereof) provided that if for any 
reason the relevant collateral asset has not been sold by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee 
(or its representative or any receiver appointed by it), as the case may be, by the end of the 
Liquidation Period, the Liquidation Value attributable to such collateral asset shall be equal to 
zero;  
"Market Value" means, in respect of a Note, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, 
which, on the Early Redemption Event Determination Date, shall represent the fair market value 
of the Note and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided 
to redeem the fair market value to the Noteholders (including the costs of unwinding any 
hedging arrangements entered into in respect of the Notes)) of preserving for the Noteholders 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the 
Notes, which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant Early 
Redemption Date. 
"Scheduled Early Redemption Date" means the date notified as such by the Calculation Agent 
(on behalf of the Issuer) in the Early Redemption Event Notice. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
If Reference Banks is chosen as primary source for floating rate Notes in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement and for so long as any Note is outstanding, or as may be otherwise provided 
in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, the Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times 
be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents. If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint another Reference Bank with an office in 
the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid.

--- Page 120 ---
107 
(n) 
Rounding Generally 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these General Terms and 
Conditions, such amounts will, if necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
7. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
This Condition 7 shall apply to Notes only. 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7 
or the relevant Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement) is extended pursuant to any option provided in the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement including the Issuer's or Noteholder's option in 
accordance with Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise 
of Issuer's Option) or 7(f) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders' Option), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment 
Amount specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. The outstanding 
nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if 
such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused on presentation (unless (a) in the case of a temporary or permanent Global 
Bearer Note, the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is 
intended to be in NGN form or (b) in the case of Global Registered Notes, the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NSSGRN 
form) of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to any option provided in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement including the Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option) 
or 7(f) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Option), 
each Note shall, unless the provisions of Condition 7(i) (Exchange of Notes) shall 
apply, be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, is its nominal amount) or, in 
the case of a Note falling within Condition 7(a)(i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
prior to the Maturity Date and the Early Redemption Amount of which is not 
linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption) or 7(d)(ii) (Withholding and 
Redemption of Notes for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default), shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (as defined and calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the "Amortised Face 
Amount" of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 121 ---
108 
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the "Amortisation Yield" (as set out in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement or which, if none is shown in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption) or 7(d)(ii) 
(Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation Reasons) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is 
not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6). The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 6(e) (Zero Coupon Notes).  
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c) 
(Mandatory Redemption) or 7(d)(ii) (Withholding and Redemption of Notes for 
Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 
(Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement or the applicable Technical Annex. 
(c) 
Mandatory Redemption 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement may specify that one or more of the following 
events applies: 
(i) 
any of the Collateral Securities becomes payable or repayable or becomes capable of 
being declared due and payable or repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for 
whatever reason (a "Collateral Securities Repayment Event"); 
(ii) 
unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, there is a payment default in respect of any of the 
Collateral Securities (a "Collateral Securities Default Event"); 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of any of the Collateral Securities are amended by contract, 
operation of law or otherwise such that an Obligor thereof shall no longer be obliged 
to pay the same amounts on the same days as originally contemplated in the terms and 
conditions of such Collateral Securities as of the Issue Date (a "Collateral Securities 
Restructuring Event"); 
(iv) 
a Credit Support Document, a Swap, a Collateral Securities Agreement, a Contract, a 
Deposit Agreement or an Other Agreement is terminated in whole for any reason other 
than as a consequence of, or pre-condition to, the substitution of any third party for a 
party to any of the foregoing contracts in accordance with their terms and conditions 
and unless alternative secured assets are substituted for such Credit Support Document, 
Swap, Collateral Securities Agreement, Contract, Deposit Agreement or Other

--- Page 122 ---
109 
Agreement pursuant to, and in accordance with, Condition 4(g) (Substitution of 
Mortgaged Property) prior to the date for such termination (an "Agreement 
Termination Event");  
(v) 
A Regulatory Event (as defined below) occurs: 
"Regulatory Event" means, following the occurrence of a Change in Law with respect 
to the Issuer and/or the party or parties so specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement (a "Regulatory Event Counterparty", and, together with the Issuer, each 
a "Relevant Entity") that, after the issue date of the Securities, (i) any Relevant Entity 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing prior to 
such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory 
capital charge however defined or collateral requirements for performing its 
obligations under the Securities or hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, 
including, without limitations, due to clearing requirements of, or the absence of, 
clearing of the transactions entered into in connection with the issue of, or hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under, the Securities, (ii) (x) it is or will become for any Relevant 
Entity impracticable, impossible (in each case, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts), unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited or contrary, in whole or in part, under 
any law, regulation, rule, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative or judicial authority, or power, applicable to such Relevant Entity or (y) 
the Relevant Entity would be required to obtain any licence, authorisation, approval, 
permit, registration from any governmental, inter-governmental, supranational 
authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof that it does not hold 
as of the issue date or to modify its by-laws to comply with the new requirements (a) 
to hold, acquire, issue, reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, or as the case may be, 
guarantee, the Securities, (b) to acquire, hold, sponsor or dispose of any asset(s) (or 
any interests therein) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in 
connection with the issue of the Securities or to hedge the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities, (c) to perform obligations in connection with, the Securities or any 
contractual arrangement entered into between the Issuer and the Regulatory Event 
Counterparty (including without limitation to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities) or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem all or a 
substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer's capital or the capital 
of any Regulatory Event Counterparty or to directly or indirectly sponsor the Issuer or 
any Regulatory Event Counterparty, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect 
on a Relevant Entity in connection with the issue of the Securities, 
"Change in Law" means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or 
ratification of any applicable new law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, 
any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) after the issue date of the Securities, (ii) the 
implementation or application of any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, 
without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) already in force on the 
issue date of the Securities but in respect of which the manner of its implementation or 
application was not known or unclear at the issue date, or (iii) the change of any 
applicable law, regulation or rule existing at the issue date of the Securities, or the 
change in the interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the 
issue date of the Securities of any applicable law, regulation or rule, by any competent 
court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to 
government (including any additional or alternative court, tribunal, authority or entity, 
to that existing on the issue date); and/or 
(vi) 
A Benchmark Redemption Event (as defined in Condition 7(l) (Additional provisions 
relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event)) occurs.  
If any event does so apply then the Issuer or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as 
applicable) shall give notice of the occurrence of such event as soon as reasonably 
practicable upon such occurrence (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed) to the Trustee and the Noteholders and upon the giving of

--- Page 123 ---
110 
such notice shall redeem each Note at its Early Redemption Amount, either in whole 
or, in respect of a Collateral Securities Repayment Event, a Collateral Securities 
Default Event or a Collateral Securities Restructuring Event, as the case may be, in 
part on a pro rata basis in a proportion of its Final Redemption Amount equal to the 
proportion that the nominal amount of the Repayable Assets (as defined below) bears 
to the nominal amount of all the Collateral Securities (including the Repayable Assets): 
In respect of a Collateral Securities Repayment Event, a Collateral Securities Default 
Event or a Collateral Securities Restructuring Event, all Collateral Securities in respect 
of which such event has occurred, together with any or all remaining Collateral 
Securities, as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (which may or may 
not form obligations of the same person as those which have become repayable or in 
respect of which there has been such a payment default), shall be deemed to have 
become immediately repayable (the "Repayable Assets"). 
Interest (if any) in respect of any Note redeemed following the occurrence of any 
Collateral Securities Repayment Event, Collateral Securities Default Event, Collateral 
Securities Restructuring Event, Agreement Termination Event, Regulatory Event or 
Benchmark Redemption Event shall be as set out in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
In the event of Notes becoming mandatorily due for redemption, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes early by making payment of the Early Redemption Amount, which 
may be less than the principal amount, and any accrued interest or other sums due 
under, of the Notes being redeemed. 
(d) 
Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation and other Reasons 
(i) 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges whatsoever, except to the extent required 
by FATCA or the Section 871(m) Regulations or imposed by any other applicable law.  
Where such deduction is required by law or an agreement made pursuant to FATCA 
or Section 871(m) Regulations or any other applicable law, no Issuer shall be obliged 
to make any additional payment in respect of the same. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, 
would be required by Irish law, or English law, as applicable, to withhold or 
account for tax or would suffer tax in respect of its income so that it would be 
unable to make payment of the full amount due (other than where such 
circumstance, tax charge or other imposition arises as a result of any 
withholding or deduction pursuant to FATCA), then the Issuer shall so inform 
the Trustee, and shall use all reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution 
of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved beforehand in 
writing by the Trustee and the Other Creditors as the principal obligor 
(provided that, in the case of any Series of rated Notes, such substitution will 
also be notified in writing to Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) 
and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P)), or to change its residence 
for taxation purposes to another jurisdiction approved beforehand in writing 
by the Trustee and the Other Creditors (provided that, in the case of any Series 
of rated Notes, such change will also be notified in writing to Moody's (in the 
case of Notes rated by Moody's) and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by 
S&P)); or 
(B) 
the Issuer is, or the Issuer on reasonable grounds satisfies the Trustee that the 
Issuer will be, subject to any circumstance (whether by reason of any law, 
regulation, regulatory requirement or double taxation convention or the 
interpretation or application thereof or otherwise) or to a tax charge (whether

--- Page 124 ---
111 
by direct assessment or by withholding at source) or other imposition by any 
jurisdiction which would make it illegal for the Issuer to maintain, or have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to comply with or satisfy, its 
obligations under the Supplement Trust Deed or in respect of the Notes, or 
materially increase the cost to it of complying with its obligations under the 
Supplemental Trust Deed or under the Notes or materially increase the 
operating or administrative expenses of the Issuer or the arrangements under 
which the shares in the Issuer are held or otherwise oblige the Issuer or the 
Trustee to make any payment on, or calculated by reference to, the amount of 
any sum received or receivable by the Issuer or the Trustee or by the Trustee 
on behalf of the Issuer as contemplated in the Supplemental Trust Deed other 
than where such circumstance, tax charge or other imposition arises as a result 
of any withholding or deduction pursuant to FATCA; or 
(C) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, 
would be required pursuant to FATCA, to withhold or account for tax or 
would suffer tax in respect of its income so that it would be unable to make 
payment of the full amount due, 
then the Issuer shall (in the case of Condition 7(d)(ii)(A), only if it is unable to arrange 
the substitution referred to therein) give notice as soon as is reasonably practicable 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) to the 
Trustee, the Noteholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the 
Counterparty, the Beneficiary, the Deposit Bank and the Other Party and upon the 
giving of such notice all but not some only of the Notes shall become due for 
redemption on the date specified in such notice at their outstanding Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption) above) (together with any 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold or account for tax set 
out in Condition 7(d)(ii)(A) arises as a result of: 
(A) 
the presentation for payment of any Note, Receipt or Coupon by or on behalf 
of a Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon to another 
paying agent in a Member State of the European Union; 
(B) 
any present or former connection of any Noteholder (or between a fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Noteholder if such 
Noteholder is an estate, a trust, a partnership, or a corporation) with 
Ireland(including, without limitation, such Noteholder (or such fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or 
resident thereof or being or having been engaged in a trade or business or 
present therein or having had a permanent establishment therein) otherwise 
than by reason only of the holding of any Note or receiving principal or 
interest in respect thereof; 
(C) 
the failure by the relevant Noteholder to comply with any applicable 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption from such tax or to provide information concerning nationality, 
residency or connection with Ireland; or 
(D) 
any combination of the immediately preceding paragraphs (A) through (C) 
inclusive, 
then Condition 7(d)(ii)(A) shall not apply. In such circumstances the Issuer shall 
deduct such taxes from the amounts payable to such Noteholder. In any such 
circumstances, all other Noteholders shall receive the due amounts payable to them 
and their Notes shall not be redeemed. Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event 
of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default).

--- Page 125 ---
112 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold or account for tax set 
out in Condition 7(d)(ii)(C) arises as a result of a Noteholder, or any related person, 
not being compliant with FATCA or failing to provide in a timely manner such 
information as the Issuer considers necessary or desirable for the Issuer, or any 
authorised agent of the Issuer, to comply with FATCA, and the Issuer elects to make 
such withholding in respect of such Noteholder then Condition 7(d)(ii)(C) shall not 
apply. In such circumstances the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts 
payable to such Noteholder or may alternatively give notice to the relevant Noteholder 
of redemption of their relevant Notes, and upon the giving of such notice, the relevant 
Notes held by (or on behalf of) such Noteholder shall become due for redemption on 
the date specified in such notice at their outstanding Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 7(b) (Early Redemption) above) (together with any interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption). In any such circumstances, all other 
Noteholders shall receive the due amounts payable to them and their Notes shall not 
be redeemed. Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
In the event of the Notes becoming due for redemption payment of the Early Redemption 
Amount shall be made, and may be less than the principal amount of, and any accrued interest 
and other sums due under, the Notes being redeemed. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the Offering Circular Supplement, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than five Business Days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period (the “Notice Period”) as may be specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, 
provided that in any case it shall not be less than five Business Days), redeem, or exercise the 
Issuer's option (as may be described in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) in relation 
to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise 
Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed specified in the Offering Circular Supplement and no greater than the 
maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of the Issuer's option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed or in respect 
of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as the 
Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with 
any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements and the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, where applicable (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or reduction in nominal amount or otherwise, 
in each case at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
So long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange and the rules of 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, the Issuer shall, once in each 
year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be filed with the 
Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin, or as specified by such other stock 
exchange or other relevant authority, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
In the event of an early redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 7(e), payment of the 
Optional Redemption Amount may be made subject to the operation of Condition 4(e) (Shortfall 
after Application of Proceeds), and therefore may be less than the principal amount of, and any 
accrued interest and other sums due under, the Notes being redeemed.

--- Page 126 ---
113 
In the event of an early redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 7(e), the Issuer, in the 
case of any Series of rated Notes, shall notify Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) 
and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P) in writing of the occurrence of such early 
redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Option 
If Redemption at the Option of the Holder is specified in the Offering Circular Supplement, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, upon the Holder of such Note giving not 
less than 15 Business Days notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period (the “Notice Period”) 
as may be specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, provided that in any case it 
shall not be less than 15 Business Days) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out in the Offering 
Circular Supplement (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Holder must 
deposit (in the case of Global Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with the Issuing and Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Registered Note with any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together 
with a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Option Exercise Notice") in or substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, copies of which are obtainable from the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
In the event of an early redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 7(f), payment of the 
Optional Redemption Amount may be made subject to the operation of Condition 4(e) (Shortfall 
after Application of Proceeds), and therefore may be less than the principal amount of, and any 
accrued interest and other sums due under, the Notes being redeemed. 
In the event of an early redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 7(f), the Issuer, in the 
case of any Series of rated Notes, shall notify Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) 
and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P) in writing of the occurrence of such early 
redemption. 
(g) 
Technical Annex Redemption 
In the case of Equity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes, Reference Rate 
Linked Notes and Dividend Linked Notes the applicable Offering Circular Supplement may 
specify that Technical Annex redemption is applicable ("Technical Annex Redemption"). If 
Technical Annex Redemption is specified as applicable then, following a determination by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable Technical Annex 
that the Issuer is to terminate its obligations in respect of the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 7(g), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as is reasonably practicable (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) to the Trustee, the Noteholders, the 
Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the Counterparty, the Beneficiary, the Deposit 
Bank and the Other Party and upon the giving of such notice all but not some only of the Notes 
shall become due for redemption on the date specified in such notice at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) (together with any 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption). 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7 and the provisions specified in the Offering 
Circular Supplement.

--- Page 127 ---
114 
(i) 
Exchange of Notes 
(i) 
If the Supplemental Trust Deed specifies that the Notes are Exchangeable Notes, upon 
the occurrence of an event (the "Exchange Event"), as specified in the Supplemental 
Trust Deed, the Issuer, in the case of any Series of rated Notes, shall notify Moody's 
(in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P) 
in writing of the occurrence of such Exchange Event and shall deliver, or cause to be 
delivered, to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of entitled 
Noteholders on the Exchange Settlement Date (as defined below) the Securities 
Entitlement (as defined below) relating to the Notes presented and surrendered in 
accordance with this Condition in lieu of redeeming the Notes. Notes presented and 
surrendered by a Noteholder shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Securities Entitlement of that Noteholder. If the aggregate Securities 
Entitlement of a Noteholder does not comprise a nominal amount of Collateral 
Securities equal to an integral multiple of the minimum denomination of the Collateral 
Securities, the Issuer shall not deliver Collateral Securities in a nominal amount equal 
to a fraction of the minimum denomination of the Collateral Securities but shall 
account to each affected Noteholder for the net cash value (if any) of any such fraction, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall not deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Securities Entitlement in 
respect of any Exchangeable Notes unless such Note has been presented and 
surrendered together with a notification in writing (a "Delivery Notice") specifying 
either an account in the Clearing System or such account broker or other method for 
delivery of Collateral Securities (in or substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement, copies of which are available at the specified office of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent) to the Issuing and Paying Agent on any business day in London during 
the period (the "Notice Delivery Period") specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
The Notes shall cease to be outstanding on the first day on or after the Exchange 
Settlement Date upon which the Issuer makes the aggregate Securities Entitlement 
available for delivery in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
If there is a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) that prevents settlement 
on the Exchange Settlement Date (as defined below), then settlement shall be on the 
first succeeding day on which settlement can take place unless a Settlement Disruption 
Event exists for a period of 30 calendar days after the original date on which, but for 
the Settlement Disruption Event, settlement would have occurred. If settlement does 
not occur during such 30 calendar day period, the Issuer shall use best efforts to deliver 
the Collateral Securities comprising the aggregate Securities Entitlement promptly 
thereafter to a nominee selected by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. 
(j) 
Purchases 
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the realisation of no 
more than the equivalent proportion of the Collateral Securities, for the reduction in the notional 
amount of any Other Obligation and for the purchase of the Notes, which transactions will leave 
the Issuer with no assets or net liabilities in respect thereof, it may purchase Notes (provided 
that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are 
attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be surrendered for cancellation, in the 
case of Global Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering such Notes to the Registrar and, in 
each case, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith on behalf 
of the Issuer (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not

--- Page 128 ---
115 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
(l) 
Additional provisions relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i) 
This Condition applies if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "EU 
Benchmark Regulation - Benchmark" is “Applicable”. Upon the occurrence or likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
defined in Condition 6(c)(iv)(G) above) in case of Floating Rate Notes as described in Condition 
6(c)(iv)(A) above, on or after the Issue Date and if the Calculation Agent has not been able to 
determine a Replacement Rate and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iv)(E.2) above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith, may either: 
(A) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that case, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination and notification of such 
determination shall be a "Benchmark Redemption Event"; or  
(B) apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(ii) 
This Condition applies if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "EU 
Benchmark Regulation - Benchmark" is “Applicable”. Upon the occurrence or likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Benchmark Event affecting an 
Underlying and/or the Collateral Securities (the "Affected Underlying(s)") on or after the Issue 
Date, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
adjust the Affected Underlying(s) as it may determine appropriate to account 
for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such 
adjustments may include selecting a successor Underlying and/or Collateral 
Securities (in the case of an Underlying and/or Collateral Securities which is 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector), and making any 
other change or adjustment to the terms of the Notes and any provisions of 
the Swap, the Contract and/or other related transaction agreement (the 
"Related Transaction Agreements") including where applicable to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or the 
Collateral Manager, and/or the Counterparty providing such exposure to the 
successor Underlying and/or the Collateral Securities and, in the case of more 
than one successor Underlying and/or Collateral Securities, making provision 
for allocation of exposure between the successor Underlying and/or the 
Collateral Securities. In that case, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to 
the Issuer and the Trustee (which notice the Trustee shall be entitled to rely 
on without further enquiry or investigation) and the Issuer shall, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, make such changes and/or adjustments as may be 
directed by the Calculation Agent and give notice accordingly to the 
Noteholders; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph (A) above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may 
either: 
(1) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the 
Notes. In that case, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such determination and notification of such determination shall be a 
"Benchmark Redemption Event"; or  
(2) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 
8),

--- Page 129 ---
116 
Where: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, 
(a) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended 
or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that either the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law 
or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes; or (b) a Benchmark Additional Event, in each 
case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark" means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in the EU 
BMR and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes and/or 
the Collateral Securities, or the value of the Notes and/or the Collateral 
Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Additional Event" means in respect of a Benchmark: 
(a) 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent has become or will become 
subject to material additional regulatory obligations (such as, but not 
limited to, regulation as a benchmark administrator under the EU 
BMR due to its role in relation to the Notes); or 
(b) 
the methodology for the Benchmark has changed or will change and 
as a direct result it has or will become uneconomic for the Issuer 
and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or the Collateral Manager and/or 
the Counterparty to continue to perform their obligations in relation 
to the Notes and/or the Related Transaction Agreements. 
“Benchmark Cessation” means, for a Benchmark, the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark;  
(iii) in respect of a Benchmark, a public statement or publication of 
information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such 
Benchmark announcing that (a) the regulatory supervisor has determined that 
such Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be 
restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or

--- Page 130 ---
117 
publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in 
contracts; or 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” 
(regardless of how it is actually defined or described in the definition of the 
Benchmark) in relation to which a priority fallback is specified. 
If, for a Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes 
a Benchmark Cessation or (ii) a Benchmark Cessation and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same 
time, it will in either case constitute a Benchmark Cessation and will not 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Benchmark, any of the following 
has occurred or will occur: 
(i)    a Benchmark Cessation;  
(ii)    an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in this Condition 7(l)(ii)); 
or 
(iii) a Benchmark which is a Reference Rate as defined in Condition 
6(c)(iv)(B) is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development 
(which may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such 
Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), 
replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to 
comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper 
titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014. 
"EU BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011), as amended. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to 
any other terms of the Notes. In the event that under any such terms any other 
consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(m) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition: 
"Clearing System" means each of Clearstream, Euroclear (if specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement) and, in relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, Euronext Dublin (in 
relation to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin) and the relevant Dealer, and references to 
"Clearing System" or "Clearing Systems" are references to one or more of the Clearing 
Systems as may be relevant in respect of any Series of Notes; 
"Exchange Settlement Date" means the date specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the Supplemental Trust Deed or, if such date is not a day on which the Clearing 
System is open for business, the next following day that is; 
"Securities Entitlement" means, in respect of each Exchangeable Note, the nominal amount of 
Collateral Securities specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed to which a Holder of such Note 
may be entitled upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event; and

--- Page 131 ---
118 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer and the 
relevant Noteholder as a result of which (i) in the case of Collateral Securities held through a 
Clearing System, such Clearing System cannot clear transfers, or (ii) transfers cannot be made, 
of the Collateral Securities comprising the Securities Entitlement of such Noteholder. 
8. 
MONETISATION 
Monetisation until the Maturity/Expiration Date 
(a) 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date (in respect of Notes only) 
Following the occurrence of an event and/or election (as per the relevant Technical Annex) 
giving rise to application of monetisation as per this Condition 8, then the Issuer shall no longer 
be liable for the payment of (A) the Intermediate Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on 
any Intermediate Payment Date and/or (B) the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional 
Redemption Date and/or (C) the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations pay an amount described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and/or (iii) below: 
(i) 
Monetisation of any Intermediate Amount 
(A) 
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement which could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(a) the Issuer shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based on (a) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place 
with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hedge Positions) 
minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary 
into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) 
interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") 
between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hedge Positions 
shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its 
Intermediate Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above 
can be as low as zero; or 
(B) 
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement which cannot be in any case lower 
than an amount strictly positive (the "Minimum Intermediate Amount") 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(a), the Issuer shall pay (a) on the 
Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note equal to the Minimum 
Intermediate Amount and (b) on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, 
between:

--- Page 132 ---
119 
(1) 
the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a Hypothetical 
Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the Intermediate 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities 
in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Intermediate Hedge Positions) minus 
(2) 
the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into 
the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date is a “Calculation Amount” 
for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) 
together with (3) interest that would have accrued on such 
Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a “Calculation Period”) between (x) 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded); and 
(3) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hedge Positions 
shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its 
Intermediate Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above 
can be as low as zero; and/or 
(ii) 
Monetisation of any Optional Redemption Amount 
(A) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Optional Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement could be as low as 
zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(a), the Issuer shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based on (a) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) minus (b) the 
Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that 
would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") 
between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall 
be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred 
by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; 
or

--- Page 133 ---
120 
(B) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Optional Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement which cannot be in 
any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the "Optional Minimum 
Redemption Amount") 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8 (a), the Issuer shall pay: 
(1) 
(a) on the Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note equal to 
the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount and (b) on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the positive difference, if any, between: (1) the net positive 
cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a Hypothetical Investor would 
be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of 
liquidating, the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying 
any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds 
of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) minus (2) the 
Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date is a "Calculation Amount" for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) 
together with (3) interest that would have accrued on such 
Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") between (x) 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded); and 
(2) 
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall 
be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred 
by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero, 
(iii) 
Monetisation of the Final Redemption Amount 
(A) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement could be as low as 
zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(a), the Issuer shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based on (a) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the Full 
Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of 
such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, 
converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for 
the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with 
(c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to 
the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") 
between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded).

--- Page 134 ---
121 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or a Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed 
to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Hedge 
Entity or a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; or 
(B) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement which cannot be in 
any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the "Minimum Redemption 
Amount") 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(a), the Issuer shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the sum of (a) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (b) an amount, 
equal to the positive difference, if any, between: 
(1) 
(1) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) minus (2) 
the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into 
the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) 
together with (3) interest that would have accrued on such 
Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") between (x) 
the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Maturity Date (excluded); and 
(2) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions shall be 
deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and 
the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
(b) 
Monetisation until the Expiration Date (in respect of Warrants only) 
Following the occurrence of an event and/or election (as per the relevant Technical Annex) 
giving rise to the application of monetisation per this Condition 8, then the Issuer shall no longer 
be liable for the payment of (A) the Optional Cancellation Amount on the Optional Cancellation 
Date and/or (B) the Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement on the Expiration Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations pay an amount as described in sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) below: 
(i) 
Monetisation of an Optional Cancellation Amount 
(A) 
In respect of the cancellation of Warrants whose Optional Cancellation 
Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement could be 
as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall pay on the 
Expiration Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based on (a) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the Optional

--- Page 135 ---
122 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) minus (b) the 
Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that 
would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") 
between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Expiration Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall 
be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred 
by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; 
or 
(B) 
In respect of the cancellation of Warrants whose Optional Cancellation 
Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement which 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the "Optional 
Minimum Cancellation Amount") 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall pay (a) on the 
Optional Cancellation Date an amount per Warrant equal to the Optional 
Minimum Cancellation Amount and (b) on the Expiration Date an amount per 
Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive 
difference, if any, between: 
(1) 
(1) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the 
Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Optional Hedge Positions) minus (2) the Associated Costs (the result 
of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this provision 
and of the Compounding Method) together with (3) interest that 
would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of 
this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
"Calculation Period") between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date (excluded); and 
(2) 
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Cancellation Amount, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall 
be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred 
by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; 
and/or,

--- Page 136 ---
123 
(ii) 
Monetisation of any Settlement Amount 
(A) 
In respect of the settlement of Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall pay on the 
Expiration Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based on (a) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the Full 
Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of 
such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, 
converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for 
the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with 
(c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to 
the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") 
between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Expiration Date (excluded), 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the 
Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions shall be 
deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and 
the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; or 
(B) 
In respect of the settlement of Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement which cannot be in any case 
lower than an amount strictly positive (the "Minimum Settlement Amount") 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall pay on the 
Expiration Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the sum of (a) the Minimum Settlement Amount and (b) an amount, 
equal to the positive difference, if any, between: 
(1) 
(1) the net positive cash amount that the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor (as the case may be) would be left with on the 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) minus (2) 
the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into 
the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) 
together with (3) interest that would have accrued on such 
Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") between (x) 
the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Expiration Date (excluded); and 
(2) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hedge Entity or a 
Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, 
if any, incurred by the Hedge Entity or a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.

--- Page 137 ---
124 
Where Condition 8(b)(ii)(A) or Condition 8(b)(ii)(B) above applies to any Warrant, no Holder of such 
Warrants shall be entitled to deliver an Exercise Notice or otherwise exercise its Warrants and such 
Warrants shall be settled only in accordance with the foregoing Condition 8(b)(ii)(A) or Condition 
8(b)(ii)(B), as the case may be. 
Definitions specific to Condition 8: 
"Adjusted Calculation Amount" means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation 
Period, the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding 
Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous Compounding 
Periods in that Calculation Period; 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion 
equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, 
expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be 
in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, 
the Optional Hedge Positions, and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be, such amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each outstanding Note or pro rata amongst 
each Outstanding Warrant, as the case may be; 
"Calculation Agent" shall have the meaning prescribed to such term in the applicable Technical Annex; 
"Compounding Date" means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such Calculation 
Period; 
"Compounding Method" means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the 
Compounding Period Amounts for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period; 
"Compounding Period" means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a 
Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that 
Calculation Period; 
"Compounding Period Amount" means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the 
Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction; 
"Compounding Rate" means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight rate 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant 
Compounding Period; the specific Compounding Rate used in respect of a Specified Currency shall be 
available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in 
a Compounding Period (the first included and the last excluded), divided by 360; 
"Expiration Date" means the date specified as such in the Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant 
Warrant; 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date or Expiration Date, the date on which 
the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds 
of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully 
received by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be; 
"Hedge Entity" means the (i) Issuer and/or (ii) any party and/or such party's affiliates (which may, for 
the avoidance of doubt, include Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates) with which the Issuer enters 
into one or any number of arrangements on arm's length terms in order to hedge the Issuer's obligations 
to make any payment in respect of the relevant Securities; 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Hedge Entity or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options,

--- Page 138 ---
125 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, part or all of the Hedge Entity's, or a Hypothetical Investor's, as the case may be, obligations under 
the Securities due on, in the case of Notes, the Maturity Date or, in the case of Warrants, the Settlement 
Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation 
Date (in the case of Notes only) and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before: 
(i) in the case of Notes, the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date or (ii) in the case of 
Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Expiration Date and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement 
Date, then in each case, Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and/or the 
Optional Hedge Positions; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable 
Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the 
tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence 
Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, exemption 
or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws 
or arrangements;  
"Intermediate Amount" means either an Interest Amount or an Instalment Amount; 
"Intermediate Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date on 
which the liquidation proceeds of the Intermediate Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying 
any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if 
any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hedge Entity or by a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be; 
"Intermediate Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Hedge 
Entity or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in 
securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on 
a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes due on an Intermediate Payment 
Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note; 
"Intermediate Payment Date" means either an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment Date specified 
as such in the Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Notes; 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant 
Notes; 
"Optional Cancellation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement of the relevant Warrants; 
"Optional Cancellation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement of the relevant Warrants; 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement of the relevant Notes; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement of the relevant Notes; 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date or an Optional 
Cancellation Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions) 
are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hedge Entity or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be;

--- Page 139 ---
126 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Hedge Entity 
or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities due on an Optional Redemption Date or an 
Optional Cancellation Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security; and 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the 
Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the 
Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
9. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
This Condition 9 (other than Conditions 9(d) and 9(g)) shall not apply to Warrants. 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation (unless in the case of a temporary or permanent Global Bearer 
Note, the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in 
NGN form) and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented 
for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 9(e)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 9(e)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any paying 
agent outside the United States and its possessions by a cheque payable in the relevant currency 
drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or in the case of euro 
in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 9(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes 
shall be made against presentation (unless in the case of a Global Registered Note, the 
relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in 
NSSGRN form) and surrender of the relevant Registered Notes at the specified office 
of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 9(b) shall include all Instalment 
Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to 
the person shown on the Register at the close of business on (i) in the case of Global 
Registered Notes, the Business Day prior to; or (ii) in the case of Definitive Registered 
Notes, the fifteenth day before, the due date for payment thereof (in each case, the 
"Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the 
relevant currency drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such currency concerned, subject as provided in paragraph (a) above, and mailed to the 
Holder (or to the first named of joint Holders) of such Note at its address appearing in 
the Register. Upon application by the Noteholder to the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and, subject as provided in paragraph (a) 
above, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency.

--- Page 140 ---
127 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA 
and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Couponholders or Warrantholders, 
as the case may be, in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents and Custodian 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Warrant Agent, the Registrar, the Warrant Authentication 
Agent, the Transfer Agents, the Custodian and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Warrant Agent, the Registrar, the Warrant Authentication Agent, the Transfer Agents, the 
Custodian and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Warrantholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Warrant Agent, the Registrar, 
the Warrant Authentication Agent, any Transfer Agent, the Custodian or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other (in which cases, such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld provided any such additional or other Agent is a leading bank or 
investment banking firm) Registrars or Warrant Authentication Agent or Transfer Agents or 
Custodians or Calculation Agent(s), provided that at the time of such variation or termination, 
no downgrading of any rating assigned to the Notes shall result and provided further that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent; (ii) a Warrant Agent; (iii) a 
Registrar in relation to Registered Securities; (iv) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered 
Securities; (v) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; (vi) a 
Custodian; and (vii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which 
the Securities may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Holders. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such 
due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them.

--- Page 141 ---
128 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(unless (i) in the case of a temporary or permanent Global Bearer Note, the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NGN form 
or (ii) in the case of a Global Registered Note, the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NSSGRN form) (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Registered Note, as the case 
may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall 
be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation (unless (i) in the case of a 
temporary or permanent Global Bearer Note, the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NGN form or (ii) in the case 
of a Global Registered Note, the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that 
such Note is intended to be in NSSGRN form) of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Payment Business Days 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, or Warrant, 
as the case may be, is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Payment Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. 
(h) 
Payment Disruption Event 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a "Payment Disruption Date") for payment of an Interest 
Amount, a Final Redemption Amount, an Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount 
(if any) payable under any Note, Receipt or Coupon (as the case may be), or for payment of a 
Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount, an Optional Cancellation Amount or such other 
amount (if any) payable under any Warrant, a Payment Disruption Event occurs as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice of such occurrence to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. Following 
the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event:  
(a) 
the date for payment of such Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
(as the case may be), or the date for payment of such Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount, 
Optional Cancellation Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Warrant (the 
"Disrupted Amount") will be postponed to (i) the second Business Day following the date on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that the Payment Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting; or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following the scheduled due date 
for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the "Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date (in the case 
of Notes) or Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants); and

--- Page 142 ---
129 
(b) 
(i) in the case of (a)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less 
Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the Specified Currency or (ii) in the case of (a)(ii) 
above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in the relevant Specified Currency, the 
Issuer will, subject to the paragraph below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the 
Payment Disruption Currency (using the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant 
Payment Disruption Date) and will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less the Payment 
Disruption Expenses (if any) in the Payment Disruption Currency on the Payment Disruption 
Cut-off Date.  
(c) 
If sub-paragraph (b)(ii) above applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Payment Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner in accordance with the following procedures:  
(A) the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of 
the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment Disruption Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or  
(B) if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer Specified 
Currency/Payment Disruption Currency exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement 
of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition, and no additional interest will be paid in 
respect of any postponement of the date for payment.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent from making any other determination under the Terms and Conditions.  
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or 
payment made in a Payment Disruption Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition shall constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
"Payment Disruption Currency" means Euro or USD, as selected in a commercially 
reasonable manner by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent;  
"Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, 
impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted Amount in the Specified Currency 
on the Payment Disruption Date, including, without limitation, any decision by a Clearing 
System to stop accepting the Specified Currency as a settlement currency for its operations and 
transactions, including, without limitation, the payment of income and/or redemption amounts 
in respect of the Securities;  
"Payment Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Specified 
Currency and the Payment Disruption Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Payment Disruption Expenses" means, unless it is being specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer, Societe Generale 
and/or its affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Securities, and (ii) 
any transaction, payment or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a 
Payment Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 143 ---
130 
(i) 
Sanctions 
If on or prior to a due date for payment of an Interest Amount, a Final Redemption Amount, an 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon (as the case may be), or for payment of a Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount, an 
Optional Cancellation Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Warrant, a 
Sanctions Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give 
notice of such occurrence to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.  
Following the occurrence of a Sanctions Disruption Event:  
(A) the date for payment of such Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Instalment 
Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Note, Receipt or Coupon (as the case 
may be), or the date for payment of such Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount, Optional 
Cancellation Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Warrant (the "Disrupted 
Amount") will be postponed to the second Business Day following the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Sanctions Disruption Event is no longer subsisting which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) 
or Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants) (the "Released Payment Date").  
(B) Payments of the Disrupted Amount, in particular but not limited to the situation where the 
Released Payment Date occurs later than the scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or 
Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants), may be made outside the Clearing Systems if the 
relevant Clearing System(s) has/have decided that these payments are no longer eligible for its 
operations and transactions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement 
of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition, and no additional interest will be paid in 
respect of any postponement of the date for payment.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent from determining the occurrence of any other event under the Terms and 
Conditions. 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or 
payment made in a Payment Disruption Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition shall constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
"Sanctions Disruption Event" means the payment as envisaged pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions or the Agency Agreement of any amount payable under the Securities by the Issuer 
would constitute a breach or violation of Sanctions, including following the change of 
interpretation of existing Sanctions. 
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures 
enacted, administered or enforced by any of the following (or by any agency of any of the 
following):  
(a) the United Nations;  
(b) the United States of America;  
(c) the United Kingdom; or  
(d) the European Union or any present or future member state thereof.

--- Page 144 ---
131 
(j) 
Cyber-attacks  
If on or prior to a due date for payment of an Interest Amount, a Final Redemption Amount, an 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon (as the case may be), or for payment of a Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount, an 
Optional Cancellation Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under any Warrant, a 
Cyber-attack occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent (a "Cyber-attack Disruption 
Event"), the Issuer shall give notice of such occurrence to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  
Following the occurrence of a Cyber-attack Disruption Event, (a) the date for payment of such 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount 
(if any) payable under any Note, Receipt or Coupon (as the case may be), or such Settlement 
Amount, Cancellation Amount, Optional Cancellation Amount or such other amount (if any) 
payable under any Warrant (the "Cyber-attack Disrupted Amount") will be postponed to the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Cyber-attack Disruption Event is no longer subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
be later than the scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or Settlement Date (in the case 
of Warrants), provided that the Issuer shall make its best endeavours to implement remedies as 
soon as reasonably practicable to eliminate the impact of the Cyber-attack Disruption Event on 
its payment obligations of the Cyber-attack Disrupted Amount under the Securities. 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
"Computer System" means all the computer resources including, in particular: hardware, 
software packages, software, databases and peripherals, equipment, networks, electronic 
installations for storing computer data, including Data. The Computer System shall be 
understood to be that which: (a) belongs to the Group and/or; (b) is rented, operated or legally 
held by the Group under a contract with the holder of the rights to the said system and/or; (c) is 
operated on behalf of the Group by a third party within the scope of a contractual relationship; 
and/or (d) is made available to the Group under a contract within the framework of a shared 
system (in particular cloud computing). 
"Cyber-attack" means any malicious action or attempt initiated to steal, expose, alter, disable 
or destroy information through unauthorised access to, or maintenance or use of, the Computer 
Systems of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, their respective affiliates (the "Group"), their IT 
service providers, by (and without limitation) the use of malware, ransomware, phishing, denial 
or disruption of service or cryptojacking or any unauthorized entry, removal, reproduction, 
transmission, deletion, disclosure or modification preventing the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent to perform their obligations under the Securities, and notwithstanding the implementation 
of processes, required, as the case may be, by the laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates, or their IT service providers to improve 
their resilience to these actions and attempts.  
"Data" means any digital information, stored or used by the Computer System, including 
confidential data.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement 
of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition, and no additional interest will be paid in 
respect of any postponement of the date for payment.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent from making any other determination under the Terms and Conditions. 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or 
payment made in a Payment Disruption Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition shall constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default).

--- Page 145 ---
132 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in 
the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 6) in respect of them. 
Claims on Registered Warrants will become void unless claims in respect of payments are made within 
a period of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined below) therefor.  
For the purposes of this Condition "Relevant Date" means in respect of Warrants, the date on which the 
relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
duly received by the Warrant Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so 
requested by Holders of (I) in the case of Notes, at least one-fifth in aggregate nominal amount of either 
the most Senior Tranche of Notes (in the case of more than one Tranche of Notes) or the Notes (in the 
case of one Tranche of Notes) then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or (II) in the case of 
Warrants, at least one-fifth of the total number of Outstanding Warrants, or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified, secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that, in the case of Notes, the Notes are, and they 
shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount or, in the case of Warrants, 
the Warrants are to be cancelled and the Cancellation Amount will be payable to the Warrantholders: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any sum due in respect of the Securities 
or any of them; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Securities or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee provided in each case 
that the Trustee certifies that such default is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; 
or 
(c) 
order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Principal Trust Deed that, at each anniversary date of the signing of the 
Principal Trust Deed and also within 14 days after any request by the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee 
a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer to the effect that as at a date not more than five days 
prior to the date of the certificate no Event of Default has occurred. 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders, Warrantholders, Couponholders, the Agents and the Other Creditors and none of the 
Noteholders, Warrantholders, Couponholders, the Agents or the Other Creditors is entitled to proceed 
against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of 
the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so. Notwithstanding the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant 
to Condition 11(b) or 11(c) (Events of Default) above, the Transaction Security shall become enforceable 
only (i) in circumstances where the Event of Default set out in Condition 11(a) (Events of Default) has 
occurred (whether before, after or concurrently with either of the Events of Default set out in Conditions 
11(b) and/or 11(c) (Events of Default)) or (ii) otherwise in accordance with Clause 5.5 (Enforcement of 
Transaction Security) of the Principal Trust Deed. The Trustee, the Noteholders, the Warrantholders, the

--- Page 146 ---
133 
Couponholders, the Agents and the Other Creditors shall have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property 
in respect of the Securities and the Trustee having realised the same and distributed the Net Proceeds in 
accordance with Condition 4 (Transaction Security), none of the Trustee, the Noteholders, the 
Warrantholders, the Couponholders, the Agents, the Other Creditors or anyone acting on behalf of any 
of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sum and no 
debt or obligation shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such sum and such debt or obligation shall be 
extinguished. In particular, none of the Trustee, any Noteholder or Couponholder, any Warrantholder, 
any Agent or any Other Creditors, nor any other party to the Supplemental Trust Deed shall be entitled 
to petition or take any other step for the liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer, for the appointment of 
an examiner to the Issuer, for the declaration of the Issuer's assets en désastre or for any other bankruptcy 
or insolvency proceedings with respect to the Issuer, and none of them shall have any claim in respect of 
any sum arising in respect of any assets secured for the benefit of any other obligations of the Issuer. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video conference platform) of Holders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast (such 
resolution, an "Extraordinary Resolution") of a modification of any of these Conditions or 
any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by Holders holding, in the 
case of Notes, not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or, in the case of Warrants, not less than 10 per cent. in number of the aggregate 
number of Outstanding Warrants. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing, in the case of 
Notes, a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or, in the 
case of Warrants, a clear majority in number of the Outstanding Warrants, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Holders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes or number of Warrants, as applicable, held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of 
the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the 
Notes, or to amend the period or dates for exercise of the Warrants; (ii) to reduce or cancel the 
nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, 
the Notes; (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method 
or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes; (iv) in the case of Notes, if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum; (v) to vary any 
method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount including the method of calculating the Amortised 
Face Amount, the Settlement Amount, the Cancellation Amount or the Optional Cancellation 
Amount; (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or, in the case of Notes, 
denomination of the Notes; (vii) to take any steps that as specified in the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to 
which the special quorum provisions apply; (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Holders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution; (ix) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this exception; or (x) to 
modify the provisions of Condition 4 (Transaction Security), in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or number of the Outstanding Warrants at that time, as applicable. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders or Warrantholders, as 
the case may be (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders. 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes or number of the Outstanding Warrants, as applicable, of the 
relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance

--- Page 147 ---
134 
with the provisions contained in the Trust Deed shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Holders duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the Trust Deed. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to the Securities by the terms 
of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed or as provided in Condition 13(b) (Modification of the 
Trust Deed, etc.) below in relation to such Securities. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed, etc. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, or 
Warrantholders, as the case may be, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement, Credit Support Document, Swap, Contract, Collateral Securities 
Agreement, Deposit Agreement, Custody Agreement or Other Agreement that is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to cure any ambiguity, 
inconsistency or defective provision; and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in 
the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of 
these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, Credit Support Document, Swap, 
Contract, Collateral Securities Agreement, Agency Agreement, Deposit Agreement, Custody 
Agreement or Other Agreement that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, or the Warrantholders, as the case may 
be. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, or the Warrantholders, as the case may be, and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Holders as soon as practicable. The Issuer or an agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) shall notify Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by 
Moody's) and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P) of any modification made by it in 
accordance with this Condition 13(b) and the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment 
of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, or the Warrantholders, as the case may be, but subject 
to the prior written consent of the Other Creditors, to the substitution of any other company in 
place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust 
Deed and all of the Securities then outstanding provided that, in the case of any Series of rated 
Notes, such substitution shall be notified to Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) 
and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P). In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, or the Warrantholders, 
as the case may be, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or 
the Talons, or the Warrants, as the case may be, and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change 
would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, or the Warrantholders, as the case may be, and, in the case of 
any Series of rated Notes, that such change shall be notified to Moody's (in the case of Notes 
rated by Moody's) and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P). Under the Trust Deed, the 
Trustee may agree or require the Issuer to use all reasonable endeavours to procure the 
substitution as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and all of the Notes then outstanding and 
in respect of all of the Outstanding Warrants, of a company incorporated in some other 
jurisdiction in the event of the Issuer becoming subject to any form of tax on its income or 
payments in respect of the Securities, subject to the approval of the Other Creditors and provided 
that, in the case of any Series of rated Notes, such substitution shall be notified to Moody's (in 
the case of Notes rated by Moody's) and/or S&P (in the case of Notes rated by S&P). 
In the event of the substitution pursuant to this Condition 13(c) (Substitution) of the Issuer as 
principal debtor under the Trust Deed and of any Notes then outstanding or in respect of any 
Outstanding Warrants, in each case which are listed on Euronext Dublin, such substituted Issuer 
shall prepare and issue a supplemental offering circular for submission to Euronext Dublin and 
will notify Holders of such substitution in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 148 ---
135 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in 
this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of each Tranche of Holders as a 
class and shall not have regard to the consequences (in particular, any tax consequences) of such 
exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders, or Warrantholders, as the case may be, 
of such Tranche and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder, 
Couponholder or Warrantholder, as applicable, be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee 
or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any 
such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders, or Warrantholders, as the case 
may be, of any Tranche. 
Except where expressly provided otherwise, where in the opinion of the Trustee there is a 
conflict between the interests of different Tranches of Noteholders, the Trustee shall give 
priority to the interests of the holders of the Senior Tranche of Notes, whose interests shall 
prevail and shall act in accordance with the Holder Request. In the event that the Trustee shall 
receive conflicting or inconsistent requests from two or more groups of Holders of the Senior 
Tranche of Notes (or other Tranche given priority as described in this paragraph), each 
representing less than the majority by principal amount of the Senior Tranche of Notes (or other 
Tranche given priority as described in this paragraph), the Trustee shall give priority to the 
group which holds the greater amount of Notes outstanding of such Tranche. The Trustee shall 
not be obliged to consider the interests of the holders of any other Tranche of Notes. 
In these conditions: 
"Senior Tranche" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, those Notes of that Series then 
outstanding that are issued on the same date at the same issue price and in respect of which the 
first payment of interest and, if applicable, the first instalment of principal is identical but such 
Tranche ranks in priority to any other Tranche of Notes in the application of proceeds as set out 
in the Trust Deed. 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, WARRANTS, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Warrant, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) or such other paying agent 
or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Holders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, among other things, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, 
Warrant, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented (unless (a) in the case of a temporary or 
permanent Global Bearer Note, the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is 
intended to be in NGN form or (b) in the case of a Global Registered Note, the relevant Offering Circular 
Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NSSGRN form) for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by 
the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Warrants, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Warrants, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND AMENDMENTS  
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, or 
Warrantholders, as the case may be, but subject to Condition 5 (Restrictions) and upon prior 
notice in writing to each of Moody's (in the case of Notes rated by Moody's) and/or S&P (in the 
case of Notes rated by S&P), create and issue further notes or warrants, as the case may be, 
either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes or Warrants, as applicable, in all 
respects (or in all respects except, in the case of Notes, for the first payment of interest on them)

--- Page 149 ---
136 
and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes or 
Warrants, as applicable, or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue. Any such further notes or warrants shall only form a single issue with the Notes or 
Warrants, as applicable, (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution) if the 
Issuer provides additional assets as security for such further notes which are fungible with, and 
have the same proportionate composition as, those forming part of the Mortgaged Property for 
the Notes or Warrants, as applicable and in the same proportion that, in the case of Notes, the 
nominal amount of such new notes bears to the Notes or, in the case of Warrants, the number 
of such new warrants bears to the Warrants, and the Issuer enters into, or has the benefit of, 
additional or supplemental Credit Support Documents, Swaps, Collateral Securities Agreements, 
Contracts, Deposit Agreements and Other Agreements extending the terms of any existing 
Credit Support Documents, Swaps, Collateral Securities Agreements, Contracts, Deposit 
Agreements and Other Agreements to the new notes or warrants on terms no less favourable 
than such existing documents and agreements. Any new notes or warrants forming a single 
series with the Notes or Warrants, as applicable, shall be constituted and secured by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed, such further security shall be added to the Mortgaged Property 
so that the new notes and the existing Notes or the new warrants and the existing Warrants, as 
the case may be, shall be secured by the same Mortgaged Property and references in these 
Conditions to "Notes", "Warrants", "Collateral", "Mortgaged Property", "Credit Support 
Documents", "Swaps", "Collateral Securities Agreements", "Contracts", "Deposit Agreements", 
"Other Agreements", "Obligations", "Other Obligations", "Creditors" and "Other Creditors" 
shall be construed accordingly. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single 
meeting of the Holders of the Securities and the Holders of notes or warrants of other specified 
series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
Whenever it is proposed to create and issue any further notes or warrants, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable efforts to give to the Trustee not less than 14 days' notice (or such shorter period 
of notice as agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee, acting in a reasonable manner) in writing 
of its intention so to do stating the amount of further notes or warrants, as the case may be, 
proposed to be created and issued. 
(b) 
Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, or 
Warrantholders, as the case may be, agree with the Swap Counterparty to amend the Swap 
Agreement and with the Counterparty to amend the Collateral Securities Agreement (such 
amendments, the "Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments"), provided that:  
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments are 
to: 
(A) ensure that the Issuer's payment obligations thereunder match any amounts receivable 
by the Issuer under the Collateral, including (but not limited to) following the addition 
of Collateral in respect of further Notes or Warrants pursuant to Condition 15(a) 
(Further Issues); 
(B) ensure that the Swap Counterparty's or the Counterparty's (as the case may be) payment 
obligations thereunder match any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities and other liabilities, including (but not limited to) following (I) the making 
of any changes in respect of the terms of the Notes pursuant to Condition 
6(c)(iv)(F)(Conforming changes), and (II) the issue of further Notes or Warrants 
pursuant to Condition 15(a)(Further Issues); or 
(C) effect the changes referred to in Condition 4(g) (Substitution of Mortgaged Property); 
(ii) 
the Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments do not require approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a "Swap/Collateral Securities 
Agreement Amendments Certificate") to the Trustee that (A) the purpose of the

--- Page 150 ---
137 
Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs 
(i)(A) to (i)(C) above and (B) the Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments 
do not require approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, 
on a Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a 
Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the 
Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or the Warrantholders, as the case may be, or any other party 
and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer's expense) in effecting the Swap/Collateral Securities 
Agreement Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the 
Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting 
reasonably), the Swap/Collateral Securities Agreement Amendments would (A) expose the 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction or (B) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Trustee in the Conditions of any Series. 
16. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Securities shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the Holders of Clearing System Warrants shall be valid if 
delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for communication by them to the Warrantholders. Notices to 
the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, in the case of each of the Registered Securities, 
Clearing System Warrants and Bearer Notes, so long as such Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin, if 
filed with the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given (i) in the case of notices delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, on the Business Day 
on which such delivery takes place or (ii) on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
Notices to be given by any Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Definitive Securities) with the relevant Definitive Security(ies), with the Issuing and Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes), the Warrant Agent (in the case of Clearing System Warrants) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities). Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global 
Security, notice may be given by any Holder to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Warrant Agent or the 
Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Warrant Agent or the Registrar (as applicable), and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, for its relief from 
responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Collateral Securities and 
for the validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Transaction 
Security created over the Mortgaged Property. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any action 
under the Trust Deed which may involve it in incurring any personal liability or expense unless 
indemnified, secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. When determining whether an indemnity or 
any security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any 
given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and, for this purpose, it may take into account, 
without limitation, the potential costs of defending or commencing proceedings in England or elsewhere 
and the risk, however remote, of any award of damages against it in England or elsewhere and (ii) to 
require that any indemnity or security or prefunding given to it by the Holders or any of them or any 
other person be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to

--- Page 151 ---
138 
the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and 
an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the validity and 
effectiveness of the indemnity, security and/or prefunding. The Trustee and any affiliate are entitled to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any Obligor, any Credit Support Provider, Swap 
Counterparty, Swap Guarantor, Collateral Manager, Beneficiary, Counterparty, Deposit Bank or Other 
Party, or any of their subsidiary, holding or associated companies without accounting to the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, or the Warrantholders, as the case may be, for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
Collateral Securities, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the Collateral Securities 
and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral Securities will be held in safe custody by the 
Custodian or any custodian selected by the Trustee (in each case, if applicable). The Trustee is not 
responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the 
Issuer and may assume these are being performed unless it shall have actual knowledge to the contrary. 
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under this Trust Deed the Trustee shall not assume any 
duty or responsibility to the Other Creditors, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Warrant 
Agent (other than to pay to any of such parties any moneys received and repayable to it and to act in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 4 (Transaction Security)) and shall have regard solely to the 
interests of the Holders. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the Trustee to retire provided that the Trustee has given at least 
60 days' written notice to the Issuer. The Trust Deed also contains provisions whereby the Holders may 
by Extraordinary Resolution remove the Trustee. Any such retirement or removal shall not be effective 
until a successor Trustee has been appointed. Noteholders and Warrantholders shall be notified in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of any such retirement, removal and/or replacement of the 
Trustee. 
18. 
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, WAIVER OF SET-OFF AND SUSPENSION OF LISTING 
(a) 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Securities under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(b) 
Waiver of set-off 
No Holder of any Security may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against 
any right, claim, or liability which the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, 
directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other 
instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating 
to the Securities) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-off 
Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential 
rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 18(b) is intended to provide or shall be 
construed as acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Security, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon but for this Condition 18(b). 
For the purposes of this Condition 18(b), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of 
or claims of any holder of any Security for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention 
or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Security. 
(c) 
Suspension of listing or admission to trading 
Securities that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by 
a relevant authority may be suspended from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance

--- Page 152 ---
139 
with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant regulated market or relevant stock 
exchange(s). 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Warrants, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, and any 
rights and obligations arising therefrom, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Warrants, the Receipts, the Coupons and the 
Talons and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claims of whatever nature arising out of or 
in any way relating to the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Warrants, the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Warrants, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or their 
respective subject matters and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Warrants, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (including any non-
contractual obligations that may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Warrants, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) ("Proceedings") shall be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust 
Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
20. 
TERMS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS ONLY 
Conditions 21 to 27 apply to Warrants only. 
21. 
TYPE OF WARRANTS 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement will specify whether the Warrants are American Style 
Warrants, European Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants and whether the Warrants will be 
represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant, Global Registered Warrant or Definitive Registered 
Warrants. 
Subject to any cancellation of the Warrants by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 25 (Cancellation), 
(i) American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, (ii) 
European Style Warrants are exercisable on the Expiration Date only and (iii) Bermudan Style Warrants 
are exercisable on each of the dates specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (such dates, 
"Specified Exercise Dates"), in each case in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure). 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement will specify whether: 
(i) 
automatic exercise ("Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants; 
(ii) 
the Warrants are subject to maximum (in the case of American Style Warrants or 
Bermudan Style Warrants only) and minimum exercise amounts in accordance with 
Condition 24 (Maximum and Minimum number of Warrants exercisable); and 
(iii) 
the Warrants may only be exercised in units ("Units"). 
If Units are specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the Warrants must be exercised in 
Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be 
null and void.

--- Page 153 ---
140 
22. 
EXERCISE RIGHTS 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream and Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as 
defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure), 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) in respect of the relevant Clearing System on the 
Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any such American Style Warrant shall, unless such Warrant has been 
exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
paragraph below, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
Exercise Procedure 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) to the relevant Clearing System, and the copy thereof is received by 
the Warrant Agent or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement and no Exercise Notice is validly delivered prior to the Expiration Date, 
the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any Exercise Notice 
is received by the relevant Clearing System or if the copy thereof is received by the Warrant 
Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any Business Day during the Exercise 
Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day, 
which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such 
Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure) at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration 
Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, become void or (B) if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as 
provided above. 
Definitive Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Definitive Registered Warrants. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 
10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any such American Style Warrant shall, unless such Warrant has been 
exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
paragraph below, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
Exercise Procedure

--- Page 154 ---
141 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m. (London time) to the Registrar and a copy thereof so received by the Warrant Agent 
or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and no Exercise Notice is validly delivered prior to the Expiration Date, the 
Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any such Exercise Notice 
is delivered to the Registrar or if the copy thereof is received by the Warrant Agent, in each 
case, after 10.00 a.m. (London time) on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, such 
Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day, which 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant 
in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 
(Exercise Procedure) at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Expiration Date shall (A) 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, become void or (B) if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided 
above. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Expiration Date. 
Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream and Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has 
been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 
a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
any such Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
Definitive Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Definitive Registered Warrants. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has 
been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 
a.m. (London time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any such European Style Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
(c) 
Bermudan Style Warrants 
Bermudan Style Warrants are exercisable on any Specified Exercise Date, provided that if any 
Specified Exercise Date would fall on a day that is not a Business Day then such Specified 
Exercise Date shall be deemed to be the next succeeding day that is a Business Day. 
Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream and Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System.

--- Page 155 ---
142 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any Bermudan Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice 
(as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise 
Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) in respect of the relevant Clearing System 
on the Expiration Date shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any such Bermudan Style Warrant shall, unless such Warrant has been 
exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
paragraph below, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
Exercise Procedure 
The Specified Exercise Date on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) to the relevant Clearing System, and the copy thereof is received by the Warrant Agent 
or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and no Exercise Notice is validly delivered prior to the Expiration Date, the 
Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any Exercise Notice is 
received by the relevant Clearing System or if the copy thereof is received by the Warrant Agent, 
in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any Specified Exercise Date, such Exercise 
Notice will be deemed to be void and of no effect in respect of such Specified Exercise Date 
and any future Specified Exercise Dates, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure) at or prior to 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified 
as applying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, become void or (B) if Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
Definitive Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Definitive Registered Warrants. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any Bermudan Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 
10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any such Bermudan Style Warrant shall, unless such Warrant has been 
exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
paragraph below, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
Exercise Procedure 
The Specified Exercise Date on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. 
(London time) to the Registrar and a copy thereof so received by the Warrant Agent or, if 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and 
no Exercise Notice is validly delivered prior to the Expiration Date, the Expiration Date, is 
referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any such Exercise Notice is delivered to the 
Registrar or if the copy thereof is received by the Warrant Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m. 
(London time) on any Specified Exercise Date, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to be void 
and of no effect in respect of such Specified Exercise Date and any future Specified Exercise 
Date unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, provided that 
any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set 
out in Condition 23 (Exercise Procedure) at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the 
Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, become void or (B) if Automatic Exercise is specified as

--- Page 156 ---
143 
applying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
(d) 
Cash Settlement 
Each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, each 
Unit, entitles its Holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date an amount (the "Settlement 
Amount") calculated by the Calculation Agent (which may be equal to, but shall not be less 
than, zero) equal (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) 
to: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
(A) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, 
(Settlement Price less Exercise Price); 
(B) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, 
(Exercise Price less Settlement Price); and 
(C) 
if such Warrants are not Call Warrants or Put Warrants, settlement will be as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
(A) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, 
(the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for all the Averaging Dates less 
Exercise Price); 
(B) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, 
(Exercise Price less the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for all the 
Averaging Dates); and 
(C) 
if such Warrants are neither Call Warrants nor Put Warrants, settlement will 
be as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
Any Settlement Amount, if not an amount in the Specified Currency, will be 
converted into the Specified Currency by the Calculation Agent at the 
exchange rate specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement for 
the purposes of any payment made to Warrantholders. Such amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the relevant Specified Currency, 
0.005 being rounded upwards, with Warrants or Units, as the case may be, 
exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder being aggregated for 
the purpose of determining the aggregate amounts payable in respect of such 
Warrants. 
(e) 
General 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the expressions "exercise", "due exercise" and related 
expressions shall be construed to apply to any such Warrants which are automatically exercised 
in accordance with the above provisions.

--- Page 157 ---
144 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the Warrant 
Agent and any Other Creditor shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in the 
calculation of any Settlement Amount. 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder of such Warrants any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Collateral Securities. 
Additional Definitions relating to Warrants: 
"Exercise Price" means a price or amount specified in, or determined in accordance with a 
formula set out in, the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Local Time" means the local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System. 
"Settlement Date" means, in relation to each Actual Exercise Date, the fifth Business Day 
following the applicable Warrant Valuation Date, unless (i) adjusted in accordance with 
Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise), in which case the Settlement Date shall be the date 
determined in accordance with that Condition or (ii) specified otherwise in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, in which case the Settlement Date shall be the date determined 
in accordance with the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Actual Exercise Date, a price or amount specified 
in, or determined in accordance with a formula set out in, the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and calculated in respect of (i) where Averaging Dates are not specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the relevant Warrant Valuation Date or (ii) where 
Averaging Dates are specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, each Averaging 
Date as set out in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Warrant Valuation Date" means, in relation to each Actual Exercise Date, (i) in the case of 
Equity Linked Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, Inflation Linked 
Warrants, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Reference Rate Linked Warrants and 
Dividend Linked Warrants where Averaging Dates are not specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, the Valuation Date on or next succeeding such Actual Exercise Date 
provided that if the Warrants relate to a Basket of Underlyings and the provisions of the 
applicable Technical Annex have resulted in such Valuation Date in respect of one or more 
Underlyings comprising such Basket being postponed (each a "Postponed Valuation Date"), 
then the Warrant Valuation Date shall be the last occurring Postponed Valuation Date, (ii) in 
the case of Equity Linked Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, 
Inflation Linked Warrants, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Reference Rate Linked 
Warrants and Dividend Linked Warrants where Averaging Dates are specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the Averaging Date on or next succeeding such Actual Exercise 
Date provided that if the Warrants relate to a Basket of Underlyings and the provisions of the 
applicable Technical Annex have resulted in such Averaging Date in respect of one or more 
Underlyings comprising such Basket being postponed (each a "Postponed Averaging Date"), 
then the Warrant Valuation Date shall be the last occurring Postponed Averaging Date or (iii) 
in all other circumstances, the Business Day immediately succeeding such Actual Exercise Date. 
23. 
EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
(a) 
Exercise Notice in respect of Clearing System Warrants and Global Registered Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise), Warrants represented by a 
Clearing System Global Warrant or a Global Registered Warrant may only be exercised by the 
delivery, or the sending by fax, of a duly completed exercise notice (an "Exercise Notice") in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the 
relevant Clearing System and the Warrant Agent during normal office hours) to the relevant 
Clearing System, with a copy to the Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Condition 22 (Exercise Rights) and this Condition.

--- Page 158 ---
145 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and, if Units are specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the number 
of Units being exercised; 
(B) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's securities account at the relevant Clearing 
System to be debited with the Warrants; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement 
Date the Warrantholder's securities account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(D) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to 
be credited with the Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, being exercised; 
(E) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses (as defined below), and an 
authority to the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from 
any Settlement Amount due to such Warrantholder and/or to debit a specified account 
of the Warrantholder at the relevant Clearing System; 
(F) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is a Permitted 
Transferee (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised 
within the United States or on behalf of a person other than a Permitted Transferee and 
no cash, securities or other property has been or will be delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person other than a Permitted Transferee 
in connection with any exercise thereof; and, where appropriate, undertake to provide 
such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, 
commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as indicated and set 
out in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; and 
(G) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Exercise Notice in respect of Definitive Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Definitive Registered Warrants: 
Subject as provided in Condition 23(g) (Automatic Exercise), Definitive Registered Warrants 
may only be exercised by the delivery in writing of an Exercise Notice in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Registrar) to the Registrar 
with a copy to the Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 22 
(Exercise Rights) and this Condition. 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and, if Units are specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the number 
of Units being exercised; 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct the Registrar to remove from the Register on or before the 
Settlement Date the Warrants being exercised; 
(C) 
specify the details of the account to be credited with the Settlement Amount (if any) for 
each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised;

--- Page 159 ---
146 
(D) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, 
issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising in connection 
with the exercise of such Warrants ("Exercise Expenses") and an authority to the 
Registrar to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Settlement Amount due to 
the relevant Warrantholder; 
(E) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each such Warrant being exercised is a Permitted 
Transferee (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised within 
the United States or on behalf of a person other than a Permitted Transferee and no cash, 
securities or other property has been or will be delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise thereof; 
and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in 
respect of restrictions under the securities, commodities, tax and other laws of the 
United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement; and 
(F) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
In the case of Clearing System Warrants or Global Registered Warrants, upon receipt of an 
Exercise Notice, the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person exercising the 
Warrants is the Warrantholder thereof according to the books of such Clearing System. Subject 
thereto, the relevant Clearing System will confirm to the Warrant Agent the Series number and 
the number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the payment 
of the Settlement Amount of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised. Upon 
receipt of such confirmation, the Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The relevant 
Clearing System will on or before the Settlement Date debit the securities account of the relevant 
Warrantholder with the Warrants being exercised. If the Warrants are American Style Warrants 
or Bermudan Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the 
Clearing System Global Warrant or Global Registered Warrant, as the case may be, the 
Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of the Warrant Agent, note such 
exercise on the schedule to such Clearing System Global Warrant or Global Registered Warrant 
and the number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation to the extent of 
the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Registrar 
shall verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the Holder according to the Register. 
Subject thereto, the Registrar shall confirm to the Issuer and the Warrant Agent the series 
number and the number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, if applicable, for 
the payment of the Settlement Amount of each Warrant being exercised. The Registrar will on 
or before the Settlement Date remove from the Register the Warrants being exercised. If the 
Warrants are American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than 
all the Warrants constituted by such Definitive Registered Warrant, the Registrar will note such 
exercise on the schedule to the Definitive Registered Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation to the extent of the Warrants so exercised. 
(d) 
Settlement 
The Issuer shall, on the Settlement Date, pay or cause to be paid the Settlement Amount (if any) 
for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, to the Warrantholder's account 
specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the Settlement Date less any Exercise 
Expenses.

--- Page 160 ---
147 
(e) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by (i) in the case of Clearing System Warrants or Global Registered Warrants, the 
relevant Clearing System or (ii) in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, the Registrar, in 
each case in consultation with the Warrant Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice 
so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Warrant 
Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant 
Clearing System, Warrant Agent or Registrar, as applicable, shall be null and void. In the 
absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System, Warrant Agent or Registrar, as applicable, in consultation with the Warrant Agent, it 
shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered 
to the relevant Clearing System, Warrant Agent or Registrar, as the case may be. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, any Warrant with respect to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly 
completed and delivered in the manner set out above before the Expiration Date specified in (i) 
Condition 22(a) (American Style Warrants), in the case of American Style Warrants, (ii) 
Condition 22(b) (European Style Warrants), in the case of European Style Warrants or (iii) 
Condition 22(c) (Bermudan Style Warrants), in the case of Bermudan Style Warrants, shall 
become void. 
The relevant Clearing System or Registrar, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly 
to notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Warrant 
Agent, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the 
absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Agents, the 
Registrar or the relevant Clearing System shall be liable to any person with respect to any action 
taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of 
such determination to a Warrantholder. 
(f) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant 
Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, 
such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise 
This Condition only applies if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement and the Warrants are automatically exercised as provided in 
Condition 22(a) (American Style Warrants), Condition 22(b) (European Style Warrants) or 
Condition 22(c) (Bermudan Style Warrants). 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, no Exercise Notice 
is required to be submitted or any other action required to be taken in the case of Clearing 
System Warrants or Global Registered Warrants by any relevant Warrantholder in order to 
receive the Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be. 
The Issuer shall transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through which such 
Warrants are held an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settlement Amounts in respect of the 
Warrants held in each such Clearing System and each such Clearing System shall, subject to 
having received such aggregate Settlement Amount, on the Settlement Date credit the account 
of each Warrantholder of such Warrant(s) in its books with an amount equal to the aggregate 
Settlement Amount relating to the Warrant(s) held by such Warrantholder and on or before the 
Settlement Date debit such account with the number of Warrants exercised and in respect of

--- Page 161 ---
148 
which such Settlement Amount is being paid. The Issuer shall have no responsibility for the 
crediting by the relevant Clearing System of any such amounts to any such accounts. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, in order to receive 
the Settlement Amount in respect of a Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the relevant 
Warrantholder must, in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, deliver in writing a duly 
completed Exercise Notice together with the relevant Definitive Registered Warrant to the 
Registrar with a copy to the Warrant Agent, on any Business Day until not later than 10.00 a.m., 
London time, on the day (the "Cut-off Date") falling 180 days after (x) the Actual Exercise 
Date, in the case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants, or (y) the Expiration 
Date, in the case of European Style Warrants. The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable 
information set out in the Exercise Notice referred to in Conditions 23(a)(A)-(G) or Conditions 
23(b)(A)-(F), as applicable. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or 
the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise Notice 
is delivered to the relevant Clearing System or the Registrar, and a copy thereof delivered to the 
Warrant Agent, is referred to in this Condition 23(g) as the "Exercise Notice Delivery Date", 
provided that, in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, if the Exercise Notice is received 
by the Registrar or the copy thereof received by the Warrant Agent after 10.00 a.m., London 
time, on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered on the 
next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice Delivery 
Date. 
Subject to the relevant Warrantholder performing its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, in accordance with these Conditions, the Settlement Date 
for such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, shall be the fifth Business Day following the 
Exercise Notice Delivery Date. In the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, in the event that 
a Warrantholder does not, where applicable, so deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
this Condition 23(g) prior to 10.00 a.m., London time, on the Cut-off Date, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged and no further liability or obligation 
in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder shall 
not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in respect of the period from 
the Actual Exercise Date to the Settlement Date. 
(h) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on 
the relevant date on which such exercise takes place and neither the Issuer nor the Warrant 
Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated 
as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing 
System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
24. 
MAXIMUM AND MINIMUM NUMBER OF WARRANTS EXERCISABLE 
(a) 
American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants 
This Condition 24(a) applies only to American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date or, in the case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any 
Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Warrant 
Agent, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement and, if specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an 
integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of 
this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Warrant Agent determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any 
Actual Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or

--- Page 162 ---
149 
not acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number being the "Quota"), the Warrant Agent may deem the 
Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the sole 
discretion of the Warrant Agent, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each 
additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of 
the succeeding (i) Business Days, in the case of American Style Warrants or (ii) 
Specified Exercise Dates, in the case of Bermudan Style Warrants, until all such 
Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that 
the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after 
the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the 
Quota of Warrants is exercised on the same day by Holder(s) of Warrants, the order of 
settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole discretion of the Warrant 
Agent. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants 
This Condition 24(b) applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on the Exercise Date, as determined 
by the Warrant Agent, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement and, if specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral 
multiple of the number specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. Any Exercise 
Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no 
effect. 
25. 
CANCELLATION 
(a) 
Cancellation 
The amount (the "Cancellation Amount") payable in respect of any Warrant, upon cancellation 
of such Warrant pursuant to Condition 25(b) (Mandatory Cancellation), 25(c)(ii) (Withholding 
and Cancellation of Warrants for Taxation Reasons) or 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation), 
or upon it becoming due to be cancelled as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default), shall 
be the amount specified as such in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
(b) 
Mandatory Cancellation 
The applicable Offering Circular Supplement may specify that one or more of the following 
events applies: 
(i) 
any of the Collateral Securities becomes payable or repayable or becomes capable of 
being declared due and payable or repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for 
whatever reason (a "Collateral Securities Repayment Event"); 
(ii) 
unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, there is a payment default in respect of any of the 
Collateral Securities (a "Collateral Securities Default Event"); 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of any of the Collateral Securities are amended by contract, 
operation of law or otherwise such that an Obligor thereof shall no longer be obliged 
to pay the same amounts on the same days as originally contemplated in the terms and 
conditions of such Collateral Securities as of the Issue Date (a "Collateral Securities 
Restructuring Event"); 
(iv) 
a Credit Support Document, a Swap, a Collateral Securities Agreement, a Contract, a 
Deposit Agreement or an Other Agreement is terminated in whole for any reason other 
than as a consequence of, or pre-condition to, the substitution of any third party for a 
party to any of the foregoing contracts in accordance with their terms and conditions 
and unless alternative secured assets are substituted for such Credit Support Document, 
Swap, Collateral Securities Agreement, Contract, Deposit Agreement or Other

--- Page 163 ---
150 
Agreement pursuant to, and in accordance with, Condition 4(g) (Substitution of 
Mortgaged Property) prior to the date for such termination (an "Agreement 
Termination Event");  
(v) 
A Regulatory Event (as defined below) occurs: 
"Regulatory Event" means, following the occurrence of a Change in Law with respect 
to the Issuer and/or the party or parties so specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement (a "Regulatory Event Counterparty", and, together with the Issuer, each 
a "Relevant Entity") that, after the issue date of the Securities, (i) any Relevant Entity 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing prior to 
such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory 
capital charge however defined or collateral requirements for performing its 
obligations under the Securities or hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, 
including, without limitations, due to clearing requirements of, or the absence of, 
clearing of the transactions entered into in connection with the issue of, or hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under, the Securities, (ii) (x) it is or will become for any Relevant 
Entity impracticable, impossible (in each case, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts), unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited or contrary, in whole or in part, under 
any law, regulation, rule, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative or judicial authority, or power, applicable to such Relevant Entity or (y) 
a Relevant Entity would be required to obtain any licence, authorisation, approval, 
permit, registration from any governmental, inter-governmental, supranational 
authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof that it does not hold 
as of the issue date or to modify its by-laws to comply with the new requirements (a) 
to hold, acquire, issue, reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, or as the case may be, 
guarantee, the Securities, (b) to acquire, hold, sponsor or dispose of any asset(s) (or 
any interests therein) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in 
connection with the issue of the Securities or to hedge the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities, (c) to perform obligations in connection with, the Securities or any 
contractual arrangement entered into between the Issuer and the Regulatory Event 
Counterparty (including without limitation to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities) or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem all or a 
substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer's capital or the capital 
of any Regulatory Event Counterparty or to directly or indirectly sponsor the Issuer or 
any Regulatory Event Counterparty, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect 
on a Relevant Entity in connection with the issue of the Securities, 
"Change in Law" means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or 
ratification of any applicable new law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, 
any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) after the issue date of the Securities, (ii) the 
implementation or application of any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, 
without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) already in force on the 
issue date of the Securities but in respect of which the manner of its implementation or 
application was not known or unclear at the issue date, or (iii) the change of any 
applicable law, regulation or rule existing at the issue date of the Securities, or the 
change in the interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the 
issue date of the Securities of any applicable law, regulation or rule, by any competent 
court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to 
government (including any additional or alternative court, tribunal, authority or entity, 
to that existing on the issue date); and/or 
(vi) 
A Benchmark Redemption Event (as defined in Condition 25(h) (Additional provisions 
relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event)) occurs. 
If any event does so apply then the Issuer or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as 
applicable) shall give notice of the occurrence of such event as soon as reasonably 
practicable upon such occurrence (unless otherwise specified in the relevant

--- Page 164 ---
151 
Supplemental Trust Deed) to the Trustee and the Warrantholders and upon the giving 
of such notice shall cancel each Warrant at its Cancellation Amount in whole. 
In respect of a Collateral Securities Repayment Event, a Collateral Securities Default 
Event or a Collateral Securities Restructuring Event, all Collateral Securities in respect 
of which such event has occurred, together with any or all remaining Collateral 
Securities, as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (which may or may 
not form obligations of the same person as those which have become repayable or in 
respect of which there has been such a payment default), shall be deemed to have 
become immediately repayable (the "Repayable Assets"). 
In the event of Warrants becoming mandatorily due for cancellation, the Issuer shall 
cancel the Warrants by making payment of the Cancellation Amount, which may be 
less than the mark-to-market value of the Warrants subject to such cancellation 
immediately prior to the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such 
cancellation. 
(c) 
Withholding and Cancellation of Warrants for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants shall be made free and clear of, 
and without deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
whatsoever, except to the extent required by FATCA, the Section 871(m) Regulations 
or imposed by any other applicable law. Where such deduction is required by law or 
an agreement made pursuant to FATCA or Section 871(m) Regulations or any other 
applicable law, no Issuer shall be obliged to make any additional payment in respect 
of the same. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Warrants, 
would be required by Irish law, or English law, as applicable, to withhold or 
account for tax or would suffer tax in respect of its income so that it would be 
unable to make payment of the full amount due (other than where such 
circumstance, tax charge or other imposition arises as a result of any 
withholding or deduction pursuant to FATCA), then the Issuer shall so inform 
the Trustee, and shall use all reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution 
of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved beforehand in 
writing by the Trustee and the Other Creditors as the principal obligor or to 
change (to the satisfaction of the Trustee and the Other Creditors) its 
residence for taxation purposes to another jurisdiction approved beforehand 
in writing by the Trustee and the Other Creditors; or 
(B) 
the Issuer is, or the Issuer on reasonable grounds satisfies the Trustee that the 
Issuer will be, subject to any circumstance (whether by reason of any law, 
regulation, regulatory requirement or double taxation convention or the 
interpretation or application thereof or otherwise) or to a tax charge (whether 
by direct assessment or by withholding at source) or other imposition by any 
jurisdiction which would make it illegal for the Issuer to maintain, or have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to comply with or satisfy, its 
obligations under the Supplement Trust Deed or in respect of the Warrants, 
or materially increase the cost to it of complying with its obligations under 
the Supplemental Trust Deed or under the Warrants or materially increase the 
operating or administrative expenses of the Issuer or the arrangements under 
which the shares in the Issuer are held or otherwise oblige the Issuer or the 
Trustee to make any payment on, or calculated by reference to, the amount of 
any sum received or receivable by the Issuer or the Trustee or by the Trustee 
on behalf of the Issuer as contemplated in the Supplemental Trust Deed other 
than where such circumstance, tax charge or other imposition arises as a result 
of any withholding or deduction pursuant to FATCA; or

--- Page 165 ---
152 
(C) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Warrants, 
would be required pursuant to FATCA, to withhold or account for tax or 
would suffer tax in respect of its income so that it would be unable to make 
payment of the full amount due, 
then the Issuer shall (in the case of Condition 25(c)(ii)(A), only if it is unable to arrange 
the substitution referred to therein) give notice as soon as is reasonably practicable 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) to the 
Trustee, the Warrantholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the 
Counterparty, the Beneficiary, the Deposit Bank and the Other Party and upon the 
giving of such notice all but not some only of the Warrants shall become due for 
cancellation on the date specified in such notice at their Cancellation Amount (as 
described in Condition 25(a) (Cancellation) above). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold or account for tax set 
out in Condition 25(c)(ii)(A) arises as a result of: 
(A) 
the presentation for payment of any Warrant by or on behalf of a 
Warrantholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Warrant to another paying agent in a 
Member State of the European Union; 
(B) 
any present or former connection of any Warrantholder (or between a 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Warrantholder 
if such Warrantholder is an estate, a trust, a partnership, or a corporation) with 
Ireland (including, without limitation, such Warrantholder (or such fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or 
resident thereof or being or having been engaged in a trade or business or 
present therein or having had a permanent establishment therein) otherwise 
than by reason only of the holding of any Warrant or receiving principal or 
interest in respect thereof; 
(C) 
the failure by the relevant Warrantholder to comply with any applicable 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption from such tax or to provide information concerning nationality, 
residency or connection with Ireland; 
(D) 
a Warrantholder, or any related person, not being compliant with FATCA or 
failing to provide in a timely manner such information as the Issuer considers 
necessary or desirable for the Issuer, or any authorised agent of the Issuer, to 
comply with FATCA, and the Issuer elects to make such withholding in 
respect of such Noteholder; or 
(E) 
any combination of the immediately preceding paragraphs (A) through 
(D) inclusive, 
then Condition 25(c)(ii)(A) shall not apply. In such circumstances the Issuer shall 
deduct such taxes from the amounts payable to such Warrantholder. In any such 
circumstances, all other Warrantholders shall receive the due amounts payable to them 
and their Warrants shall not be cancelled. Any such deduction shall not constitute an 
Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold or account for tax set 
out in Condition 25(c)(ii)(C) arises as a result of a Warrantholder, or any related 
person, not being compliant with FATCA or failing to provide in a timely manner such 
information as the Issuer considers necessary or desirable for the Issuer, or any 
authorised agent of the Issuer, to comply with FATCA, and the Issuer elects to make 
such withholding in respect of such Noteholder then Condition 25(c)(ii) shall not 
apply. In such circumstances the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts 
payable to such Warrantholder or the Issuer may alternatively give notice to the

--- Page 166 ---
153 
relevant Warrantholder of cancellation of their relevant Warrants, and upon the giving 
of such notice, the relevant Warrants held by (or on behalf of) such Warrantholder shall 
become due for cancellation on the date specified in such notice at their Cancellation 
Amount (as described in Condition 25(a) (Cancellation) above). In any such 
circumstances, all other Warrantholders shall receive the due amounts payable to them 
and their Warrants shall not be cancelled. Any such deduction shall not constitute an 
Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
In the event of the Warrants becoming due for cancellation, the Issuer shall cancel the Warrants 
by making payment of the Cancellation Amount, which may be less than the mark-to-market 
value of the Warrants subject to such cancellation immediately prior to the occurrence of the 
circumstances giving rise to such cancellation. 
(d) 
Technical Annex Cancellation 
In the case of Equity Linked Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, 
Inflation Linked Warrants, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Reference Rate Linked 
Warrants and Dividend Linked Warrants the applicable Offering Circular Supplement may 
specify that Technical Annex cancellation is applicable ("Technical Annex Cancellation"). If 
Technical Annex Cancellation is specified as applicable then, following a determination by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable Technical Annex 
that the Issuer is to terminate its obligations in respect of the Warrants in accordance with this 
Condition 25(d), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as is reasonably practicable (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) to the Trustee, the 
Warrantholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the Counterparty, the 
Beneficiary, the Deposit Bank and the Other Party and upon the giving of such notice all but 
not some only of the Warrants shall become due for cancellation on the date specified in such 
notice at their Cancellation Amount (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement). 
(e) 
Cancellation at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option 
If Cancellation at the Option of the Issuer is specified in the Offering Circular Supplement, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than five Business Days irrevocable notice to the Warrantholders 
(or such other notice period (the “Notice Period”) as may be specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement, provided that in any case it shall not be less than five Business Days), cancel, or 
exercise the Issuer's option (as may be described in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) 
in relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Warrants on any Optional Cancellation Date or 
Option Exercise Date specified in the Offering Circular Supplement, as the case may be. Any 
such cancellation of Warrants shall be at an amount (the "Optional Cancellation Amount") 
specified in the Offering Circular Supplement. Any such cancellation or exercise must relate to 
a quantity of Warrants at least equal to the minimum number of Warrants to be cancelled 
specified in the Offering Circular Supplement and no greater than the maximum number of 
Warrants to be cancelled specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
All Warrants in respect of which any such notice is given shall be cancelled, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial cancellation or a partial exercise of the Issuer's option, the notice to 
Warrantholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Warrants to be cancelled or in 
respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as 
the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements and the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, where applicable (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or reduction in number of Warrants 
or otherwise, in each case at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be). So long as the Warrants are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange 
and the rules of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, the Issuer 
shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial cancellation of the Warrants, cause to 
be filed with the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin, or as specified by such

--- Page 167 ---
154 
other stock exchange or other relevant authority, a notice specifying the aggregate number of 
Warrants outstanding and a list of the Warrants drawn for cancellation but not surrendered. 
In the event of a cancellation of Warrants pursuant to this Condition 25(e), payment of the 
Optional Cancellation Amount may be made subject to the operation of Condition 4(e) 
(Shortfall after Application of Proceeds), and therefore may be less than the mark-to-market 
value of the Warrants subject to such cancellation immediately prior to the optional cancellation 
or exercise of the Issuer's option. 
(f) 
Purchases 
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the realisation of no 
more than the equivalent proportion of the Collateral Securities, for the reduction in the notional 
amount of any Other Obligation and for the purchase of the Warrants, which transactions will 
leave the Issuer with no assets or net liabilities in respect thereof, it may purchase Warrants in 
the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Warrants purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be surrendered for cancellation, in the 
case of Clearing System Global Warrants, by surrendering each such Warrant to or to the order 
of the Warrant Agent and, in the case of Registered Warrants, by surrendering such Warrants 
to the Registrar and, in each case, shall, together with all Warrants cancelled by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith on behalf of the Issuer. Any Warrants so surrendered for cancellation may 
not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Warrants shall 
be discharged. 
(h) 
Additional provisions relating to an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
This Condition applies if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "EU 
Benchmark Regulation - Benchmark" is applicable.  Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Benchmark Event affecting an Underlying and/or 
the Collateral Securities (the "Affected Underlying(s)") on or after the Issue Date, the 
Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
adjust the Affected Underlying(s) as it may determine appropriate to account 
for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such 
adjustments may include selecting a successor Underlying and/or Collateral 
Securities (in the case of an Underlying and/or Collateral Securities which is 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector), and making any 
other change or adjustment to the terms of the Warrants and any provisions 
of the Swap, the Contract and/or other related transaction agreement (the 
"Related Transaction Agreements") including where applicable to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or the 
Collateral Manager, and/or the Counterparty providing such exposure to the 
successor Underlying and/or the Collateral Securities and, in the case of more 
than one successor Underlying and/or Collateral Securities, making provision 
for allocation of exposure between the successor Underlying and/or the 
Collateral Securities. In that case, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to 
the Issuer and the Trustee (which notice the Trustee shall be entitled to rely 
on without further enquiry or investigation) and the Issuer shall, without the 
consent of the Warrantholders, make such changes and/or adjustments as may 
be directed by the Calculation Agent and give notice accordingly to the 
Warrantholders; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph (A) above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may 
either:

--- Page 168 ---
155 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the 
Warrants. In that case, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
of such determination and notification of such determination shall 
be a "Benchmark Redemption Event"; or  
(ii) 
apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Monetisation)). 
Where: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, (a) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants; or (b) a Benchmark 
Additional Event, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark" means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in the EU BMR and where any amount 
payable or deliverable under the Warrants and/or the Collateral Securities, or the value of the Warrants 
and/or Collateral Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Additional Event" means in respect of a Benchmark: 
(a) 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent has become or will become subject to material additional 
regulatory obligations (such as, but not limited to, regulation as a benchmark administrator 
under the EU BMR due to its role in relation to the Warrants); or 
(b) 
the methodology for the Benchmark has changed or will change and as a direct result it has or 
will become uneconomic for the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or the Collateral 
Manager and/or the Counterparty to continue to perform their obligations in relation to the 
Warrants and/or the Related Transaction Agreements. 
"Benchmark Cessation" means, for a Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) in respect of a Benchmark, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark announcing that (a) the regulatory supervisor has 
determined that such Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure 
and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement 
or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; or

--- Page 169 ---
156 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is actually 
defined or described in the definition of the Benchmark) in relation to which a priority fallback is 
specified.  
If, for a Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Benchmark Cessation or (ii) a Benchmark Cessation 
and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either 
case constitute a Benchmark Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"Benchmark Event" means, in respect of a Benchmark any of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) a Benchmark Cessation;  
(ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
(iii) a Benchmark which is a Reference Rate as defined in Condition 6(c)(iv) of the General Terms and 
Conditions is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) 
pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the "Risk-Free Rate Event Date"), replaced 
with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in 
the Financial Stability Board's paper titled "Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks" dated 22 July 
2014. 
"EU BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended. 
26. 
EXPENSES 
All Exercise Expenses relating to such Warrants shall be for the account of the Warrantholder. The Issuer 
shall deduct from amounts payable to Warrantholders all Related Expenses, not previously deducted 
from amounts paid or assets delivered to Warrantholders, as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and 
absolute discretion determine are attributable to the Warrants. Such deduction by the Issuer shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any Related Expenses 
and Warrantholders shall be liable to pay the Related Expenses attributable to their Warrants. 
27. 
DETERMINATION OF SETTLEMENT AMOUNTS, CANCELLATION AMOUNTS AND 
OPTIONAL CANCELLATION AMOUNTS 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on each date that the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate an amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine 
such amount, calculate the Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount or Optional Cancellation Amount 
and obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause such 
amount and, if required to be calculated, the Settlement Amount, Cancellation Amount or Optional 
Cancellation Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the relevant 
Holders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Warrants that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Warrants are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. The determination of any amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
28. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
Each of the following defined terms shall have the meaning ascribed to it below when used in 
these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires.

--- Page 170 ---
157 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in any additional business centre(s) specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
("Additional Business Centre(s)"); and 
(ii) either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any 
Additional Business Centre(s) and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall 
be Sydney, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Specified 
Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (y) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 
Business Day).  
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
"FATCA" means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code 
and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and 
implementing such Sections of the Code. 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is: 
(1) subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits); 
(2) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation;  
(3) each financial centre(s) (the "Additional Financial Centre(s)") specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement; and 
(4) either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be 
Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open; and 
(5) in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company 
("DTC") or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in 
such Global Registered Note) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a 
day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed 
in New York City. 
"Related Expenses" means, in relation to Warrants, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, (a) all present, future, prospective, contingent or anticipated 
Taxes which are (or may be) or were (or may have been) withheld or payable under the laws, 
regulations or administrative practices of any state (or any political sub-division or authority 
thereof or therein) and (b) any other present, future, or contingent expenses (including without 
limitation, any applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue registration, securities 
transfer or other expenses) which are (or may be) or were (or may have been) payable, in each 
case in respect of or in connection with: 
(i) 
the issue, transfer or enforcement of the Warrants;

--- Page 171 ---
158 
(ii) 
any payment to Warrantholders; 
(iii) 
a person or its agent's assets or any rights, distributions of dividends appertaining to 
such assets (had such an investor (or agent) purchased, owned, held, realised, sold or 
otherwise disposed of assets) in such a number as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, may determine to be appropriate as a hedge or related trading 
position in connection with the Warrants; or 
(iv) 
any of the Swap Counterparty's or any affiliate's other hedging arrangements in 
connection with the Warrants 
"Section 871(m) Regulations" means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) 
of the Code. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the T2 is open. 
”T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
or replacement for that system. 
"Taxes" means taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other 
charges (including any stamp, registration or transfer tax, duty or other charge or tax on income, 
payments (or delivery of assets), profits or capital gains) together with any interest, additions to 
tax or penalties thereon. 
(b) 
General 
Capitalised terms used in these Conditions but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning 
and/or value ascribed to them in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 172 ---
159 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED SECURITIES 
Where a Technical Annex is specified in the Offering Circular Supplement as being applicable, the following 
additional Conditions (the "Additional Conditions for Structured Securities") shall form part of the General 
Terms and Conditions and shall apply to in relation to the Technical Annex specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
In the case of any conflict between these provisions of the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities and the 
Technical Annex specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the provisions of the Technical Annex 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail. 
PART 1 – GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
"Structured Securities" shall mean any Securities where the Share Sub-Annex, Depositary Receipt Sub-Annex, 
ETF Sub-Annex, Index Sub-Annex, SGI Index Sub-Annex, Fund Technical Annex, Credit Technical Annex, 
Commodities Technical Annex, Inflation Technical Annex, Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex, Reference 
Rate Technical Annex, Dividend Technical Annex or a combination of these elections is specified in the Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
For the purposes of these Additional Conditions for Structured Securities: 
"Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 28(a) (Definitions) of the General Terms and Conditions, 
and where applicable, determined on the basis of the Specified Currency of the relevant Securities. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Holding Limit Event" means, unless it is being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and except in case of Structured Securities, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is the Hedge Entity, 
that the Hedge Entity in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted Underlying or Component Security, as 
the case may be, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote 
a percentage of any class of voting securities of the Underlying, or the Component Security or, of the issuer of 
such Underlying or such Component Security, in excess of a percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by 
the Hedge Entity for the purpose of its compliance with the Volcker Rule, including any requests, regulations, 
rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant 
governmental authority in connection with, such statutes. Where “Volcker Rule” means the Bank Holding 
Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619, together with the implementing regulations, of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
"Underlying" shall mean, if so specified in the clause "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Fund and/or an ETF 
and/or Reference Entity and/or Commodity and/or Commodity Index and/or Inflation Index and/or Reference 
Rate and/or Foreign Exchange Rate and/or Dividend (each as defined in the relevant Technical Annex). 
PART 2 – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, 
HOLDING LIMIT, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES 
The following Conditions will not apply to Securities that are Commodity Linked Securities, Fund Linked 
Securities or ETF Linked Securities but shall apply to any other Securities. 
The occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events 
relating to an Underlying and/or a Component Security (the Affected Underlying) and/or Reference Entity(ies) 
(the “Affected Reference Entity(ies)”) on or after the Issue Date shall constitute an “Extraordinary Event”: 
(i) 
"Change in Law" means in respect of Structured Securities that have one or more Underlying(s) 
and/or a Component Security and/or Reference Entity(ies) that, on or after the first to occur of 
(a) the Issue Date, (b) the trade date of any Hedge Position, and (c) the first Valuation Date of 
the Structured Securities (if applicable) (i) due to the adoption of, any change in, any applicable 
law or regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency

--- Page 173 ---
160 
or capital requirements and, with respect to  a Component Security only, any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any Exchange on which any Component Security is traded) (the "Applicable Law 
and Regulation") or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of competent 
jurisdiction), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) in respect of Underlyings, 
Component Security or Reference Entities negotiated or located in AEJ Closed Markets, it will, 
or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, within the next 30 calendar days, but before the 
Maturity Date of the Notes) or the Expiration Date of the Warrants (as applicable), become, or 
it has become illegal and (y) in respect of any other Underlying, it has become illegal for the 
Issuer or the Hedge Entity or a Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge 
Positions relating to the Securities or to maintain the agreement entered into with the Hedge 
Entity by the Issuer of the Securities relating to the Underlying and/or a Component Security 
and/or Reference Entity(ies), or (iii) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position relating 
to the Underlying and/or a Component Security and/or Reference Entity(ies) (the “Affected 
Underlying”). Where “AEJ Closed Markets” means People’s Republic of China, India, 
Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam. 
(ii) 
"Hedging Disruption" means, in respect of Securities that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or a 
Component Security, that the Hedge Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) (including, without limitation, stock loans and other transactions that can be used to create a long 
or short exposure to the Underlying or Component Security as the case may be) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, the bond price risk, 
currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk) of entering into 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or any agreement entered into with the Hedge 
Entity by the Issuer in relation to the Securities; or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or 
transfer the proceeds of the Hedge Positions as the case may be between accounts within the jurisdiction 
of the Hedge Positions (the "Affected Jurisdiction") or from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction 
to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
(iii) 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, in respect of Securities that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or 
a Component Security, that the Hedge Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the date(s) on which the Hedge Entity enters into the Hedge Positions in 
respect of the Securities) amount of amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk 
including, without limitation, the bond price risk, currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest 
rate risk, foreign exchange risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities or any agreement entered into with the Hedge Entity by the Issuer in relation to the Securities 
or (b) freely realise, recover or remit the proceeds of its Hedge Positions. 
(iv)  
"Holding Limit Event" has the meaning given to it in Part 1 of the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
(v) 
In respect of any Underlying that is a Share or a Depositary Receipt "Insolvency Filing" means in respect 
of Securities that have one or more Underlying(s) that the Company institutes or has instituted against it 
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head 
home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing, 
In the case of occurrence of an Extraordinary Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent may:

--- Page 174 ---
161 
(i) 
replace the Affected Underlying by a new Underlying which is representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only, deduct: 
(A) 
in respect of Notes only, from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under any Note on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any 
new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by the Hedge Entity, in relation to the Hedge Positions 
hedging the payment obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); provided however that if 
on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Note is higher than such Interest Amount due 
under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, 
the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount 
and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted 
from the Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if 
any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the occurrence of 
the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be 
deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount 
whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(B) 
in respect of Notes only, and in the absence of any Interest Amount (a) from the Instalment 
Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note, whichever 
comes first, and (b) in the absence of any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, 
from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after 
the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero); or 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants only, (a) from the Optional Cancellation Amount (if any) or the 
Cancellation Amount (if any) due under one Warrant, whichever comes first, and (b) in the 
absence of any Optional Cancellation Amount or Cancellation Amount in respect of the 
Warrants, from the Settlement Amount due under one Warrant on the Settlement Date, in each 
case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result 
of such deduction being floored at zero). 
If the Calculation Agent has not made a replacement in accordance with (i) above (or a deduction in 
accordance with (ii) above in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only), then the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith, may either: 
(A)  
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of 
the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation 
Event" respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical 
Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(B)  
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
(C) 
in the case of Hedging Disruption only, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may 
consider such event as an event triggering a partial early redemption of the Structured Securities. 
In that case, the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid (i) the Partial Early Redemption Amount on 
the Early Redemption Date, and, (ii) the Capital Protection Amount on the Maturity Date of the 
Notes or the Expiration Date of the Warrants (as applicable).

--- Page 175 ---
162 
“Capital Protection Amount” means an amount equal to the product of the Specified 
Denomination and the Capital Protection Rate.  
“Capital Protection Rate” has the meaning set forth in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
“Partial Early Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to the difference between (i) the 
Market Value of the Security and (ii) the Market Value of a security which would only be paying 
at maturity the Capital Protection Amount. 
The Market Value of the Security and the Market Value of a security which would only be 
paying at maturity the Capital Protection Amount will be calculated as follows: at an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the redemption of the Securities, 
shall represent the fair market value of the Securities and shall have the effect (after taking into 
account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair market value to the Holders) of 
preserving for the Holders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the 
payments in respect of the Securities which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen 
due after the relevant early redemption date. 
PART 3 – CALCULATIONS BY THE CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, and in respect of the Structured 
Securities, the Calculation Agent shall be Societe Generale of 17 cours Valmy, 92987 Paris La Défense Cedex, 
France. The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the 
Issuer, the Agents and the Holders, in the absence of manifest error or proven error. Whenever a Calculation 
Agent is required to act or to exercise judgement in any way, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an Adjustment which is substantial in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or of an Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Issuing and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent, as applicable, and the Holders 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 16 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such adjustment made or decision taken 
can be obtained by the Holders upon request at the Calculation Agent's specified address. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Credit Linked Notes and, pursuant to “Successor “definition (in Part 1 of 
the Credit Technical Annex), when the determinations of the “Successor” by the Calculation Agent follow the 
relevant index source determinations, there will be no related notification sent by the Calculation Agent. 
PART 4 – PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE SUB-ANNEX, DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS SUB-
ANNEX, SGI INDEX SUB-ANNEX AND INDEX SUB-ANNEX 
(a) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Hedge Positions" means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at 
any time, Hedge Positions that the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the Notes at that time. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition (b) below). 
"Basket" means a basket composed of the Underlying (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions 
or numbers of Underlying specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Company" means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of 
such Share or Depositary Receipts related such Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity 
(including, without limitation, a limited partnership) in which an equivalent proprietary unit is held.

--- Page 176 ---
163 
“Component Security” means, with respect to any Underlying being an Index or SGI Index, a 
component security in the Index or SGI Index as the case may be. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Underlying (or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect 
of any Underlying comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or 
(ii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred;  
(iii) 
in the case of an Underlying being an SGI Index, an SGI Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
or  
(iv) 
in the case of an Underlying being an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price 
of the Index. 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day 
will be deemed to have occurred if it has occurred with respect to the Deposited Securities related to such 
Depositary Receipt. 
"Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Underlying the corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, or any successor exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). In respect of Deposited Securities underlying an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, 
"Exchange" means the primary exchange or market of trading of such Deposited Securities. In respect 
of an Underlying which is an Index or SGI Index, the principal exchange, trading market or quotation 
system on which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Component Security 
(including, as applicable, any securities, indices or other instruments underlying such Index Components) 
are traded, or any successor or substitute exchange, trading market or quotation system. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, 
in respect of any Underlying comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading 
Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and (ii) (cumulative) where the Underlying is an Index, on which 
the Index Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index. 
"Local Jurisdiction" means, in respect of an Underlying the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange 
is located. 
"Local Taxes" means, in respect of an Underlying, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, 
including interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would 
be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any 
Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income of 
the Hypothetical Investor. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Underlying,  
(i) the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which, in either 
case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure; and  
(ii) with respect to an Underlying which is an Index or SGI Index only, the occurrence or existence, in 
respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption; (B) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the close of trading on the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof:

--- Page 177 ---
164 
(i) 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an Underlying, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, 
on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to any Component Security or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(ii) 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an Underlying, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the Underlying 
on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to any 
Component Security, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any 
relevant Related Exchange; 
(iii) 
"Early Closure" means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant 
Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to any Component 
Security or (b) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Underlying (and, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, 
the related Deposited Securities) each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating 
to such Underlying (or such Deposited Securities) any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to an 
Underlying (or such Deposited Securities) has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating such 
Underlying (or such Deposited Securities) on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Related Exchange). 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means, in respect of an Underlying, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organisation of the issuer of each security or any Component Security. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means in respect of an Underlying and in respect of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, 
in respect of any Underlying comprised in the Basket and observed separately), any day (i) on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) where the Underlying is an Index or SGI Index, 
on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the closing price of the Index. 
"Tax Residence Jurisdiction" means, in respect of an Underlying the Local Jurisdiction or any 
jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer of each security or any Component Security. 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be 
postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below.  
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however 
that if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual 
closing time of the Exchange.

--- Page 178 ---
165 
(b) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" and the "Scheduled Averaging Date" respectively) is a Disrupted Day 
for an Underlying, the Calculation Agent shall determine that the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date 
for such Underlying shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of that Underlying, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(A)  
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, 
for the Underlying. If a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall 
be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) or is a Disrupted Day 
and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) below, 
and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed 
the Closing Price, 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value or level of the 
Underlying as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith 
estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. 
In case the Underlying is an Index (or an SGI Index), such determination by the Calculation 
Agent shall be made in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level of 
that Index (or, as applicable, an SGI Index) last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or, 
as applicable, an SGI Index) (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other component as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); 
Provided however that, 
(i)  
if any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above, the Calculation Agent shall determine to apply any of the following methods: 
(x) 
notwithstanding the foregoing, determine that the fourth Business Day before the date 
of any payment be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying 
and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall 
be deemed the Closing Price and in that case, the payment date shall not be postponed; 
or  
(y) 
postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date 
(including, if applicable, the Maturity Date or any early redemption date (in the case 
of Notes) or the Settlement Date or any cancellation date (in the case of Warrants)) 
until the fourth Business Day following the day the determinations described in (B) 
above or at the latest on the fourth Business Day following the date on which a 
Disrupted Day is no longer subsisting. No interest or other amount shall be paid by the 
Issuer in respect of such postponement. 
(ii) 
if the Underlying is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Underlying 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date 
for each Underlying not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or 
the Scheduled Averaging Date; and

--- Page 179 ---
166 
(iii) 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system 
through which the Structured Securities are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 180 ---
167 
TECHNICAL ANNEX 
● 
The following shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, form part 
of the General Terms and Conditions. 
● 
The payment of any amounts in respect of the Securities, subject to the Technical Annex will be 
determined or calculated by reference to an index and/or a formula based on or referring to one or more 
Underlying. 
● 
For the purposes of this Technical Annex, "Underlying" shall mean, as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, without limitation, a share in a company, any other equity or non-equity 
security, a depositary receipt, an index, a fund unit, an inflation rate, a foreign exchange rate, a reference 
rate, a share of an investment company, a basket thereof or an combination thereof.  
● 
This Technical Annex contains technical provisions relating, inter alia, to (i) the adjustments to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (ii) the way a market disruption event that may affect an Underlying will be 
treated in the context of the Securities or (iii) mathematical formulas used to calculate amounts due in 
respect of the Securities. 
● 
The technical provisions relating to Underlyings of a type other than those mentioned above shall be set 
out in the Offering Circular Supplement applicable to the relevant Securities. The provisions of this 
Technical Annex may be amended in the Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Securities. 
● 
Where a Technical Annex is specified as being applicable, it shall be read in conjunction with the 
Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.

--- Page 181 ---
168 
EQUITY TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Equity Linked Conditions") set out in the following equity technical annex (the 
"Equity Technical Annex") (which shall be deemed to include the terms of the applicable sub-annex specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (each sub-annex, a "Sub-Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, form part of the General Terms and Conditions together with the 
Additional Conditions for Structured Securities and any reference to the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities 
shall be construed accordingly. This Equity Technical Annex (together with the specified Sub-Annex) shall be 
applicable if the following is stated in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Equity Technical Annex ([Share]/[Depositary Receipt]/[ETF]/[Index]/[SGI Index] Sub-
Annex) apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should be read together with this Offering Circular Supplement. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Technical Annex (including the relevant Sub-Annex) and 
this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Equity Technical Annex (including the applicable Sub-Annex) unless specifically defined 
herein, shall have the same meanings as those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust 
Deed, as the context requires. 
If this Equity Technical Annex applies to the Securities, the applicable Offering Circular Supplement shall specify 
that one of the following Sub-Annexes is applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt any reference in the Terms 
and Conditions to the "Equity Technical Annex" in the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be a reference 
to the Equity Technical Annex including the relevant Sub-Annex and the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities).

--- Page 182 ---
169 
SHARE SUB-ANNEX AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS SUB-ANNEX 
The provisions of these Additional Conditions for the Share Sub-Annex and the Depositary Receipts Sub-Annex 
apply if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that Share Sub-Annex or Depositary Receipts Sub-
Annex is applicable. 
PART 1 – GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
"ADR" means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) 
representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition Part 
3(a) below.  
"Applicable Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Basket" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Closing Price" means in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt: 
(i) 
if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of 
such Share for the day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote 
on such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Closing Price; 
(ii) 
if such Share is traded on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, 
which means the price as published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the 
meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., 
as such Rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
(iii) 
if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism 
for the Exchange; 
(iv) 
in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 3 below. 
"Company" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Depositary" means, the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time 
in such capacity. 
"Depositary Agreement" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the Company 
that has issued the shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt 
was issued. 
"Depositary Receipt" (or the "Depositary Receipts" in the case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts 
(including an ADR and/or an GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and which 
constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Deposited Securities" means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit 
Agreement pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities was issued. 
"Disrupted Day" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Exchange(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.

--- Page 183 ---
170 
"Exchange Business Day" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"GDR" means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) representing 
shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Part 3(a) below. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Hypothetical Investor" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the price of such Share or Depositary 
Receipt on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including 
the Closing Price. 
"Local Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Local Taxes" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Market Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Opening Price" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the official opening price of such Share or 
Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 3 below. 
"Related Exchange(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Share(s)" means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including, without limitation, a common unit in a 
limited partnership), of the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in the case of a Basket) specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of 
Part 3 below. 
"Tax Residence Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
PART 2 – CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.  
PART 3 – ADJUSTMENT EVENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS – CHANGE IN LAW – HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING 
AND CONSEQUENCES – AND CONSEQUENCES 
(a) 
Adjustment Events and extraordinary events 
(i)  
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of 
the following:

--- Page 184 ---
171 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities 
(unless resulting in a Merger Event), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split 
or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares or Deposited 
Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited 
Securities, (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, 
(c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment 
(in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully 
paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited 
Securities whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or the Depositary Receipts. 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect:  
(i) 
on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to 
determine any settlement or payment terms under the Securities and/or adjust any other 
terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and (b) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment, or  
(ii) 
on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, 
provided that an event that has a diluting or concentrative effect on the Deposited 
Securities will affect the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts unless (and to the 
extent that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the 
Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of the Deposited Securities that are 
represented by each Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts 
will not be affected by any such event (as determined by the Calculation Agent), in 
which case the Calculation Agent will make no adjustment. If the Company or the 
Depositary elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented 
by a Depositary Receipt or makes an adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines 
not to have been adequate, then the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make the 
necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Underlying used to determine any 
settlement or payment terms under the Securities and/or any other terms of the 
Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the

--- Page 185 ---
172 
obligations of the Issuer under the Securities (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold 
or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Depositary may also 
have the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of 
the Depositary Receipts for share distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions 
and distributions other than shares, rights and cash. Upon any such adjustment by the 
Depositary, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make the necessary 
adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate to account for such event. 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares or on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value 
of the Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local 
Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or 
otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to 
the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to 
options on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such Related Exchange. 
Definitions applicable to this Part: 
"Offshore Investor" means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional 
investor not resident in the country in which the Company has been incorporated or in which 
the Exchange on which the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed is located (the 
"Local Jurisdiction"), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of the Hedge Entity. 
(b) 
Extraordinary events and consequences 
(i) 
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last 
Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a 
Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an Insolvency or a 
Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as 
applicable, (an "Affected Share") or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an "Affected Depositary 
Receipt"), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may decide in good faith to 
apply Method of Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary Receipt 
as the case may be. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period 
with respect to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
(A)  
in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger 
Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), and/or upon consummation of the 
Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may be), until the sixtieth Business Day 
thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, shall apply in relation to Share-
for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-Combined either: 
(x) 
Calculation Agent Adjustment; and/or  
(y) 
Method of Substitution; 
(B) 
in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts comprised in a 
Basket, the Calculation Agent will either: 
(x) 
continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and 
in order to maintain the original number of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) will be selected and included in the 
Basket; or

--- Page 186 ---
173 
(y) 
substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares or Substitute 
Depositary Receipts selected as described in the Method of Substitution; 
(C) 
in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the 
De-merger Event, until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent will either: 
(x) 
replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the shares or 
depositary receipts of the successor companies; or 
(y) 
substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger 
Event pursuant to the Method of Substitution; 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial 
number of companies in the Basket and that in the case where the Calculation Agent has elected 
to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with several shares or 
depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall 
be placed in a sub-basket and considered as one component of the Basket; 
(D) 
in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until 
the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
(E) 
in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide either: 
(x) 
that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted pursuant 
to the Method of Substitution; 
(y) 
that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to 
be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, representing the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair market value 
determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such Insolvency until the last 
Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value 
shall depend upon the liquidity of the market and the trading conditions relating to the 
Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the time of calculation; or 
(F) 
In each case as set out in paragraphs (A), (B), (C), (D) and (E) above, if the Calculation Agent 
has not (x) applied the adjustment described in paragraphs (A), (B), (C) or (E) above; or (y) if 
in the case of paragraph (A), (B), (C) or (E) above, no share or depositary receipt meets the 
criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(i) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Early Redemption; or 
(ii) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a 
cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate 
its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption 
Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex 
Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be, as soon as 
possible after the occurrence of any of the events described in (C) above.  
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable 
endeavours at all times to maintain the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies 
hereunder. 
Definitions applicable to this Part 3(b) (Extraordinary events and consequences): 
"Calculation Agent Adjustment" means, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), 
the Calculation Agent shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), 
(A) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such Merger

--- Page 187 ---
174 
Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the Depositary 
Receipt or to the Securities), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in 
respect of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the 
relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of 
that adjustment.  
"Combined Consideration" means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
"De-listing Event" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt 
(or Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event 
or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member 
State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate 
conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of 
liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary 
Receipt (or Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt)). 
"De-merger Event" means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such 
Share or Depositary Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any 
operation of a similar nature. 
"De-merger Date" means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
"Early Redemption/Cancellation" means that there will be an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of 
the Warrants, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case 
may be; 
"Fixing Period" means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall expire no 
later than 90 Business Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective 
date of the De-listing Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency during which: 
(a) 
the Hedge Entity sells the Affected Shares or the Affected Depositary Receipts, the New Shares and/or 
the Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices 
of the relevant assets traded by the Hedge Entity with regards to the relevant Securities, as observed 
during such Fixing Period; and 
(b) 
the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or 
New Shares accordingly during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the closing 
prices of such Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares traded by the Hedge 
Entity with regards to the relevant Securities, as observed during such Fixing Period. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined in good faith 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Date" means, in respect of a Share or the Deposited Securities related to a Depositary Receipt, the date 
upon which holders of the necessary number of the relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case 
of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger 
Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or Deposited Securities. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
(a) 
any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Securities (including the change of currency 
reference of such Share or Deposited Securities) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all of such outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities to another entity or person;

--- Page 188 ---
175 
(b) 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or 
into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares 
or Deposited Securities); 
(c) 
other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited 
Securities (other than any of such Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by the offeror); or 
(d) 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results 
in the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities (other than Shares or Deposited Securities owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately following such event. 
"Method of Substitution" means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing 
Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the 
Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the Other Consideration (as the case may be) 
is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either (a) into a new share or a new depositary 
receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar 
international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary 
Receipt (the "Substitute Share" or the "Substitute Depositary Receipt", as the case may be) or (b) in the case 
of Combined Consideration into New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the 
future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to 
immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) and (b) above. 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration 
shall be deemed to take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, 
as the case may be, and the company issuing such Substitute Share or, in the case of a Substitute Depositary 
Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities, will be deemed a "Share" or a "Depositary Receipt" and 
the "Company" respectively, and the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt 
is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant 
component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary 
Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of 
a Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"New Shares" means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted 
on a recognised exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Offering Period" means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, 
the De-listing Event, the De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially 
announced to but excluding the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date, the effective date of the 
De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the offeror 
or a third party).

--- Page 189 ---
176 
"Share-for-Combined" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
"Share-for-Other" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant 
Shares or Depositary Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
"Share-for-Share" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant 
Shares or Depositary Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may 
consist) of solely of New Shares. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing 
or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the date on which voting shares in the 
amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
(a) 
Stop-Loss Event 
Unless "Stop-Loss Event" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if on any Exchange Business Day between the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last 
Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is affected by a decrease 
of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the "Affected Share" or the 
"Affected Depositary Receipt" and the event, the "Stop-Loss Event"), then: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary 
Receipt by a new share or a new depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar international 
standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt (the "Substitute Share" or "Substitute Depositary Receipt", as the case 
may be) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary 
Receipt; or 
(C) 
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary 
Receipt nor decided to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent may either: 
(i) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(ii) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a 
cancellation of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under 
the Securities and pay to each Holder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the 
Stop-Loss Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation 
Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical 
Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary 
Receipt is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value 
of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in 
respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing price of 
such Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is

--- Page 190 ---
177 
weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share 
or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
(b) 
Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange which 
is used for any calculation or determination made under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published and made available to the public by the Exchange after the original publication 
but no later than (i) in the case of Notes, four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment 
date(s) determined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the 
earlier of (x) the Actual Exercise Date in respect of any Warrant and (y) the fourth Business Day prior to 
the Expiration Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that 
correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Securities to account for such 
correction,  
provided however that: 
- 
All references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
(c) 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency 
Filing and consequences 
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Holding Limit Event", "Increased Cost of Hedging" and 
"Insolvency Filing" have the meanings given to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased 
Cost of Hedging or an Insolvency Filing relating to a Share or a Depositary Receipt (the "Affected 
Underlying"), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional 
Conditions for Structured Securities. 
(d) 
ESG Downgrading Event 
If ESG Downgrading Event is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
upon the occurrence of an ESG Downgrading Event as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ESG 
Determination Agent may decide either:  
(i) 
to replace the Affected Share by a new share (the "New Share") issued by a Company whose 
(i) ESG Metric by the relevant ESG Rating Agency is at least equal to the Minimum ESG Metric 
Level and (ii) meets one or more of the ESG Criteria, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement; and in that case the substitution of the Affected Share by the 
New Share shall be made, inter alia, on the basis of the price at which the Affected Share can 
be sold and the New Share can be bought by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Exchange as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of the ESG Downgrading Event and 
the determination by the ESG Determination Agent. The Calculation Agent may then make the 
necessary adjustment to the terms of the Securities used to determine any settlement or payment 
terms under the Securities and/or any other terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate 
to reflect such substitution and preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Securities (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; 
(ii) 
to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; 
(iii) 
to consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation 
of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and 
pay to each Holder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the ESG Downgrading Event, an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition

--- Page 191 ---
178 
25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may 
be. 
 
(iv) 
to keep the terms of the Securities unchanged (and in particular keep the Affected Share within 
the Underlying(s) of the Securities). As a consequence, the Affected Share will not be subject 
to ESG Downgrading Event until the maturity of the Notes or expiration of the Warrants. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders of the occurrence of an ESG Downgrading Event and of the 
decision of the ESG Determination Agent pursuant to the above provisions pursuant to Condition 16 (Notices) of 
the General Terms and Conditions. 
Upon the occurrence of an ESG Metric Event, the ESG Determination Agent shall determine an Alternative ESG 
Metric. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders of the occurrence of an ESG Metric Event and of the 
Alternative ESG Metric and Minimum ESG Metric Level pursuant to the above provisions pursuant to Condition 
16 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
Where: 
"Alternative ESG Metric" means the ESG Metric selected in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner by the ESG Determination Agent, in case of occurrence of an ESG Metric Event. An Alternative ESG 
Metric shall be deemed the ESG Metric. 
"ESG Criteria" means: 
(a)  the Company of the New Share is incorporated in the same country or geographical area as the Company of 
the Affected Share, 
(b)  the Company of the New Share operates in the same economic sector as the Company of the Affected Share,  
(c) the New Share is denominated in the same currency as the Affected Share. 
"ESG Determination Agent" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"ESG Downgrading Event" means that at the latest X days/weeks/months prior to the Maturity Date (in the case 
of Notes) [or Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants)], the ESG Rating assigned by an ESG Rating Agency to a 
Company, the Share of which is used as Underlying, including as part of a Basket (the "Affected Share"), is 
withdrawn or reduced below the Minimum ESG Metric Level.  
"ESG Metric" means the level of the metric assigned by an ESG Rating Agency to a company measuring its 
exposure to long-term environmental, social, and governance risks, involving issues such as but not limited to 
energy efficiency, worker safety, and board independence and specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. If an ESG Metric is:  
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant ESG Rating Agency, but is calculated and announced by a 
relevant successor ESG rating agency (the "Successor ESG Rating Agency") acceptable to the ESG 
Determination Agent; or  
(b) replaced by a successor index (the "Successor ESG Metric") using, in the determination of the ESG 
Determination Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, determining an ESG metric 
as used in the determination of the ESG Metric;  
then the ESG Metric will be deemed to be the ESG metric so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor 
ESG Rating Agency or that Successor ESG Metric (as the case may be). 
"ESG Metric Event" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, X days/weeks/months prior to 
the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) [or Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants)], (i) the relevant ESG Rating 
Agency (or if applicable the Successor ESG Rating Agency) makes a material change in the formula for or the 
method of assigning the ESG Metric or in any other way materially modifies that ESG Metric or (ii) a public

--- Page 192 ---
179 
statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ESG Rating Agency announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ESG Metric permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no Successor ESG Rating Agency, that will continue to provide the ESG Metric. 
"ESG Rating Agency" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, or the 
Successor ESG Rating Agency which shall be deemed the ESG Rating Agency. 
"Minimum ESG Metric Level" means the minimum ESG Metric Level specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement that must be assigned by the ESG Rating Agency specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement to the company selected by the ESG Determination Agent so that its share can replace a 
Share whose Company is affected by an ESG Downgrading Event, as Underlying, including as part of a Basket.

--- Page 193 ---
180 
ETF SUB-ANNEX 
Any reference in this ETF Sub-Annex to an 'Equity Linked Security' or 'Equity Linked Securities' shall be a 
reference to such Equity Linked Security or Equity Linked Securities to which this ETF Sub-Annex is stated to 
apply in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS RELATING TO ETF 
(a) 
General definitions 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an ETF, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Part 1 – (b) below; 
"Basket" means a basket composed of the ETF (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or 
numbers of ETF specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
"Closing Price" means in respect of an ETF 
(i) 
if such ETF is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange, Inc., the last traded 
price of such ETF for the day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a 
closing special quote on such ETF quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
(ii) 
if such ETF is traded on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di 
Riferimento, which means the price as published by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading 
and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the markets organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
(iii) 
if such ETF is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on the Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price 
dissemination mechanism for the Exchange; 
(iv) 
in any other case, the official closing price of such ETF on the relevant Exchange; 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETF, in respect of any ETF 
comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; 
"ETF" means the exchange traded fund (or the exchange traded funds in the case of a Basket) specified 
as Underlying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject to adjustment pursuant to the 
provisions of Part 2 – 1 below; 
"ETF Documents" means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF; 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund 
investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the 
ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, 
operator, management company, depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent or domiciliary agent; 
"ETF Unit" or "Unit" means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF;

--- Page 194 ---
181 
"Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF, on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of the ETF, (or, in the case of a Basket of ETF, in respect 
of any ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; 
“Full Liquidation Date” means, in respect of the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may 
be, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia 
by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are 
deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
“Hypothetical Hedge Positions” means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical 
Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in the ETF, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash 
deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever 
described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Securities linked to or indexed to the relevant ETF due on the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, 
as the case may be, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security provided that, if the Intermediate 
Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date, as the case may be, then Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
provided further that: 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Hypothetical Hedge Positions", “Clearing System” means the 
clearing system through which the Securities are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Hypothetical Investor" with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in 
such Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the ETF Units), located in France (which for the avoidance 
of doubt may be the Hedge Entity), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
constituted by the ETF, to have (a) the benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETF Documents, 
of an investor holding the ETF; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETF, to have submitted 
a Valid Order requesting redemption of the ETF; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such 
ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of the ETF. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETF, the price of such ETF on the relevant Exchange at any 
time during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price; 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purpose hereof:

--- Page 195 ---
182 
(i) 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise relating to (a) the ETF on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(ii) 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the ETF on the 
Exchange, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the ETF on any relevant Related 
Exchange; and 
(iii) 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant 
Exchange, or (b) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day, 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF, each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and 
options contracts relating to such ETF, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or substitute quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to an 
ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating such ETF, on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETFs, in respect 
of any ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately), any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session; 
"Valid Order" means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETF or the ETF 
Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption 
notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the ETF Documents; 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant 
to the provisions of "Consequences of Disrupted Days for an ETF"; and 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF, the Scheduled Closing Time, provided however that if 
the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing 
time of the Exchange. 
(b) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" and the "Scheduled Averaging Date" respectively), is a Disrupted Day 
for an ETF, the Calculation Agent shall determine that the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for 
such ETF shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
that ETF, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(i) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
for the ETF. If a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be

--- Page 196 ---
183 
postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day), 
and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in Part 1 – (b)(ii) 
below, and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the 
Closing Price, 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value of the ETF as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value 
of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. 
provided however that: 
(A) 
if any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above, the Calculation Agent shall determine to apply any of the following methods: 
(x) notwithstanding the foregoing, determine that the fourth Business Day before the date of 
any payment be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the good faith estimate of the value of the ETF and the good faith estimate of the 
value of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price and in that case, the payment 
date shall not be postponed; or 
(y) postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if 
applicable, the Maturity Date or the Expiration Date, as the case may be) until the fourth 
Business Day following the day the determinations described in (ii) above or at the latest on the 
fourth Business Day following the date on which a Disrupted Day is no longer subsisting. No 
interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such postponement;  
(B) 
if the ETF is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the ETF affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each ETF 
not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date; and 
(C) 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system 
through which the Structured Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement (“Clearing System"). 
PART 2 – POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND 
CONSEQUENCES  
1. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting an 
ETF including, without limitation: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETF Units, 
or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETF Units to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Units of (a) an 
additional quantity of such ETF Units, or (b) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Units, or (c) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly)

--- Page 197 ---
184 
by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of 
ETF Units initiated by an investor in such ETF that is consistent with the ETF 
Documents; or 
(v) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the ETF or quantity of ETF Units; 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events and consequences 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of 
the following events (each an "Extraordinary Event") on or after the Issue Date: 
(i) 
"Change in Law" means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, 
solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal 
for a Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of the Hedge Positions 
(including the relevant ETF Units) or it has become illegal to maintain the agreement 
entered into by the Hedge Entity with the ETF or an ETF Service Provider mentioned 
in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (ii) below, or (y) the Issuer and/or the 
Hedge Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under 
such Securities or the agreement entered into by the Hedge Entity or the Issuer with 
the ETF or the ETF Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of 
Agreement" in (ii) below (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(ii) 
"Breach or Termination of Agreement" means any failure by the ETF or an ETF 
Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered 
into by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider with the Hedge Entity, defining the terms 
and conditions at which the Hedge Entity may make subscriptions and/or redemptions 
in the ETF Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions 
terms then prevailing pursuant to the ETF Documents), including as the case may be 
the rebates of management fees to be paid to the Hedge Entity, the termination of such 
agreement by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of 
the Issuer and/or the Hedge Entity or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in 
full force and effect or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
(iii) 
"Closure of the ETF" means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any 
reason other than those mentioned in (vi) or (xi) below; 
(iv) 
"ETF Adviser Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period 
of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETF Adviser (including 
the ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value 
of such assets);

--- Page 198 ---
185 
(v) 
"ETF Hedging Disruption" means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is 
impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedge 
Positions, in each case whether these events are imposed by the ETF without being 
envisaged in the ETF Documents on the Issue Date of the Securities or are already 
envisaged by the ETF Documents on the Issue Date of the Securities and are solely 
implemented by the ETF after such date; 
(vi) 
"ETF Insolvency Event" means, in respect of any ETF, that such ETF (a) is dissolved 
or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person 
or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) 
through (e) above; 
(vii) 
"ETF Modification" means any change or modification of the related ETF Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities, that could reasonably be expected to 
affect the value of such ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(viii) 
"ETF Service Provider Event" means (a) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any ETF Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control 
of any ETF Service Provider, (c) any of the ETF Service Providers is subject to an ETF 
Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as ETF Insolvency Event described in (vi) above, except that 
ETF is replaced by ETF Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry 
out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the 
management of the ETF has occurred; 
(ix) 
"Holding Ratio" means the reduction of the ETF's aggregate net asset value under an 
amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to 
have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating 
expenses or would increase the proportion of the ETF Units held, or likely to be held, 
by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by the Hedge Entity, to such extent

--- Page 199 ---
186 
that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETF Units held by a 
Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(x) 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the 
Securities) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedge 
Positions, provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is the Hedge Entity, any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Hedge Entity shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
(xi) 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting an ETF, (a) all the ETF Units of that ETF are required to be transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the ETF Units of that ETF 
become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
(xii) 
"Merger Event" means the conversion of the ETF Units into another class of fund 
units or securities, or the split of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its 
sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
(xiii) 
"Nationalisation" means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of 
an ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(xiv) 
"Regulatory Action" means, with respect to any ETF, (a) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over such ETF Units or ETF, (b) any change in the 
legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service 
Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF 
or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) such ETF 
or any of its ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding 
or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the 
alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such ETF or ETF Service Provider; 
(xv) 
"Reporting Disruption" means, in respect of any ETF, any failure of such ETF to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such ETF has agreed to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been 
previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such ETF, or its 
authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to monitor such ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such ETF; 
(xvi) 
"Strategy Breach" means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the 
value of the ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETF from its risk profile prevailing 
on the Issue Date of the Notes by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the ETF 
invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the ETF; 
(xvii) 
"Delisting" means, in respect of an ETF, that such ETF: (a) ceases to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant 
Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union); (b) has its listing,

--- Page 200 ---
187 
trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity 
or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant ETF); 
or 
(xviii) 
"Holding Limit Event" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for 
Structured Securities.  
then the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
 consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a 
cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a 
"Cancellation Event" respectively).  Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event 
occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to 
be paid an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) 
(Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Merger Event as defined above only, replace the ETF Units by the kind and 
number of units or other securities and property receivable on such conversion, split, 
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETF Units prior to such conversion, 
split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of the 
ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such ETF; or 
(iii) 
apply any of the following methods: 
(A) 
Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify an exchange traded fund (the 
Substitute ETF) having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the 
ETF affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETF) and (ii) may adjust any 
relevant terms of the Securities to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Securities; or 
(B) 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where an 
ETF, a Share or ADR is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute ETF, the value 
of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as 
described in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, shall not be affected by the 
substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute ETF and would mean that the 
closing price of such Substitute ETF on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is 
weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of 
the Affected ETF on such date "t"; or 
(C) 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 
8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; 
(iv) 
or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging, deduct: 
(A) 
in respect of Notes only, from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of 
Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that 
triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging that would be incurred by 
the Hypothetical Investor, or in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes and such amount to be apportioned pro rata 
amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); provided however that if 
on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the 
Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Security is higher than such 
Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) 
on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and the 
difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the 
deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest Amount(s) 
due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a

--- Page 201 ---
188 
Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the occurrence of the 
last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be 
deducted from the Instalment Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if 
any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount 
whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(B) 
in respect of Notes only and in the absence of any Interest Amount, (a) from the 
Instalment Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note, whichever comes first, and (b) in 
the absence of any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due 
under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at 
zero); or 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants only, (a) from the Optional Cancellation Amount (if any) or the 
Cancellation Amount (if any) due under one Warrant, whichever comes first, and (b) 
in the absence of any Optional Cancellation Amount or Cancellation Amount in respect 
of the Warrants, from the Settlement Amount due under one Warrant on the Settlement 
Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction 
Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero).

--- Page 202 ---
189 
INDEX SUB-ANNEX 
Any reference in this Index Sub-Annex to an 'Equity Linked Security' or 'Equity Linked Securities' shall be to 
such Equity Linked Security or Equity Linked Securities to which this Index Sub-Annex is stated to apply in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
PART 1 – 
(a) 
General Definitions 
"Applicable Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities; 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Basket" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and 
announced by the Index Sponsor as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 2 below, 
or (if applicable) the Daily Settlement Price; 
“Daily Fixing Time” means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the relevant future 
is computed by the Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed 
by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the end 
of this period;  
"Daily Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Index and for a day that falls on the last day of quotation 
of the principal futures contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, then the Closing Price 
means, for that day, the official settlement price of the principal futures contract on the Index on such 
day, determined under the rules of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time; 
"Disrupted Day" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"ETF" means a Fund that is traded on an Exchange; 
"ETF Documents" means, in respect of any ETF (including any ETF which is a component of an 
Underlying Index), the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF; 
"ETF Share" means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF; 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund 
investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the 
ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, 
operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
"Exchange(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Exchange Business Day" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities; 
"FRTB Event" means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that the related Fund, the relevant Fund 
Service Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not 
make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with the Hedge Entity, if

--- Page 203 ---
190 
any, does not provide the Hedge Entity with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, the Hedge 
Entity would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date of 
the Securities) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as 
implemented into the jurisdiction of the Hedge Entity, in holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the 
case may be; 
"FRTB Information" means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a 
processable format to enable the Hedge Entity, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case 
may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the Fund 
or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be 
readily used by the Hedge Entity by using the existing functionality of a software or application 
commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above; 
"Fund" means any mutual fund investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund 
Units (excluding ETF); 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of any Fund (including any Fund which is a component of an 
Underlying Index), the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund 
investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the "Fund Adviser"), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities 
for such Fund, operator, management company, Depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, 
registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent; 
"Fund Unit" or "Unit" means, in respect of any Fund, a share or unit of such Fund; 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"Holding Limit Event" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Hypothetical Investor" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"Index" means the index (or the indices in the case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Part 2 – 1 below; 
"Index Calculation Agent" means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if 
different from the Index Sponsor; 
"Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement) that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods 
of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index and/or (b) announces (directly or 
through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an Index, the level of such Index on the relevant Exchange at any 
time during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day including the Closing Price; 
"Local Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Local Taxes" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Market Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities.

--- Page 204 ---
191 
"Opening Price" means: 
(i) 
in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction 
Prices (as defined under the Rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is a trading day on the Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto in 
the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be 
amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, and calculated following the rules of the 
markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
(ii) 
in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced 
by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 2 – 1 below. 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason 
whatsoever, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in 
accordance with the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into 
account any other objective element that may be available;  
"Related Exchange(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
"Tax Residence Jurisdiction" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
"Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
(b) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
PART 2 – ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS -CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING 
LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES 
1. 
Adjustments and Events 
(a) 
Adjustments 
(i) 
If an Index is: 
(A) 
not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, but is calculated and announced by a 
relevant successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") or a successor 
calculation agent (the "Successor Index Calculation Agent") acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent; or

--- Page 205 ---
192 
(B) 
replaced by a successor index (the "Successor Index") using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, 
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the 
relevant Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index Calculation Agent or that 
Successor Index (as the case may be). 
(ii) 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
1. on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if 
applicable the Successor Index Sponsor) makes a material change in the formula for, 
or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other way materially modifies that 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that 
Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other 
routine events (an "Index Modification"). For the avoidance of doubt the following 
events do not constitute "routine events": a sub-division (split) of the level of the Index 
or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other event linked to 
either the performance or the level of the Index); 
(A) 
on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant Successor Index Sponsor) or the Index 
Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case may 
be, fails to calculate and publish the level of the Index and such failure is 
likely to have a material impact on any hedging transactions entered into by 
the Hedge Entity in connection with the Securities (an "Index Disruption"); 
(B) 
the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) 
permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index 
Cancellation" and together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Disruption, each an "Index Adjustment Event"); or 
(C) 
for an Index which comprises any Fund Unit or ETF Share, an FRTB event 
has occurred;  
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or 
whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, 
the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date 
or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior 
to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities that comprised 
that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those 
securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); 
(B) 
replace the Index by a new index, provided that such index is (a) 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as the case may be) 
and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more 
Exchanges of one or more OECD countries; or 
(C) 
only in case of a FRTB Event, substitute the Index with a Substitute Index (an 
"Index Substitution Event"), where "Substitute Index" means an Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the 
affected Index or, in the absence of benchmark for the affected Index as 
having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the 
affected Index,

--- Page 206 ---
193 
if the Calculation Agent has not retained (A) or (C) and if in (B) no index meeting the 
criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent 
may either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events described in Part 2 
–1(a)(ii)(A), Part 2 – 1(a)(ii)(B), Part 2 – 1(a)(ii)(C) or Part 2 – 1(a)(ii)(D) 
above, an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
If an Index merges with another index or if an Index which forms part of the Basket 
merges with another index which does not form part of the Basket (the "Event"), the 
Calculation Agent will either: 
(A) 
continue using the index resulting from the merger; or 
(B) 
replace the Index with another index (the "New Index"); as long as the New 
Index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as the 
case may be) and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on 
one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries, 
if the Calculation Agent has not retained (A) and if in (B) no index meeting the criteria 
(a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may 
either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Event described in Part 2 – 1(a)(iii) 
above, an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(iv) 
In the case of a merger affecting two Indices comprised in a Basket (the "Event"), the 
Calculation Agent will either: 
(A) 
continue using the index resulting from the merger and, in order to maintain 
the same number of indices within the Basket, the Calculation Agent will 
select a further index (a "New Index") to be included in the Basket, as long 
as such New Index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic 
sector (as the case may be) and (b) to the extent possible, representative of 
shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries; or 
(B) 
replace both Indices with two other indices (each a "New Index"); as long as 
each New Index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic 
sector (as the case may be) and (b) to the extent possible, representative of 
shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries,

--- Page 207 ---
194 
if the Calculation Agent has not retained (A) and if in (B) no index meeting the criteria 
(a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may 
either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Event described in Part 2 – 1(a)(iv) 
above, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation 
Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) 
(Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex 
Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(v) 
If an Index is split into two or more new indices (the "Event"), the Calculation Agent 
will either: 
(A) 
use the indices resulting from the split to determine an index equivalent to the 
one existing prior to the split (provided that the indices resulting from the split 
will be deemed to form together the "New Index"); or 
(B) 
replace the split Index with a new index (a "New Index") as long as such New 
Index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as the 
case may be), and (b) to the extent possible representative of shares listed on 
one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries, 
if the Calculation Agent has not retained (A) and if in (B) no index meeting the criteria 
(a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may 
either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Event described in this Part 2 – 
1(v), an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
In the case of a Basket of Indices, in the event that shares forming part of one Index 
comprising the Basket represent at least 20 per cent. of the capitalisation of another 
Index forming part of the Basket (the "Affected Index") (the "Event"), the Calculation 
Agent may, but is not obliged to, replace such Affected Index with a new index as long 
as such new index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as 
the case may be) and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one 
or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries. 
If no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, 
then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 208 ---
195 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Event, described in this Part 2 – 
1(a)(vi), an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(vii) 
In the event that an Index ceases to be the underlying of a futures and/or option contract 
(as the case may be) (the "Event"), the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, 
replace such Index with a new index as long as such new index is (a) representative of 
the same economic or geographic sector (as the case may be) and (b) to the extent 
possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more 
OECD countries. 
if no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, 
then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Event described in this (G), an 
Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Stop-Loss Event 
If on any Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last 
Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. 
or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the "Affected Index" and the event, 
the "Stop-Loss Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as the case may be), and to 
the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or 
more OECD countries (the "Substitute Index") and will adjust any relevant terms of 
the Securities accordingly; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to 
continue with the Affected Index, the Calculation Agent may either: 
(A) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
(B) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants as the case may be. In that case, the Issuer 
shall Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each 
Holder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, an 
Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex

--- Page 209 ---
196 
Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and 
which is used for any calculation or determination made under the Securities is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the Exchange or 
the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later than (i) in the case of Notes, four 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement) or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Actual 
Exercise Date in respect of any Warrant and (y) the fourth Business Day prior to the Expiration 
Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that 
correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Securities to account for 
such correction, 
provided however that: 
- all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the rules applicable to the relevant Clearing 
System. 
(d) 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and 
consequences  
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Holding Limit Event" and "Increased Cost of 
Hedging" have the meaning given to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or 
Increased Cost of Hedging relating to an Index (the "Affected Underlying"), the Calculation 
Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities.

--- Page 210 ---
197 
SGI INDEX SUB-ANNEX 
Any reference in this SGI Index Sub-Annex to an 'Equity Linked Security' or 'Equity Linked Securities' shall be 
to such Equity Linked Security or Equity Linked Securities to which this SGI Index Sub-Annex is stated to apply 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
PART 1 
(a) 
General Definitions  
"Advised SGI Index" means an SGI Index for which the Index Rules indicate an Index Advisor, as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an SGI Index, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Part 1 – (b) below; 
"Barrier Date" means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier 
Level is reached or any other condition has occurred by reference to the level of an SGI Index which 
Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component "type" is "Physical Commodity" and/or "Commodity 
Contract" and which includes each date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
(or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day). If a date is 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it 
will be considered as a Valuation Date. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if a Barrier Date falls on a date which is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of all SGI 
Indices which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component "type" is "Physical Commodity" 
and/or "Commodity Contract" it shall be postponed to the next following day which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day with respect to all such SGI Indices. 
"Barrier Level" means the level, if any, specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Basket" means a basket composed of the SGI Indices (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions 
or numbers of SGI Indices specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
"Basket Component" means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Index Rules, any Index 
Component other than an Underlying SGI Index and Market Data. 
"Closing Price" means the official closing level of the SGI Index published by the Index Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Valuation Date, subject to the Index rules; 
"Commodity Instrument" means (i) an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, barley, canola, 
coal, cocoa, coffee, copper, corn, cotton, crude oil, diesel fuel, electricity, emissions allowances, fuel oil, 
gas oil, gasoline, gold, heating oil, iron, jet fuel, lead, livestock, lumber, milk, natural gas, nickel, oats, 
orange juice, palladium, palm oil, platinum, rapeseed, rice, rubber, silver, soybeans, steel, sugar, tin, 
wheat, and zinc, and more generally any commodity (the "Physical Commodity"), (ii) a future, an option, 
or any other contract traded on a regulated or organised market with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate 
underlying (a "Commodity Contract"), (iii) a Fund Unit or an ETF Share with a Physical Commodity 
as the ultimate underlying, or (iv) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
"Commodity Instrument Disruption Event" means, with respect to a Commodity Instrument, any 
event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination of 
the price or level of such Commodity Instrument for a Valuation Date, and includes, without limitation: 
(i) 
the failure by the relevant Exchange or price source to make public the relevant price for a 
Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price 
source; or

--- Page 211 ---
198 
(ii) 
the material suspension of trading or the material limitation imposed on trading (whether by 
reason of movements in price reaching the limits established by the relevant Exchange within 
which the price of the relevant futures contract may fluctuate or otherwise) in the relevant 
Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange; or 
(iii) 
(iii) 
the non-opening of trading in a relevant Commodity Instrument on the relevant 
Exchange on a day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading provided that 
all trading in the Commodity Instrument is closed for the entire regular trading session on such 
Exchange on such day; or 
(iv) 
with respect to a Commodity Instrument which is an Underlying Index, the failure by the 
relevant index sponsor or, as the case may be, index calculation agent to determine or make 
public the closing level of that Underlying Index. 
The occurrence or existence of any such event on a Barrier Date (which is also not a Valuation Date) 
will not constitute a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date. 
Accordingly, such Barrier Date will not be postponed pursuant to the provision of Part 2 of this SGI Sub-
Annex. 
"Debt Instrument" means (i) a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including a euro medium 
term note, and more generally any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, (ii) any 
Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules; 
"Debt Instrument Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the non-
publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument; (b) the suspension or 
limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the 
relevant Debt Instrument is traded; (c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, comply with clearing obligations in respect of, or obtain market values 
for, the Debt Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant 
Debt Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure of the organized or regulated market(s) on 
which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent to (c) and (d) but affecting the trading 
on a Related Exchange of futures, options contracts or other derivatives relating to such Debt Instrument 
or (f) if the Debt Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such 
Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events (a) through (e) affecting such Underlying Index and/or 
in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index. 
"Derivatives and Other Instrument" means (i) a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, a future, an option, 
an OTC Option, or any other contract traded on a regulated or organized market which is not a 
Commodity Instrument, or (ii) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules; 
"Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: (a) the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives and Other 
Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organised or 
regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (c) any event that 
disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with 
clearing obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Derivatives and Other Instrument on 
the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other 
Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure of the organised or regulated market(s) on which 
the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent to (c) and (d) but affecting 
the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options, contracts or other derivatives relating to such 
Derivatives and Other Instrument, or (f) if the Derivatives and Other Instrument is an Underlying Index, 
the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the announcement of a disruption event by the index 
sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events (a) 
through (e) affecting such index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index; 
"Disrupted Day" has the meaning set out in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities;

--- Page 212 ---
199 
"Equity Instrument" means (i) a Share, a Fund Unit or an ETF Share, which, in each case, is not a 
Commodity Instrument or (ii) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules; 
"Equity Instrument Disruption Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on 
the aforementioned or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence 
or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, (C) an Early Closure occurring at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (D) in the case of an Underlying 
Index, any of the foregoing events and/or in respect of one or more of its components, the non-
publication of such Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption event by the index 
sponsor or index calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
(A) 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying 
Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the relevant 
Exchange(s), or (b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange 
relating to Shares, ETF Shares, or one or more Underlying Indices, or any components 
underlying any Underlying Index; 
(B) 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) Shares or ETF Shares, 
one or more Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying 
Index on the relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or options contracts on any relevant 
Related Exchange, relating to Shares, ETF Shares, or one or more Underlying Indices, 
or any components underlying any Underlying Index; and 
(C) 
"Early Closure" means, in relation to a Share or an ETF Share, the closure on any 
Scheduled Trading Day of: 
(1) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Shares or ETF Shares; or 
(2) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to Shares, ETF 
Shares, or one or more Underlying Indices, or any components underlying 
any Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of 
Funds or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or the likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of (A) Calculation and/or Publication 
Disruption, (B) Fund Settlement Disruption, (C) NAV Determination Disruption Event, or (D) 
in the case of an Underlying Index, any of the foregoing events in respect of one or more of its 
components, the non-publication of such Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption 
event by the index sponsor thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
(A) 
"Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" means the occurrence of an event, 
beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor (including any gate, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse

--- Page 213 ---
200 
subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or 
publication of the official net asset value per Fund Unit by the Fund (or by the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official net asset value); 
(B) 
"Fund Settlement Disruption" means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full 
amount of the redemption proceeds on the date by which the Fund was scheduled to 
have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Index Calculation Agent, 
makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the net 
asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, the level of the Underlying Index), 
including without limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to 
a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the 
benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the 
amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single 
date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension 
for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), 
or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a 
date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the 
Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed by 
the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the 
Securities or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the 
Securities and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date; and 
(C) 
"NAV Determination Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any event (beyond 
the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other than the events mentioned in "Calculation 
and/or Publication Disruption" in paragraph (A) above or "Fund Settlement 
Disruption" in paragraph (B) above affecting such Fund which, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Index 
Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, 
the level of the Underlying Index); 
"ETF" means a Fund that is traded on an Exchange; 
"ETF Documents" means, in respect of any ETF (including any ETF which is a component of an 
Underlying Index), the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF; 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund 
investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the 
ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, 
operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
"ETF Share" means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF; 
"Excess Return" means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects: 
(i) the performance differential (whether positive or negative) of its underlying portfolio relative to the 
money market rate, which means namely that in case of a portfolio performance in line with the money 
market rate, the SGI Index performance will be zero; or 
(ii) the performance of its underlying portfolio, being a net cash neutral portfolio of purchasing and / or 
selling positions, which means namely that in case of the absence of performance from these aggregated 
positions, the SGI Index performance will be zero and the SGI Index will not deliver the money market 
rate.

--- Page 214 ---
201 
"Exchange" means the principal exchange, trading market or quotation system on which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index Components (including, as applicable, any 
securities, indices or instruments underlying such Index Components) are traded or any successor or 
substitute exchange, trading market or quotation system; 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an SGI Index (or, in the case of a Basket of SGI Indices, 
each SGI Index observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Index Calculation Agent 
publishes the Closing Price; 
"FRTB Event" means for an Index which comprises any Fund Unit or ETF Share that the related Fund, 
the relevant Fund Service Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case 
may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by 
applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with 
Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a 
consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the issue date of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as 
the case may be. 
"FRTB Information" means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a 
processable format to enable Societe Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case 
may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the Fund 
or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be 
readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application 
commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
"Fund" means any mutual fund investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund 
Units (excluding an ETF); 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of any Fund (including any Fund which is a component of an 
Underlying Index), the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund 
investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for 
such Fund, operator, management company, Depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, 
registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent; 
"Fund Unit" or "Unit" means, in respect of any Fund, a share or unit of such Fund; 
"Gross Total Return" means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the 
performance of its underlying portfolio including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other 
income before the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and other income. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"Holding Limit Event" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means, with respect to the Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such 
Hedge Positions (including the relevant Index Components) taken for the purpose of hedging products 
linked to the performance of the SGI Index (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates).

--- Page 215 ---
202 
"Index Advisor" means the index advisor, if any, referred to in the Index Rules, who, subject to such 
Index Rules, may advise in respect of parameters, composition, modifications, and/or rebalancing of the 
relevant SGI Index. 
"Index Advisor Extraordinary Event" means, in the case of any Advised SGI Index (1) the Index 
Advisor fails to maintain any authorisation, consent, license, or registration required under any law, rule 
or regulation applicable to it and which is relevant to the performance of its functions with respect to the 
SGI Index, (2) the Index Advisor ceases any of its material operations, transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets or is subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, (3) the Index 
Advisor (a) becomes insolvent or bankrupt, (b) enters into an arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors, (c) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or other similar official, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or other similar relief, or (d) becomes subject 
to the exercise of powers by a secured creditor, (4) the Index Advisor, in the commercially reasonable 
discretion of the Index Sponsor exercised in good faith, becomes unable to perform its functions with 
respect to the SGI Index, or (5) the agreement between the Index Sponsor and the Index Advisor 
governing the Index Advisor's obligations and duties in relation to the SGI Index is terminated for any 
reason. 
"Index Calculation Agent" means the index calculation agent named in the relevant Index Rules, in 
charge of calculating and publishing the level of the SGI Index; 
"Index Component" means, for the purpose of the Securities (i) an Equity Instrument, (ii) a Commodity 
Instrument, (iii) a Debt Instrument, (iv) a Derivatives and Other Instrument, (v) Market Data, and/or (vi) 
an Underlying SGI Index, or any combination thereof as specified in the Index Rules. Index Component(s) 
may be modified from time to time as provided in the relevant Index Rules. 
"Index Component Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Equity Instruments: the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect 
of one or more of these Equity Instruments; 
(ii) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Commodity Instruments: the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event 
in respect of one or more of these Commodity Instruments;  
(iii) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Debt Instruments: the occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of 
one or more of these Debt Instruments;  
(iv) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Derivatives and Other Instruments: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other 
Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Derivatives and Other 
Instruments; 
(v) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Underlying Indices and: 
(a) 
if the Underlying Index is an Equity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one 
or more Equity Instruments: the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event 
in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Equity Instruments;  
(b) 
if the Underlying Index is a Commodity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, 
one or more Commodity Instruments: the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument 
Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these 
Commodity Instruments;  
(c) 
if the Underlying Index is a Debt Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or 
more Debt Instruments: the occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in 
respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Debt Instruments; and

--- Page 216 ---
203 
(d) 
if the Underlying Index is a  Derivatives and Other Instrument or comprises, without 
limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other Instrument: the occurrence of a 
Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of each Underlying 
Index or one or more of these Derivatives and Other Instrument;  
(vi) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, 
Market Data: the occurrence of a Market Data Disruption Event in respect of such Market Data;  
(vii) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Underlying SGI Indices: the occurrence of an Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event 
in respect of one or more of these Underlying SGI Indices; 
(viii) 
in respect of the SGI Index and/or any of its Index Component, an Index Data Disruption Event;  
(ix) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, 
ETF Shares or an Underlying Index composed of ETFs or any other similar instrument specified 
in the Index Rules: the occurrence of a FRTB Event in respect of one or more of these Equity 
Instruments. 
even if the Closing Price of the SGI Index is published by the Index Calculation Agent on the day on 
which such event(s) occur(s); 
"Index Data" means any data (other than Market Data) concerning the SGI Index and/or any of its Index 
Component reasonably required (i) by the Index Calculation Agent for the calculation of the level of the 
SGI Index and/or (ii) for the monitoring thereof by the Index Sponsor. 
"Index Data Disruption Event" means, with respect to an Index Component, the non- publication of 
the Index Data relating to such Index Component, normally used by the Index Calculation Agent for 
purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
"Index Rules" means the rules of the relevant SGI Index as amended, supplemented and/or superseded 
from time to time, and as such rules may be supplemented by the SGI Global Methodology if so provided 
thereunder. The Index Rules applicable to the SGI Index, used as an underlying of a Series of Securities, 
are annexed to the applicable Offering Circular Supplement of such Series of Securities and are available 
to any holder of such Securities upon written request to the Index Sponsor. 
"Index Sponsor" means Societe Generale acting through its Societe Generale Index ("SGI") business 
unit.  
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an SGI Index, the official level of such SGI Index published by 
the Index Calculation Agent at any time during a relevant Valuation Date including the Closing Price.  
"Market Data" means (i) a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a 
spread, or any other data identified as "Market Data" in the Index Rules or (ii) any index or similar 
instrument relating to the data described in the foregoing item (i) (but excluding in any case an 
Underlying Index or an Underlying SGI Index), and in the case of any similar instrument, is identified 
as "Market Data" in the Index Rules. 
"Market Data Disruption Event" means with respect to an Index Component (or similar event 
described in the relevant Index Rules) that is a Market Data, the non-publication of the level of any 
Market Data used by the Index Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
"Modified Price Return" means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the 
performance of a variable exposure (which can be higher or lower than 100%) to an index where the 
Type of Return of such index is Price Return. 
"Net Total Return" means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance 
of its underlying portfolio including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income after the 
deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and other income.

--- Page 217 ---
204 
"Market Disruption Event" has the meaning set out in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
"OTC Option" means an over-the-counter (OTC) option such as, but not limited to, an OTC put option, 
an OTC call option, an interest rate cap, an interest rate floor, a receiver swaption or a payer swaption, 
or in respect of any SGI Index, any other instrument designated as an "OTC Option" under its Index 
Rules. 
"Other Return" means such other return as described in the Index Rules. 
"Price Return" means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of 
its underlying portfolio excluding reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, trading has a material effect on the overall market for futures and options relating to 
the relevant SGI Index or Index Components, or any successor or substitute exchange or quotation system; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an SGI Index, any day on which the Index Calculation 
Agent is scheduled to publish the Closing Price pursuant to the Index Rules; 
"SGI Global Methodology" means: in respect of an SGI Index (1) the SGI Indices Global Methodology 
(the initial version dated 8 June 2010), (2) The SGI Indices Global Methodology (the updated version 
dated 1 January 2016), (3) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 16 January 2017) 
or, as the case may be (4) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 25 November 2019) 
or, as the case may be, (5) the Global Index Methodology (the most recent version dated 20 July 2020), 
each of which describes, among other things, certain procedures for the calculation and maintenance of 
such SGI Index as well as important events which might affect it and the Index Components thereof, but 
in either case applicable to an SGI Index only where the Index Rules for such SGI Index expressly refer 
to such methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the term "SGI Global Methodology" may be construed 
to include further versions of such methodology if any is hereafter published and incorporated by 
reference under the relevant Index Rules. The SGI Global Methodology is available on the SGI website 
at the following address: http://sgi.sgmarkets.com; 
"SGI Index" means the Societe Generale index (or the SGI Indices in the case of a Basket) specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject to adjustments pursuant to the 
provisions of Part 2 – 1 below; 
"SGI Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any Index Component Event (or similar event 
described in the relevant Index Rules) which has a material effect on the Securities as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Share" means an ordinary share of a company; 
"Similar Index" means an index whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the SGI Index, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of an index comprise, without 
limitation, its formula for and method of calculation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the 
geographical or economic sectors reflected in such index; 
"Total Return – Synthetic Dividend" means with reference to an SGI Index, such SGI Index reflects 
the performance of its underlying portfolio including reinvestment of all dividends, interests and other 
income after the deduction of a fixed or formula-based dividend from such dividends, interest and other 
income; and 
"Type of Return" means "Excess Return", "Modified Price Return", "Net Total Return", "Price Return", 
"Gross Total Return", "Total Return – Synthetic Dividend" or "Other Return", as specified in the Index 
Rules.

--- Page 218 ---
205 
"Underlying Index" means an index constituting a Basket Component included in an SGI Index. 
"Underlying SGI Index" means an SGI Index which is itself an Index Component of another SGI Index. 
"Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event" means with respect to an Index Component that is an 
Underlying SGI Index, the non-publication of the level of such Underlying SGI Index, or the occurrence 
of a "disruption event" (howsoever defined in the index rules applicable to such Underlying SGI Index) 
as determined by Societe Generale in its capacity as sponsor or by the index calculation agent of such 
Underlying SGI Index. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such 
day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to Part 1 – (b) below; 
"Valuation Time" means the time on the relevant Valuation Date at which the Closing Price is scheduled 
to be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent pursuant to the Index Rules. If the calculation frequency 
is specified as "Real Time" in the Index Rules, the Valuation Time shall be any time during the regular 
trading session in Paris (or such other place, if any, specified in the relevant Index Rules); 
(b) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days  
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
PART 2 – ADJUSTMENTS EVENTS - HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING 
AND CHANGE IN LAW RELATING TO SGI INDICES 
1. 
Adjustments and Events 
(a) 
Adjustments 
(i) 
If on any Scheduled Trading Day, an SGI Index is: 
(A) 
not published by the relevant Index Calculation Agent, but is published by a 
successor index calculation agent (the "Successor Index Calculation 
Agent"), acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
(B) 
advised by a successor Index Advisor appointed by the Index Sponsor 
following an Index Advisor Extraordinary Event (in the case of an Advised 
SGI Index); or 
(C) 
replaced by a Similar Index, 
then (as the case may be) that index published by the Successor Index Calculation 
Agent or advised by the successor Index Advisor or such Similar Index will be deemed 
to be the SGI Index so calculated and announced. 
(ii) 
if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the 
relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent announce(s) that 
it/they will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that SGI Index or in any other way materially modifies that SGI 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that SGI Index and/or any modification reasonably incidental to 
such maintenance, in the event of changes in Index Components and other 
routine events) (an "Index Modification"); or 
(B) 
on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the Index 
Sponsor permanently cancels the SGI Index and no Similar Index exists or

--- Page 219 ---
206 
the agreement between the Index Calculation Agent and the Index Sponsor is 
terminated and such Index Calculation Agent cannot practicably be replaced 
(an "Index Cancellation"); 
(C) 
on any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the Index Calculation 
Agent fails to publish the Closing Price of the SGI Index other than as a result 
of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (an "Index Disruption" and 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an 
"Index Adjustment Event"); or 
(D) 
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise (i) one 
or more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an ETF Share or (ii) one or 
more Underlying Indices composed of one or more Fund Units or ETF Shares 
or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, an FRTB 
Event has occurred, 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
(w) 
calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition 
has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement using, in lieu 
of a published level for the SGI Index, the level of that SGI Index on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or, in respect of any event described in (ii)(A) and (B) above, Barrier 
Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that SGI Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only 
those Index Components that comprised the SGI Index immediately prior to that Index 
Adjustment Event (other than those Index Components that have since then ceased to be listed 
on any relevant Exchange), and adjust, as the case may be, any of the relevant terms of the 
Securities; 
(x) 
replace the SGI Index by a Similar Index (except for the case described in (B) above); or 
(y) 
consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter an "Early Redemption Event" 
or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay to each 
Holder as soon as possible after the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation 
Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 
25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; 
or 
(z) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(aa) 
only in case of a FRTB Event, substitute the SGI Index with the Substitute Index (an "Index 
Substitution Event"), where "Substitute Index" means an Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected SGI Index or, in the absence of 
benchmark for the affected SGI Index as having an investment strategy similar to the investment 
strategy of the affected SGI Index. Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, 
the Notes shall be governed by the SGI Index Sub-Annex for any aspect in relation to the 
Substitute Index, 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt: 
in the event of the occurrence or existence on a Barrier Date (which is not also a Valuation Date), 
of an Index Disruption in respect of an SGI Index which Index Rules specify that the only Basket 
Component "type" is "Physical Commodity" and/or "Commodity Contract", such Index 
Disruption will not result in the Calculation Agent taking any of the steps described in (w), (x), 
(y) and (z) above with respect to such Barrier Date. Instead, such date will no longer be

--- Page 220 ---
207 
considered a Barrier Date, and accordingly the Calculation Agent will not determine whether a 
Barrier Level is reached or any other condition has occurred for such date with respect to the SGI 
Index affected by the Index Disruption. 
(b) 
Stop-Loss Event relating to an SGI Index 
If, on any Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last 
Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an SGI Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per 
cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the "Affected SGI Index" and 
the event, the "Stop-Loss Event"), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
(i) 
substitute the Affected SGI Index by a Similar Index and it will adjust any relevant 
terms of the Securities accordingly; or 
(ii) 
continue with the Affected SGI Index; or 
(iii) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a 
cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter an "Early Redemption 
Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). In that case, the Issuer shall terminate 
its obligations under the Securities and pay to each Holder, as soon as possible after 
the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation 
Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical 
Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Correction of the Closing Price of an SGI Index 
In the event that any price or level published by the Index Calculation Agent which is used for 
any calculation or determination made under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published and made available to the public by the Index Calculation Agent after 
the original publication but no later than (i) in the case of Notes, four Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement) or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Actual Exercise Date in respect 
of any Warrant and (y) the fourth Business Day prior to the Expiration Date, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, will adjust the terms of the Securities to account for such correction, provided 
however that, all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another 
time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System. 
(d) 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event and 
consequences  
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Increased Cost of Hedging" and "Holding Limit 
Event" have the meanings given to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to an SGI Index (the "Affected Underlying"), the 
Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Conditions for 
Structured Securities.

--- Page 221 ---
208 
FUND TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Fund Linked Conditions") set out in the following fund technical annex (the 
"Fund Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, form 
part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference to the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities shall be 
construed accordingly. This Fund Technical Annex shall be applicable if the following is stated in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Fund Technical Annex apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should be read together 
with this Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Fund Technical Annex 
and this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Fund Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the same meanings as 
those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context requires. 
For the purpose of the Fund Linked Conditions, the following terms in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and 
Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
- Hedge Positions as used in Condition 8 of the General Terms and Conditions means Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions; 
- Intermediate Hedge Positions as used in Condition 8 of the General Terms and Conditions means Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
- Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 8 of the General Terms and Conditions means Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS SPECIFIC TO FUNDS 
"Adjusted Calculation Amount" means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, 
the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in 
that Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and 
the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period; 
"Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date" means, in relation to Notes only, the date which is the earlier of (a) the 
20th Business Day following the occurrence of the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Maturity Date; 
"Adjusted Maturity Date" means, in relation to Notes only, the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business 
Day following the occurrence of the Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date; 
"Adjusted Optional Cancellation Date" means, in the case of Warrants, the date which is the earlier of (a) the 
20th Business Day following the occurrence of the Optional Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Expiration Date; 
"Adjusted Optional Redemption Date" means, in the case of Notes, the date which is the earlier of (a) the 20th 
Business Day following the occurrence of the Optional Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Maturity Date; 
"Adjusted Settlement Date" means the date which is the earlier of (a) the 20th Business Day following the 
occurrence of the Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Scheduled Expiration Date; 
"Applicable Method" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, either Calculation Method, Execution 
Method/Subscription, Execution Method/Redemption, Order Method/Subscription or Order Method/Redemption. 
If in respect of the first Valuation Date to occur on or immediately following the Issue Date of the Securities (the 
"First Valuation Date"), no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
Order Method/Subscription shall be deemed the Applicable Method. If in respect of any Valuation Date which is 
not the First Valuation Date, no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
Order Method/Redemption shall be deemed to be the Applicable Method; 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion equal to 
the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, the cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax

--- Page 222 ---
209 
and duties incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment 
of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each outstanding Note or pro rata amongst each Outstanding Warrant, as the case may be; 
"Basket" means a basket composed of Funds (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Funds 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
"Closing Price" means in respect of any Fund (and in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent): 
(a) 
Where "Calculation Method" is specified as applicable to a Valuation Date in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, the official net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
Where "Execution Method/Subscription" is specified as applicable to a Valuation Date in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the aggregate amount per Fund Unit including all costs or fees (if any) 
that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Units 
pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Fund Unit(s) scheduled to be executed on the official 
net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
(c) 
Where "Execution Method/Redemption" is specified as applicable to a Valuation Date in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the aggregate amount per Fund Unit net of all costs or fees (if any) that 
would be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in 
Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Unit(s), scheduled to be executed on the 
official net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
(d) 
Where "Order Method/Subscription" is specified as applicable to a Valuation Date in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the aggregate amount per Fund Unit including all costs or fees (if any) 
that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Units 
pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Fund Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Fund on 
such Valuation Date; or 
(e) 
Where "Order Method/Redemption" is specified as applicable to a Valuation Date in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the aggregate amount per Fund Unit net of all costs or fees (if any), that 
would be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in 
Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the 
Fund on such Valuation Date; 
"Compounding Date" means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such Calculation Period; 
"Compounding Method" means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period 
Amounts for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period; 
"Compounding Period" means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a 
Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that Calculation Period; 
"Compounding Period Amount" means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted 
Calculation Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction; 
"Compounding Rate" means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight rate in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; 
the specific Compounding Rate used in respect of a Specified Currency shall be available at the office of the 
Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a 
Compounding Period (the first included and the last excluded) divided by 360; 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement;

--- Page 223 ---
210 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date or the Expiration Date (as applicable), the date 
on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor; 
"Fund" means the fund or the pooled investment vehicle as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement; 
"Fund Business Day" means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund 
observed separately), any date on which a Valid Order can be submitted by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to 
the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities; 
"Fund Valuation Day" means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each 
Fund observed separately), any date as defined in the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the 
Securities in respect of which the official net asset value of such Fund is determined as of such date in accordance 
with its Fund Documents; 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly 
or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment 
adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary 
manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the "Fund Adviser"), trustee or similar 
person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depositary, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent; 
"Fund Unit" means, in respect of any Fund, a share of such Fund or, if interests in such Fund are not denominated 
as shares, a unit of account of ownership in such Fund; 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"Hypothetical Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, 
of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or 
foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities linked to or indexed to 
the relevant Fund Unit due on, in the case of Notes, the Maturity Date or, in the case of Warrants, any potential 
future Settlement Date, as applicable, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security, provided that if the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date (in the case of Notes only) and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not 
occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date or the Expiration Date, as the case 
may be, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions in respect of such Securities will include the Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided further that all references to the 
word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. For the purposes of this definition of 
"Hypothetical Hedge Position", "Clearing System" means the clearing system through which the Securities are 
cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the Fund Units), located in France (which for the avoidance of doubt 
may be the Hedge Entity), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the Fund 
Units, to have (a) the benefits and obligations, as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding 
Fund Units; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting 
redemption of Fund Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund, to have submitted a Valid 
Order requesting subscription of Fund Units;

--- Page 224 ---
211 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
"Intermediate Amount" means either an Interest Amount or an Instalment Amount; 
"Intermediate Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date on which 
the liquidation proceeds of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if 
any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor; 
"Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions" means, in the case of Notes only, any purchase, sale, entry into 
or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing 
transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities 
howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on an Intermediate Payment Date, apportioned 
pro rata to each outstanding Note; 
"Intermediate Payment Date" means, in the case of Notes only, either an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment 
Date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Notes; 
"Maturity Date" means, in the case of Notes only, the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement of the relevant Notes; 
"Maturity Disruption Event" means, in the case of Notes, that an Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or an 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Maturity Date, provided further that all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed 
to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
relevant Clearing System. For the purposes of this definition of "Maturity Disruption Event", Clearing System 
means the clearing system through which the Securities are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Optional Cancellation Amount" means, in the case of Warrants only, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Warrants; 
"Optional Cancellation Cut-Off Date" means, with respect to an Optional Cancellation Date, the Business Day 
preceding such Optional Cancellation Date by a number of Business Days or calendar days equal to the number 
of Business Days or calendar days of the notice period (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement); 
"Optional Cancellation Date" means, in the case of Warrants only, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Warrants; 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date or Optional Cancellation 
Date, as the case may be, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical 
Investor; 
"Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits 
or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order 
to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities linked to or 
indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on an Optional Redemption Date or Optional Cancellation Date, as the case 
may be, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note or Outstanding Warrant (as applicable); 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in the case of Notes only, the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Notes;

--- Page 225 ---
212 
"Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date" means, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date, the Business Day 
preceding such Optional Redemption Date by a number of Business Days or calendar days equal to the number 
of Business Days or calendar days of the notice period (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement); 
"Optional Redemption Date" means, in the case of Notes only, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Notes; 
"Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date" means in relation to Notes only, if a Maturity Disruption Event occurs, 
the date that falls on the second anniversary date of the Maturity Date, or if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day; 
"Postponed Scheduled Expiration Date" means, in relation to Warrants only, if a Settlement Disruption Event 
occurs, the date that falls on the second anniversary of the Expiration Date or if such day is not a Business Day, 
the immediately following Business Day; 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Specified 
Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency 
used to convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Date" means, in relation to Warrants only, the date determined in accordance with Condition 22(e) 
(General) of the General Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Warrant that has been validly exercised (whether by 
delivery of an Exercise Notice or the application of Automatic Exercise) or in respect of which the Issuer has 
exercised its option to cancel early such Warrants, that the Full Liquidation Date and/or Optional Cancellation 
Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the applicable Settlement Date; 
"Valid Order" means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service 
Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and 
the relevant cut-off time as set forth in the Fund Documents; 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund 
observed separately), each date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or if, for a Fund, 
such date is not a Fund Business Day or a Fund Valuation Day (as the case may be), the next following Fund 
Business Day or Fund Valuation Day for such Fund (the "Scheduled Valuation Date"), unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case the Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Part 2 
– 3 below. Any Initial Valuation Date, Final Valuation Date, annual Valuation Date, quarterly Valuation Date, 
monthly Valuation Date or weekly Valuation Date specified in the Offering Circular Supplement shall be deemed 
to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of this Fund Technical Annex. 
PART 2 – ADJUSTMENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - DISRUPTION 
EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES – CONSEQUENCES OF MATURITY DISRUPTION EVENTS AND 
SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENTS 
1. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting a Fund or the 
value of the relevant Fund Units including, without limitation: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Units to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units of (a) an additional 
quantity of such Fund Unit, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Fund Units; or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar

--- Page 226 ---
213 
transaction; or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase 
is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated by 
an investor in such Fund Units that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(e) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Units or quantity of Fund Units, 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
2. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES 
2.1 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events (each an "Extraordinary Event") on or after the Issue Date: 
(a) 
"Change in Law", (i) if "Fund Linked Notes Events" is set as applicable in the Offering Circular 
Supplement, means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determined 
in good faith that it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by the Hedge 
Entity with the Fund or Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach of Termination 
Agreement" in (B) below (ii) otherwise means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect 
of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a Hypothetical Investor to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as the case may be 
(including the relevant Fund Units) or it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered 
into by the Hedge Entity with the Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in Part 2 – 2(b) 
below or (y) the Hedge Entity or the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under any agreement entered into by such person with the Fund or the Fund 
Service Provider mentioned in Part 2 – 2(b) below (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(b) 
"Breach" or "Termination of Agreement" means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider with the Hedge Entity, defining (x) the terms and conditions on 
which the Hedge Entity may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund Units (as the 
case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant 
to the Fund Documents), including, as the case may be, the rebates of management fees to be 
paid to the Hedge Entity, (y) the undertaking made by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider to 
the Hedge Entity on the basis of which the Hedge Entity determines that it can implement 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions in compliance with the Volcker Rule (as defined in the Additional 
Conditions for Structured Securities), the termination of such agreement by the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of the Hedge Entity or the failing or ceasing of 
such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
(c) 
"Closure of the Fund" means liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason 
other than those mentioned in Part 2 – 2(f) or Part 2 - 2(k) below;

--- Page 227 ---
214 
(d) 
"Fund Adviser Event" means, unless the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Fund 
Linked Notes Events" applies (in which case Fund Adviser Event is not applicable), that the 
Calculation Agent determines that over a period of 12 months, the total value of the assets 
managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent. (either due to 
redemptions or the decrease in value of such assets); 
(e) 
"Fund Hedging Disruption" means, unless the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that 
"Fund Linked Notes Events" applies (in which case Fund Hedging Disruption is not applicable) 
that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as applicable, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, 
where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the transfer of all illiquid 
assets of the Fund being all or part of the Intermediate and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (if applicable) to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such 
assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (ii) the restriction on 
the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider generally in charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) will accept in 
relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (iii) the 
suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the subscription and redemption orders), (iv) 
the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring 
after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors 
(holdback), or increase in charges or fees imposed by the relevant Fund or (v) any mandatory 
redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Unit imposed by the relevant Fund, in each case 
whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents 
on the Issue Date of the Securities or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue 
Date of the Securities and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date; 
(f) 
"Fund Insolvency Event" means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment or 
arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, 
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or 
such regulator, supervisor or similar official or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity 
not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
(y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event with 
respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above; 
(g) 
"Fund Modification" means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities, that could reasonably be expected to affect the 
value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not

--- Page 228 ---
215 
limited to an open-end fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(h) 
"Fund Service Provider Event" (i) if "Fund Linked Notes Events" is set as applicable in the 
Offering Circular Supplement, means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of 
any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service 
Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund 
Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider 
or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the 
management of the Fund has occurred (ii) otherwise means (a) a change, resignation, 
termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect 
control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service 
Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same 
meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in Part 2 – 2(f) above, except that "Fund" is 
replaced by "Fund Service Provider" or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the 
standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, 
replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has 
occurred; 
(i) 
"Holding Limit Event" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities; 
(j) 
"Holding Ratio" (i) If "Fund Linked Notes Events" is set as applicable in the Offering Circular 
Supplement, means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value under an amount that 
has a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or 
would increase the proportion of Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds 
managed by the Hedge Entity, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order 
of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is impaired; 
(ii) otherwise means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value under an amount that, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect 
on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or would increase the 
proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds 
managed by the Hedge Entity, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order 
of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be 
impaired; 
(k) 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, unless the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that 
"Fund Linked Notes Events" applies (in which case Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Securities) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided that 
assuming the Hypothetical Investor is the Hedge Entity, any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedge Entity or any 
of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
(l) 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all 
the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring 
or redeeming them; 
(m) 
"Liquidity Modification" means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided 
in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Securities or implements a modification of

--- Page 229 ---
216 
the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled 
by the Fund regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged 
in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Securities; 
(n) 
"Merger Event" means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or 
securities, or the split of the Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its 
conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
(o) 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(p) 
"Regulatory Action", (i) if "Fund Linked Notes Events" is set as applicable in the Offering 
Circular Supplement, means with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unite or the related Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund 
Service Provider that has an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or any investor 
therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund 
Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for 
any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider, 
(ii) otherwise means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal 
or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that 
is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor 
therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund 
Service Providers becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund 
Service Provider; 
(q) 
"Reporting Disruption" means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause 
to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been previously delivered 
to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such Fund, or its authorised representative's, 
normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund's 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar 
policies relating to such Fund Units; 
(r) 
"Strategy Breach", (i) if "Fund Linked Notes Events" is set as applicable in the Offering 
Circular Supplement, means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the related Fund Documents, that affects the value of the Fund Units or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) 
any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the 
Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities by reason of, but not 
limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of 
assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund 
(ii) otherwise means, (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated 
in the related Fund Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or 
the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk 
profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities by reason 
of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the 
type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of 
the Fund, 
(s) 
"FRTB Event" means in respect of any Fund Unit that the related Fund or the relevant Fund 
Service Provider (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may

--- Page 230 ---
217 
be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of 
a bilateral agreement with the Hedge Entity, if any, does not provide the Hedge Entity with the 
FRTB Information and as a consequence, the Hedge Entity would incur materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Securities) capital 
requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented into 
French law, in holding the Fund Unit,  
where "FRTB Information" means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities 
data, in a processable format to enable the Hedge Entity, as a holder of the Fund Unit, to 
calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the Fund; 
"processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used by the 
Hedge Entity by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by 
financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
  
(A) 
consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early redemption 
of the Notes or a cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter 
an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). 
Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to 
be paid an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation 
Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) 
(Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex 
Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early 
Redemption Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its 
obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity 
Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent did not consider such event as an Early Redemption Event may decide 
to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the 
Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount in 
cash; or 
(ii) 
in the case of 2(m) above only, replace the Fund Unit by the kind and number of units 
or other securities and property receivable on such conversion, split, consolidation, 
merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of Fund Units prior to such conversion, split, 
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of 
the Fund Unit and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such Fund Unit; 
or 
(iii) 
apply any of the following methods: 
(A) 
Substitution (as defined in Part 2 - 3.4 below), or 
(B) 
Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date (as defined below), or 
(C) 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Expiration Date in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions, or 
only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
(iv) 
deduct: 
(A) 
in respect of Notes only, from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one 
Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the

--- Page 231 ---
218 
Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any 
tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost 
of Hedging incurred by the Hedge Entity, in relation to the Hedge Positions 
hedging the payment obligation of the Issuer under the Notes and such 
amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the 
"Reduction Amount"); provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date 
on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, 
the Reduction Amount in respect of one Security is higher than such Interest 
Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) 
on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero 
and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount 
(prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the 
Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment 
Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in 
part after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, 
the remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Instalment 
Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever 
comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(B) 
in respect of Notes only and in the absence of any Interest Amount, (a) from 
the Instalment Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if any) or 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note, whichever comes 
first, and (b) in the absence of any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final 
Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case 
after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount 
(the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants only, (a) from the Optional Cancellation Amount (if 
any) or the Cancellation Amount (if any) due under one Warrant, whichever 
comes first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Cancellation Amount or 
Cancellation Amount in respect of the Warrants, from the Settlement Amount 
due under one Warrant on the Settlement Date, in each case after the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the 
result of such deduction being floored at zero). 
Provided, however, that 
If, in relation to Notes only, "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" or "Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement of the 
relevant Notes then: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Option Exercise Notice 
or the exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional redemption relating to an Optional 
Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling after the date of such 
occurrence shall be null and void; and 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, with respect to Option 
Exercise Notices or the exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional redemption relating to an 
Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling on or before the 
date of such occurrence, the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or 
adjustments described in (i), (ii) or (iii) above. 
If, in relation to Warrants only, "Cancellation at the Option of the Issuer" is specified as being applicable 
in the Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Warrants: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the exercise by the Issuer 
of its right of optional cancellation relating to an Optional Cancellation Date with an Optional 
Cancellation Cut-Off Date falling after the date of such occurrence shall be null and void.

--- Page 232 ---
219 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event with respect to the exercise 
by the Issuer of its right of optional cancellation relating to an Optional Cancellation Date with 
an Optional Cancellation Cut-Off Date falling on or before the date of such occurrence, the 
Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or adjustments described in (i), (ii) 
or (iii) above. 
Only in case of FRTB Event: 
- 
substitute the Affected Fund with the Substitute Index (an "Index Substitution Event"), where 
Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the 
benchmark of the Affected Fund, or, in the absence of benchmark for the Affected Fund, as having 
an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Affected Fund. 
Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Securities shall be governed by the 
provisions of the Index Sub-Annex for any aspect in relation with the Substitute Index. 
3. 
DISRUPTION EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES 
3.1 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Fund Linked Notes 
Events" applies the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following 
events (each a "Disruption Event") in respect of a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (the "Disrupted 
Day") and a Fund or Fund Unit (the "Affected Fund"): 
(a) 
"Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" means the occurrence of an event, beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor (including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse subscription and/or 
redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset 
value per Fund Unit of the Fund by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge 
of calculating such official net asset value); or 
(b) 
"Fund Settlement Disruption" means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of 
the redemption proceeds on the date by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without limitation due to 
(a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure 
pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side 
pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemption orders that the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in 
relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the 
suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders) or (d) 
the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring 
after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors 
(holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged 
in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Securities or are already envisaged by the Fund 
Documents on the Issue Date of the Securities and are solely implemented by the Fund after 
such date; or 
(c) 
"NAV Determination Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any event (beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor) other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption" in Part 2 – 3.1(a) above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in Part 2 – 
3.1(b) above affecting such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes 
it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, 
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Valuation Date" and the "Scheduled 
Averaging Date" respectively) in respect of the Affected Fund, shall be postponed to the immediately 
following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day (as specified to be applicable in relation to such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the Offering Circular Supplement) that is no longer affected by a 
Disruption Event for such Affected Fund.

--- Page 233 ---
220 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Fund Business Days or 
Fund Valuation Days, as the case may be, following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date, or if no Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not 
affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(X) 
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value per Fund Unit of such Fund which shall 
be deemed to be the Closing Price in respect of such Valuation Date; 
(Y) 
(i) 
consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
or a cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter an "Early Redemption 
Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively).  Where an Early Redemption Event 
or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the 
Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex 
Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
only in case of Fund Settlement Disruption, (a) consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Redemption 
Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early 
Redemption Amount in cash; or (b) if Fund Settlement Disruption is continuing on the 
last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount 
by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount in cash; or 
(Z) 
apply either (1) Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions, (2) 
"Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date" (as set out below) or (3) "Substitution" (as set 
out below). 
Provided that: 
(A) 
If, in relation to Notes only, "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" or "Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement of the relevant Notes: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, the Option Exercise 
Notice or the exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional redemption relating to an 
Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling after the 
date of such occurrence shall be null and void; and 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, with respect to Option 
Exercise Notices or the exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional redemption 
relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date 
falling on or before the date of such occurrence, the Calculation Agent may proceed 
with the determinations and/or adjustments described in (X), (Y) or (Z) above; 
(B) 
If, in relation to Warrants only, "Cancellation at the Option of the Issuer" is specified as being 
applicable in the Offering Circular Supplement of the relevant Warrants: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, the exercise by the 
Issuer of its right of optional cancellation relating to an Optional Cancellation Date 
with an Optional Cancellation Cut-Off Date falling after the date of such occurrence 
shall be null and void. 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, with respect to the 
exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional cancellation relating to an Optional 
Cancellation Date with an Optional Cancellation Cut-Off Date falling on or before the

--- Page 234 ---
221 
date of such occurrence, the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations 
and/or adjustments described in (x), (y) or (z) above. 
(C) 
If a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed 
pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation 
Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled 
Averaging Date; if on the earlier of (i) the fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as 
the case may be, following the Scheduled Averaging Date and (ii) the thirty-fifth calendar day 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the 
case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, 
then that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as 
the case may be, shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that fifth Fund 
Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the case may be, is 
also a Scheduled Averaging Date or is a Disrupted Day), and the Calculation Agent shall make 
on that day the determinations described in (X) above, and the good faith estimate of the net 
asset value per Unit of such Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of any Securities, a Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than 
the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Securities on the 
basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall 
after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Securities 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth 
Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall elect to make the determinations and/or adjustments described in either (X), (Y) or 
(Z) above on such fourth Business Day and, in case the Calculation Agent elects to make the 
determinations described in (X) above, the good faith estimate of the net asset value of the Fund 
so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1: 
- 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; 
and 
- 
"Clearing System" means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
3.2 
Consequences of Maturity Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Fund Linked Notes 
Events" applies, the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Maturity Disruption 
Event, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(i) 
unless the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Fund Linked Notes Events" applies (in 
which case only paragraph (ii) below is applicable), consider such Maturity Disruption Event 
as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an "Early Redemption 
Event"). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations 
under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount as defined in 
Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(ii) 
apply Postponement to the Adjusted Maturity Date (as described below). 
3.3 
Consequences of Settlement Disruption Event 
In respect of Warrants only, upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of a Settlement Disruption Event then the Calculation Agent may either:

--- Page 235 ---
222 
(i) 
consider such Settlement Disruption Event as an event triggering a cancellation of the Warrants 
(hereafter, a "Cancellation Event"). In the case where a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer 
shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid a 
Cancellation Amount in accordance with the provisions of Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex 
Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
apply "Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date" (as described in Part 3 below). 
3.4 
Substitution 
The Calculation Agent shall (1) identify a fund (the "Substitute Fund") having an investment strategy 
similar to the investment strategy of the Fund affected by the event giving rise to the Substitution (the 
"Affected Fund") and (2) may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Fund is substituted, 
on any date "t", with a Substitute Fund, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, shall not 
be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Fund and would mean the 
closing price of units for such Substitute Fund on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking 
coefficient so that it is equal to the Closing Price of the Affected Fund on such date "t". 
PART 3 - POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE  
1. 
POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE (IN RESPECT OF NOTES ONLY) 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date, the 
Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the Intermediate Amount(s) initially scheduled to 
be paid on any Intermediate Payment Date and/or (2) the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional 
Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an 
amount described in Part 3 - 1.1 to Part 3 - 1.3 below. 
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Maturity Disruption Event, 
the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment on the Maturity Date of the Intermediate Amount(s) 
and/or the Optional Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount, but instead will, in full 
and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Part 3. 
1.1 
Postponement to the Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date 
1.1.1 
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement which could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay on the Adjusted Intermediate Payment 
Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive 
cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation 
Date, as a result of liquidating, the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, 
converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this 
provision).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor 
as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish 
any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.

--- Page 236 ---
223 
1.1.2 
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the 
Minimum Intermediate Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Intermediate Payment Date 
an amount per Note equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount and (2) on the Adjusted 
Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to 
the positive difference, if any, between: 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in 
place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if 
any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary 
into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of 
this provision) and  
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as 
zero. 
1.2 
Postponement to the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date 
1.2.1 
In respect of the payment of any Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement which could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay on the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date an 
amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a 
Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating 
the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place 
with respect to all or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the 
result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange 
Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this provision).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, 
if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
1.2.2 
In respect of the payment of any Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive 
(the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Redemption Date an amount 
per Note equal to the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Optional 
Redemption Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive 
difference between: 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter 
alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted

--- Page 237 ---
224 
if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision) and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as 
zero.  
1.3 
Postponement to the Adjusted Maturity Date 
1.3.1 
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount 
and/or the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
which could be as low as zero  
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay on the Adjusted Maturity Date an amount 
per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a 
Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in 
place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as the case may 
be) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which converted if necessary into the Specified 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or on the Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation 
Amount" for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) 
interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period, if any, (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") between (x) the Intermediate Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date 
(included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Maturity Date (excluded),  
provided however that: 
all references to the word "fourth" in (y) above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor 
as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any 
liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
1.3.2 
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount 
and/or the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Redemption 
Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Maturity Date an amount per 
Note equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Maturity Date an 
amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference between:

--- Page 238 ---
225 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or 
the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may be, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of 
which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may be, is a 
"Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method) together with (c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation 
Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, (which for 
the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation 
Period") between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Adjusted Maturity Date (excluded),  
provided however that all references to the word "fourth" in (y) above may be deemed 
to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation 
Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
1.3.3 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred, at the latest on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the amount paid by the Issuer on the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date 
pursuant to Part 3 - 1.3.1 and Part 3 - 1.3.2 above, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with 
on such fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date as a result of 
liquidating (pursuant to the provisions above) the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such the Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this 
provision).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hypothetical 
Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1.3.3, all references to the word "fourth" sin the provision 
above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 239 ---
226 
2. 
POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE (IN RESPECT OF WARRANTS 
ONLY) 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date, the 
Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the Optional Cancellation Amount on the Optional 
Cancellation Date and/or (2) the Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement on the Settlement Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay 
an amount described in Part 3 - 2.1 and/or Part 3 - 2.2 below. 
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment on the Settlement Date of the Optional 
Cancellation Amount and/or the Settlement Amount, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations, pay an amount described in Part 3. 
2.1 
Postponement to the Adjusted Optional Cancellation Date 
2.1.1 
In respect of the cancellation of Warrants whose Optional Cancellation Amount as defined in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay on the Adjusted Optional Cancellation 
Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive 
cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if 
necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this provision). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor 
as Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish 
any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; or 
2.1.2 
In respect of the cancellation of Warrants whose Optional Cancellation Amount as defined in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly 
positive (the Optional Minimum Cancellation Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Cancellation Date 
an amount per Warrant equal to the Optional Minimum Cancellation Amount and (2) on the 
Adjusted Optional Cancellation Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between: 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to all or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus 
(b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this provision) and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Cancellation Amount; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor 
as Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish 
any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.

--- Page 240 ---
227 
2.2 
Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date 
2.2.1 
In respect of the settlement of Warrants whose Optional Cancellation Amount and/or Settlement 
Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay on the Adjusted Settlement Date an 
amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash 
amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in 
place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated 
Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes 
of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that would have 
accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, 
if any, (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
"Calculation Period") between (x) the Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Settlement 
Date (excluded)).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor 
as Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, 
if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; or 
2.2.2 
in respect of the settlement of Warrants whose Optional Cancellation Amount and/or Settlement 
Amount as defined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement cannot be in any case lower 
than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Settlement Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Part 3, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Expiration Date an amount 
per Warrant equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Settlement Date 
an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference 
between: 
(i) 
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may be, 
as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in 
place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) 
minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may be, is a 
"Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this provision) together with (c) interest 
that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period, if any, (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a "Calculation Period") between (x) the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Adjusted Settlement Date (excluded); and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor 
as Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, 
if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.

--- Page 241 ---
228 
2.2.3 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred, at the latest on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled Expiration Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the amount paid by the Issuer on the Postponed Scheduled Expiration Date 
pursuant to Part 3 - 2.1 above, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of (a) 
the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on such fourth 
Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled Expiration Date as a result of liquidating 
(pursuant to the provisions above) the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) 
minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Postponed Scheduled Expiration Date, is a "Calculation Amount" for the purposes of this 
provision).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hypothetical Investor under 
its Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by the Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation 
Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.

--- Page 242 ---
229 
CREDIT TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Credit Linked Conditions") set out in the following credit technical annex (the 
"Credit Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, form 
part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference to the "Conditions" of the relevant Notes shall be 
construed accordingly. This Credit Technical Annex shall be applicable if the following is stated in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Credit Technical Annex apply to these Notes and should be read together with this 
Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Credit Technical Annex and this 
Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Credit Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the same meanings as 
those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context requires. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason of 
maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such 
obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws. 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, no Accrued Interest upon 
Credit Event or Accrued Interest upon Credit Event or Guaranteed Coupon as specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
"Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon 
Credit Event". 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a "LPN") by an entity (the 
"LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (A) finance a loan to the Reference 
Entity (the "Underlying Loan"); or (B) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other 
Borrowed Money instrument (the "Underlying Finance Instrument"); provided that, (i) either (a) in the event 
that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity; or (b) in the event that there is an Underlying Finance 
Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; (ii) the LPN satisfies the following 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or Selected Obligation Characteristics (as applicable): Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Specified Currency- Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of 
certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) 
for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs.  
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Issue Date, which list is currently available 
at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) or as stipulated in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity 
that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the 
person. For this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the 
entity or person concerned. 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means at any time: 
(a) 
for a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference 
Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; or

--- Page 243 ---
230 
(b) 
for a Tranche Note, the lowest of: 
(i) 
the Tranche Notional Amount; and 
(ii) 
the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount 
for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
"American Settlement" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Type specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement is "American Settlement". 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent 
fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in 
circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference 
to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may include 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is 
offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset 
Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in 
respect of the Reference Obligation, if Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; 
and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date determined by the 
Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Position, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, 
no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial 
banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) 
or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Assignable Loan is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be 
construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if 
Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category. 
"Attachment Point" means in respect of Tranche Notes, the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 244 ---
231 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Method" means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the Final Value will be determined by reference to the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means a date that is a Payment Business Day as specified in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement and that is the later of: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date); or 
(b) 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in 
relation to Basket Notes and to Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date if 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered on or before the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
or 
(c) 
where applicable, the later of the two following dates: 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" 
to the relevant Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the 
last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if: 
(A) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
(B) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
(C) 
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date; and 
(D) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is 
delivered on or prior to such fourth Payment Business Day; and 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" 
to the relevant Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in 
the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Grace 
Period Extension Date, if: 
(A) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; 
(B) 
such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; and 
(C) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or 
prior to such fourth Payment Business Day; or

--- Page 245 ---
232 
(d) 
where applicable, the later of the two following dates: 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" 
to the relevant Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, 
or in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if: 
(A) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
(B) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
(C) 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date 
relating 
to 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium falls after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; and 
(D) 
a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered 
on or prior the day that is four Payment Business Days following such 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" 
to the relevant Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, 
or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if 
(A) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; 
(B) 
the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the Potential Failure to Pay falls after the 
relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; and 
(C) 
a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior 
to the day that is four Payment Business Days following such Grace Period Extension 
Date. 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is 
delivered prior to the Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date (or, where applicable, prior to the 
day that is four Payment Business Days following (a) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date 
relating to the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating 
to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay) and is still effective on the Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date (or, where applicable, on the day that is four Payment Business Days following (a) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or 
(b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay), the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date will be either the date on which the Suspended Amounts are paid to the 
Noteholders or, if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is 
delivered, the day that is four Payment Business Days following the related Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due;

--- Page 246 ---
233 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or 
petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up 
or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) of this definition 
of Bankruptcy. 
"Basket Note" means a Credit Linked Note indexed on several Reference Entities for which the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Basket Notes". 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is in the form 
of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or 
other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for 
which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed 
money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Business Day" means, the days specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement [and solely for the 
purposes of physical settlement, if applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which a bank must be open in 
order to effect settlement of any Deliverable Obligations being Delivered]**. 
"Cash Redemption Amount" means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement":  
In respect of each Credit Linked Note for which physical settlement is partially or totally Illegal or 
Impossible, an amount equal to the sum of each Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation; 
or 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
(i) 
In respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor 
and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked 
Note, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or

--- Page 247 ---
234 
(ii) 
In respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of 
zero, equal to the product of (A) the Principal Credit Factor and (B) the Nominal Amount of 
each Credit Linked Note, minus the product of (x) the Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked 
Note, (y) the Principal Loss Factor and (z) the difference between the Reference Price and the 
Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the 
Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal 
for each Credit Linked Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the 
Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity 
Date; or 
(iv) 
In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal 
for each Credit Linked Note to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the 
difference between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount 
and (y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
"Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation" means, in respect of one Credit Linked Note and 
an Undeliverable Obligation, the product of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation and (ii) the final price of such Undeliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with the Quotation Dealers Method (save as provided below), divided by the number 
of Credit Linked Notes in respect of which there are such Undeliverable Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where Illegal or Impossible is due to the inability to purchase the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations despite the Issuer's reasonable efforts, the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation will be 
determined in accordance with the Auction Method. If no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published 
on or prior to the Credit Valuation Date, such final price will be deemed to be zero. 
"Cash Redemption Date" means a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Type" is "American 
Settlement": 
The day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, 
or in relation to Basket Notes and to Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date. 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement":  
The later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business Days 
following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
"Cash Settlement" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Method specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement is "Cash Settlement". 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement":  
A Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned 
or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the 
case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, provided, however, that a Deliverable

--- Page 248 ---
235 
Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or 
the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or 
any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable 
Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement 
that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, 
fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not 
be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation. 
Where Mod Mod R applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement is 
a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where 
a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical Settlement 
Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the cash settlement provisions described in 
Part 2 below shall apply. 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":  
A Selected Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or 
novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the 
case of any Selected Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, provided, however, that a Selected Obligation 
other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Selected Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of 
the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Selected Obligation) or any agent is 
required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Selected Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Selected Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Selected Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*. 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristic Consent Required Loan is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Loans (and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Category). 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the 
DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and the establishment of the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) in connection 
with "Credit Derivative Transactions" as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
"Credit Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
during the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium or, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention as specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether 
or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon:

--- Page 249 ---
236 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as 
applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
A Credit Event need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, in relation to a Credit Event, the date specified in the related Credit 
Event Notice, which date will be, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (a) the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date in respect of such Credit Event; (b) such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including without limitation, by reference to Hedge Positions; 
or (c) if no such date is specified, the date the Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or prior to the Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date. A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of a Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. Unless Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if a Credit Event 
Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit 
Event Question. 
"Credit Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" 
and the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery": 
The date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the 
information of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement":  
The date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, subject, as the 
case may be, to Part 2, paragraph 1.1(b)(iii). PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation on the Credit Valuation Date (the "Original 
Credit Valuation Date"), the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within the fifteen (15) 
Business Days' period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, on which the Calculation Agent is 
able to determine such final price. 
(c) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" 
and the clause "Final Value" is "Floating Recovery": 
(i) 
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Auction Method, the auction date or any other 
date specified by the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; or

--- Page 250 ---
237 
(ii) 
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Quotation Dealers Method, the Calculation 
Agent will select a date that is on or before the 160th Business Day following the Credit Event 
Determination Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Final Value at the latest on the 
Original Credit Valuation Date, the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within the fifteen 
Business Day period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, on which the Calculation Agent is 
able to determine the Final Value, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later than 
the 180th Business Day following the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Daily Interest Calculation Amount" means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period, the product of: 
(a) 
The Interest Credit Factor; and 
(b) 
Either: 
(i) 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Notes (which are not Tranche Notes) and if the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Interest Recovery" is "Fixed Interest 
Recovery":  
An amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the sum of (a) the sum, for each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
on or prior to such day, of the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity and (ii) 1 (one) minus the product of (x) the Interest Loss Factor 
and (y) the difference between the Reference Price and the Interest Recovery Rate, and 
(b) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts of all the Reference Entities in 
respect of which no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to such 
day.  
(ii) 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes and if the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Interest Recovery" is "Floating Interest 
Recovery":  
An amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the 
product of the Interest Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount, provided that any Loss 
Amount that has not been determined on or before such day, shall be deemed to be equal to the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. The difference between the Interest that would 
have been payable if the Loss Amount had been determined on such date and the Interest 
actually paid shall be payable following the determination of such Loss Amount and paid either 
on the first Interest Payment Date after the fourth Business Day following the Credit Valuation 
Date, or if, such determination occurs after the last Interest Payment Date, on the fourth Payment 
Business Day following the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
(iii) 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Tranche Notes and if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
specifies that the clause "Interest Recovery" is "Fixed Interest Recovery": 
An amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus an 
amount equal to the product of the Interest Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount that 
would be calculated if the Final Value for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred was deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery Rate. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters 
described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof).

--- Page 251 ---
238 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by 
the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine 
the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by 
the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference 
Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its website 
at http://www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof.  
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event). 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Specified 
Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other 
necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Specified Deliverable Obligations where 
only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations to the relevant Noteholder or Noteholders free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but 
including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors 
set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference 
Entity or, as applicable any Underlying Obligor) provided that if a Specified Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, 
Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee 
has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, 
Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used 
in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated 
as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the above paragraph of this definition of Deliver 
shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, 
it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or equivalent amount in the Specified 
Currency of the Credit Linked Notes) of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
otherwise due shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on 
which the Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to Noteholders, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by 
Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion, and (v) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount 
of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means any of: 
(a) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
(b) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described 
by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Offering

--- Page 252 ---
239 
Circular Supplement (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are 
Deliverable Obligations); 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation: 
and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the 
purposes of paragraph (d) above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements 
specified in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if a Deliverable Obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Deliverable Obligation shall not 
cause such Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Where a Specified Deliverable Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the 
Credit Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine the Specified Currency equivalent of Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that Specified Deliverable 
Obligation for the purpose of calculating the Physical Delivery Amount determined by reference to the mid-point 
rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source selected by 
the Calculation Agent on the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement is effective (or, if the Notice of 
Physical Settlement is changed on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the date on which notice of the last 
such change is effective) or, if the cash settlement provisions apply, on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other 
date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate 
is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate. 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. In case of Reference 
Obligation Only, no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable. 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required 
Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the Deliverable Obligation may include any Loan 
that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
"Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" means:

--- Page 253 ---
240 
(a) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement": 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued 
but unpaid interest, unless "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine); or 
(b) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement" and: 
(i) 
"Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected 
Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected 
Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Selected Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest 
and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
"Detachment Point" means in respect of Tranche Notes the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and 
any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency 
of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the 
relevant Reference Entity is organized, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organized, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect 
of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount 
which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the 
terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any (i) bank or other financial institution; (ii) insurance or reinsurance company; (iii) mutual fund, unit 
trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in paragraph (c)(i) below); 
and (iv) registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship); provided, 
however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000;

--- Page 254 ---
241 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: (i) that is an 
investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of collateralised debt 
obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least 
USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; (ii) that has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; or (iii) the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described 
in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; or 
(d) 
(1) any Sovereign; or (2) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between 
two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of Eligible Transferee to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"European Settlement" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Type specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement is "European Settlement". 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event.  
"Excluded Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement:  
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and the Credit Linked Notes constitute a Senior Transaction in respect of the Reference 
Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and the Credit Linked Notes constitute a Subordinated Transaction in respect of the 
Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or 
Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Excluded Selected Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and

--- Page 255 ---
242 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event.  
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day (as defined in the DC Rules) prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (as specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms), if any; 
or 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any; or 
(iv) 
in case sub-sections (a)(i) to (a)(iii) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after 
the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(v) 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge 
Positions. 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 14 calendar days following such No 
Auction Announcement Date; or 
(iii) 
in case sub-sections (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days 
after the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge 
Positions.  
"Extension Date" means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day following 
the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or, in the event of delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, the date 
that is 110 Business Days following the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to make, 
when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or 
indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a 
reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such 
freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination.

--- Page 256 ---
243 
"Fallback Settlement Event" means: 
(a) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) or (c)(i) of the definition thereof;  
(b) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; or 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs. 
A Fallback Settlement Event may occur on any date from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to 
and including the 160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means, in respect of a [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage) of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of such [Selected]* 
[Undeliverable]** Obligation, obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below. 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably 
practicable at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market of the relevant [Selected]* 
[Undeliverable]** Obligation or such other location as selected by the Calculation Agent.  
To such end: 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent obtains more than three Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final 
Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations with the 
highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations will be disregarded). 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain more than three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly three 
Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations will be 
disregarded). 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly two Full Quotations 
on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two Full Quotations, but obtains a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be such Weighted Average Quotation. 
(e) 
If the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than two Full Quotations and no Weighted Average Quotation on 
the Credit Valuation Date, then the Final Price will be an amount that the Calculation Agent shall 
determine on the next Business Day on which the Calculation Agent obtains two or more Full Quotations 
or a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full 
Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth 
Business Day following the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be deemed to be zero. 
"Final Valuation Notice" means the notice delivered on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement": 
(i) 
except if the Final Value is specified as Fixed Recovery in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement or (assuming Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published on or before 140 
Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date and there is no occurrence of a 
Fallback Settlement Event) if the Final Value is specified as Floating Recovery and Auction 
Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the Selected 
Obligations (with an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, equal to the Exercise Amount);

--- Page 257 ---
244 
(ii) 
the Cash Redemption Amount; and 
(iii) 
the Cash Redemption Date. 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement" and the provisions of Part 2, paragraph 1.1(b) apply:  
The Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation (if any). 
"Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date" means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 7th 
Business Day following the Credit Valuation Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Final Valuation 
Notice on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing Systems, for the information of the Noteholders. 
"Final Value" means, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred, either: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed 
Recovery":  
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; or 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Final Value" is "Floating 
Recovery": 
(i) 
If Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and 
therefore the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to a Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and if a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business 
Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, that provides for the valuation of 
obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred, subject to the 
occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, the Auction Final Price (as specified in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and expressed as a percentage) determined, if any, under 
such Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of the Reference 
Obligation; or  
(ii) 
If (i) Auction Method is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and (x) a 
Fallback Settlement Event occurs or (y) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published 
on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) 
Quotation Dealers Method is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date as follows: 
(A) 
the Final Price if there is only one Selected Obligation; or 
(B) 
the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio, 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for such Selected Obligation(s). 
"First Credit Event Occurrence Date" is the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"First Ranking Interest" means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (a 
"LPN Interest"), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in 
the document creating such LPN Interest (notwithstanding that such LPN Interest may not be First Ranking under 
any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"First-to-Default Note" means a Credit Linked Note indexed on two or more Reference Entities, in respect of 
which the First-to-Default Reference Entity will be treated as if it were the sole Reference Entity and for which 
the Type of Credit Linked Notes is specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement.

--- Page 258 ---
245 
"First-to-Default Reference Entity" means the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs 
and a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been sent in 
accordance with the provisions of Part 2. If the Type of Credit Linked Notes is specified as "First-to-Default 
Notes" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the definitions of Obligation or [Deliverable Obligation]** 
[Selected Obligation]* shall be construed as though such definitions had been specified only with respect to the 
First-to-Default Reference Entity. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed 
Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for 
these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall 
not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Final Value specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement is specified as "Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.". 
"Floating Recovery" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Final Value specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement is specified either as "Floating Recovery with Auction Method" or "Floating 
Recovery with Quotation Dealers Method". 
"Full Quotation" means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount.  
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required, in the case of any [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation other than Bonds and in each 
case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, 
is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of a Reference 
Entity or some or all of its obligations; or  
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a 
result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to 
a Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);

--- Page 259 ---
246 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
of this definition. 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which 
the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and 
in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is 
issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, 
and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and thirty 
calendar days or such other period specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant 
Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a  T2 Business 
Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to 
settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such 
Potential Failure to Pay. 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, Grace 
Period Extension shall not apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Greenwich Mean Time (GMT") means the mean solar time at the Greenwich meridian, in Greenwich, London. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Guaranteed Coupon" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement specifies that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon". 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions;

--- Page 260 ---
247 
"Illegal" or "Impossible" means, in respect of the Delivery of any Specified Deliverable Obligations, that it is 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer to Deliver or for a Noteholder to take Delivery of all or part of such Specified 
Deliverable Obligations because of: 
(a) 
any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints affecting the Delivery of the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations (including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other 
governmental or regulatory constraints, the specific terms or conditions of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations or failure to obtain the relevant consents, including but not limited to the consent of the 
Reference Entity and the guarantor (if any) of the Reference Entity or the consent of the applicable 
borrower in the case of a Specified Deliverable Obligation guaranteed by the Reference Entity); or 
(b) 
any event which is beyond the control of the Issuer (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
Clearing System, the refusal by a Noteholder to take Delivery of any of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations, or the inability to purchase the Deliverable Obligations despite the Issuer's reasonable 
efforts); or 
(c) 
any event which is beyond the control of a Noteholder due to its specific situation. 
"Interest Calculation Amount" means, in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the amount for the 
purposes of calculating the interest payable under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Part 2 below. 
"Interest Credit Factor" means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Interest Loss Factor" means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Interest Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Interest Recovery Rate" means in respect of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, zero per cent. or the percentage 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, the package of assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged 
or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, including (without limitation) any Hedge Positions and the methodology, if any, determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Last Credit Event Occurrence Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
(b) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" 
to the relevant Reference Entity: 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket 
Notes and Tranche Notes, the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any); and 
(c) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period 
Extension" are "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the 
last Grace Period Extension Date, if the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date.

--- Page 261 ---
248 
"Latest Notification Date" means the 30th Business Day following the Exercise Cut-off Date provided that it 
will be no later than the 180th Business Day after the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means the day that is 60 Business Days after the date on which 
a Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to occur on 
or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: two 
and a half years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), five years, seven and a half years, ten years (the 10-year Limitation 
Date), twelve and a half years, fifteen years, or twenty years as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange: 
(a) 
if the Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as though Listed had been specified 
as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; and 
(b) 
if the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as 
though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money. 
"Loss Amount" means: 
(a) 
In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies 
that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Not Applicable".  
(b) 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, 
an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference 
between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
(c) 
In respect of Tranche Notes if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "N-
to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable". 
(d) 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
(1) 
which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price. 
(2) 
which has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and lower than or equal to M: an amount equal 
to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference between the 
Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
(3) 
which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount equal to zero. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall 
not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference 
Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference 
Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. For the avoidance 
of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying 
Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan 
or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. The definitions of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation(s)" and "Substitution Event" shall not be applicable to LPN Reference 
Obligations.

--- Page 262 ---
249 
"M" means the number specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement corresponding to the 
Ranking above which the Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to increase. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod 
R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Maturity Date" means a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Type" "American 
Settlement": 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the Scheduled 
Maturity Date); or 
(ii) 
the [Physical Settlement Date (or the later of the Physical Settlement Date and the Cash 
Redemption Date if the provisions of paragraph 1.1(b) of Part 2 below apply)]** [Cash 
Redemption Date]* if a Credit Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; or 
(iii) 
the later of the two following dates: 
(A) 
if 
the 
applicable 
Offering 
Circular 
Supplement 
specifies 
that 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, following the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if: 
(1) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
(2) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
(3) 
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; and 
(4) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; and 
(B) 
if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Grace Period Extension" 
is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity, the day that is four Payment Business 
Days following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default 
Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Grace Period Extension 
Date if: 
(1) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date; 
(2) 
such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered 
during the Notice Delivery Period. 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European 
Settlement": the later of the dates set out in paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2) and (A)(3) above. 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and is still effective on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will 
be either the date on which the Suspended Amounts are paid to the Noteholders or, if a Credit Event Notice

--- Page 263 ---
250 
relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Cash 
Redemption Date]*. 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, when Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as "Applicable", with respect to 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes in relation to which an Unsettled Credit Event exists, a Preliminary Cash 
Redemption Amount will be paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date in relation to the portion of the Specified 
Denomination of Notes not affected by the Unsettled Credit Event and, (i) if the Retained Amount is equal to zero, 
the Maturity Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date; or (ii) in all other cases, the Maturity Date will be as 
defined in paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (or if no such period is specified, thirty years). 
For purposes of the application of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Maximum Maturity, 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in 
effect at the time of making such determination, and in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that 
is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly engaged 
in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
"Mod R" means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and if Restructuring 
is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due 
to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice 
of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final 
maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any applicable Hedge Positions. 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be determined on the 
basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination 
and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall 
be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof with 
respect to Credit Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating 
to the relevant Reference Entity and having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes, the condition set out in (ii) 
above shall not be applicable. 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation 
Agent may, by reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
"Mod Mod R" means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and if 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package 
Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation may only be 
specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge 
Positions.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, in the case 
of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, subject as set out 
above, be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time

--- Page 264 ---
251 
of making such determination and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, 
the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made.  
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof with 
respect to Credit Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating 
to the relevant Reference Entity and having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Notes, the condition set 
out in (ii) above shall not be applicable. 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation 
Agent may, by reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with 
respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the 
date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes 
a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement 
in this part (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder Obligation; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference 
Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement as "Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Multiple Holder Obligation shall 
be deemed as "Not Applicable" with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan). 
"N" means the number specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement corresponding to the 
Ranking starting at which the Aggregate Loss Amount will be an amount greater than zero. 
"No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued 
Interest upon Credit Event". 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, and if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a 
Reference Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee had Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances 
where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"No Standard Reference Obligation" means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO 
List and not immediately replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other than for the 
purpose of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is 
subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation for it. 
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes, the Specified 
Denomination of one Credit Linked Note as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement subject, as 
the case may be, to the provisions of Part 2. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming Reference 
Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the

--- Page 265 ---
252 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred 
and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable) [or, where Selected Obligation is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, any relevant obligation determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being 
traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) or, if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via Clearstream, Euroclear or any other internationally recognised clearing system. If the 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable 
Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the time the relevant 
obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action 
having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be 
offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity.  
If the Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as though Not Domestic Issuance had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as though 
such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided that 
the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any entity or 
organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, 
without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is not 
Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; PROVIDED 
THAT in relation to a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN" 
this definition shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the later of (i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day following the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date 
(or, in the event of delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, as extended as per the definition of Notice of 
Pending Credit Event).

--- Page 266 ---
253 
"Notice of Pending Credit Event" means either (i) a notice delivered, on a date which is expected to be no later 
than 10 Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, by or on behalf of the 
Issuer that (a) informs the Noteholders of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement and (b) 
states that payment of amounts due and payable under the Credit Linked Notes, whether in connection with 
accrued interest, redemption or any amount due under the Credit Linked Notes, shall be suspended pending the 
publication of a resolution by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, the Notice Delivery 
Period shall be extended to 110 Business Days following such DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement; or (ii) a 
notice delivered on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit 
Event may have occurred but is not in a position to send a Credit Event Notice on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, informing that payment of amounts due and payable under the Notes shall be suspended (the 
Suspended Amounts). In such case, the Notice Delivery Period shall be extended to 20 Calendar Days following 
such Scheduled Maturity Date.  If no Credit Event Determination Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, 
the Suspended Amounts shall be paid to the Noteholders on the 4th Business Day following the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period.  For the avoidance of doubt, any notice serve under this sub-clause (ii) is without prejudice 
to the Issuer’s rights to serve a further notice under sub-clause (i) after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In such case 
the further Notice of Pending Credit Event will be deemed to have been served on the day immediately prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date for the purposes of the Notes. 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(a) 
if a DC Resolution confirming the existence of a Credit Event in relation to the relevant Reference Entity 
in the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, is published within 100 Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Issuer will deliver or 
arrange delivery of a Credit Event Notice within 10 Business Days of such publication; 
(b) 
if a DC No Credit Event Announcement in relation to the relevant Reference Entity is published within 
100 Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement, as applicable, the Suspended Amounts under the Credit Linked Notes shall be paid to 
the Noteholders within 10 Payment Business Days of such publication;  
(c) 
if no DC Resolution or DC No Credit Event Announcement is published after 100 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as 
applicable, the Notice of Pending Credit Event shall be deemed cancelled and either (i) the Suspended 
Amounts due under the Credit Linked Notes shall be paid to the Noteholders within 10 Payment Business 
Days; or (ii) the Issuer may decide to deliver a Credit Event Notice together with a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information (if applicable) within 10 Business Days.  
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice that is effective no later than the Latest Notification Date 
(included) from or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders specifying the Specified Deliverable Obligations the 
Issuer reasonably expects to Deliver or procure the Delivery of to the Noteholders. The Issuer is not bound to 
Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement. However, it will: 
(i) to the extent possible, give the Noteholders notice of any subsequent change in the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement or of any errors or inconsistencies contained therein 
(the term Specified Deliverable Obligation is deemed to include such change); and (ii) where Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable and the detailed description of the Asset Package is not included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, give the Noteholders notice of such detailed description of the Asset Package (if any) that it intends 
to Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of any Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means, in relation to a Credit Event Notice or a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, a notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given 
must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. Unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains 
Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also 
be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information.

--- Page 267 ---
254 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described 
by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and having each of 
the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, in each 
case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or as otherwise 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any), 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation.  
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, 
or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign 
Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, as specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Obligation Characteristic. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition 
or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity 
under one or more Obligations. 
"Observed Interest" means, if the Observed Interest option is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, the amount payable under each Credit Linked Note for each Interest Period: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, for each Interest Period:  
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or 
"Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
Observed Interest shall be an amount equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Nominal 
Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) and if any (c) 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; and 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Structured Interest Note 
Provisions" is "Applicable": 
Observed Interest shall be the amount as specified in the Offering Circular Supplement (except that, 
where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Nominal Amount" in the formula of the 
Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the 
clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon").

--- Page 268 ---
255 
(b) 
in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, for each Interest Period:  
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or 
"Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
Observed Interest shall be an amount equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Relevant 
Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual 
of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) and if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction; and 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Structured Interest Note 
Provisions" is "Applicable": 
Observed Interest shall be the amount as specified in the Offering Circular Supplement (except that, 
where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Relevant Proportion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement stipulate that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being 
"Guaranteed Coupon"). 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a guarantee and which may be, for the avoidance of doubt, the Standard Reference Obligation) 
which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (if any is so 
specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, such obligation will 
not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes (other 
than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristics 
or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristics) unless (a) Non-Reference Entity 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement; or (b) the Credit Linked Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to 
the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any; 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in (i) less 
any amounts subtracted in accordance with (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and  
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance. 
in each case, determined; 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and  
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
Where "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to 
which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject

--- Page 269 ---
256 
Where: 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the 
Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been 
accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, 
provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted 
under (iii)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of 
the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the 
principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are 
customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight 
line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less 
than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, 
where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(x)  
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount advanced 
of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
"Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading 
value of the Original Obligation(s)); and  
(y)  
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the 
Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced 
as the prior debt obligation.  
In circumstances where a Noteholder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original 
Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue 
price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, 
maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"P" means the number specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement corresponding to the 
number of Reference Entities within the Reference Portfolio. 
"Package Observable Bond" means in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) 
which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at http://www.isda.org from time to time (or any 
successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which 
fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition 
of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect 
to a Reference Entity, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such 
M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms (as defined in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms) are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions (as defined in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) applicable to the relevant Reference Entity and for which such Reference 
Entity would not be an Auction Covered Transaction (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms).

--- Page 270 ---
257 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or 
repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure 
to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity's payment 
obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity; or 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; or 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the 
case of any other Guarantee); or 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released 
or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; or 
(vi) 
provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified 
assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements 
and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding following the disposal of 
specified assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and in each 
case the application of the resulting proceeds (any such provisions, "Limited Recourse 
Provisions") if "Limited Recourse Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as 
an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any 
single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) 
on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially 
all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Delivery Amount" means, for each Credit Linked Note Specified Deliverable Obligations with (a) an 
Outstanding Principal Balance (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due 
and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrowed Money), 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum 
of zero: 
A x (B– C) 
Where: 
"A" means the Principal Credit Factor;

--- Page 271 ---
258 
"B" means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event of a Restructuring 
as contemplated in Condition 1.1.4 above) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the circumstances 
contemplated in Condition 1.1.5 above); and 
"C" means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount 
of the Unwind Costs. 
"Physical Settlement" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the Settlement Method specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement is "Physical Settlement". 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the date on which the Issuer Delivers the Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Noteholders, or, if the Issuer does not Deliver on the same date all the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations 
comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount, the date on which the Issuer has completed the Delivery thereof for 
all the Credit Linked Notes to all the Noteholders. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means the period from and including the date on which a Notice of Physical 
Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System to and including the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance 
with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in (i) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount" means, with respect to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes in relation 
to which an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) payable on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date calculated for each Credit Linked Note as an amount equal to the product of (x) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (y) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between (a) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount minus the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Retained Amount. 
"Principal Credit Factor" means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Principal Loss Factor" means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice) any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed 
immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention (ii)) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation set out in 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes, (a) the Reference Obligation 
most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior 
to the Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of such Reference Entity.

--- Page 272 ---
259 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly 
available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors 
set forth in sub-sections (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the relevant 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, has occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of whether 
the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by: 
(1) 
the relevant Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental 
capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign); 
(2) 
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for an Obligation, 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed 
with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body, or 
(d) 
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA, 
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the party receiving 
such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference 
Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to a Downstream Affiliate, the 
percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (a) has met the 
Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (b) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (c) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events 
described in both (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof.  
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement (or if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial 
Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), as 
well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any 
other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or 
regulation), pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay 
all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed 
Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of

--- Page 273 ---
260 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or  
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can 
be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity and such 
provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance 
with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a 
non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type 
described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, 
then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, 
notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(i) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
If an Obligation or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will 
apply: 
(b) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(c) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on 
the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement from the 
following list: Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, 
and Not Domestic Law.

--- Page 274 ---
261 
(d) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each 
of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement from the following list: Listed, Not 
Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
(e) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in respect of 
an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
"Quotation Amount" means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement", an amount equal to the outstanding principal balance (excluding accrued interest), or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Undeliverable Obligation. For which purpose, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the market of the Undeliverable 
Obligation if quotations obtained in respect thereof shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(b) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement":  
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, an amount selected by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to a cap equal to the aggregate of the Nominal Amount (or the Partial 
Redemption Amount or the Multiple Successor Notional Amount, as applicable) (such 
aggregate amount, the Exercise Amount) for all outstanding Credit Linked Notes, if there is 
only one Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the 
Quotation Amount shall be an amount selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each 
Selected Obligation such that the sum of all such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal 
to the Exercise Amount; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, an amount selected by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to a cap equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or the Partial Restructuring 
Notional Amount, as applicable) (such amount, the Exercise Amount), if there is only one 
Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation 
Amount shall be an amount selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected 
Obligation such that the sum of all such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the 
Exercise Amount; 
Provided that in respect of paragraph (b) above the Quotation Amount (or the sum of the Quotation Amounts as 
the case may be) shall be no less than EUR 1 million (or its equivalent in the relevant currency).  
"Quotation Dealers" means at least five leading dealers in obligations of the type of the Undeliverable 
Obligation(s) or as the case may be Selected Obligation(s), which may include Societe Generale, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Quotation Dealers Method" means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the Final Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the provisions of the definition of Final Price. 
Quotation Dealers Method shall apply if "Quotation Dealers Method" is specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement or a Fallback Settlement Event occurs or no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Ranking" means, for Tranche Notes where N-to-M-to-Default is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the ranking in time of occurrence of such Credit Event Determination Date

--- Page 275 ---
262 
amongst all Credit Event Determination Dates, provided that if several Credit Event Determination Dates are 
identical in respect of several Reference Entities comprised within the Reference Portfolio, the date on which the 
relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities 
and if the Credit Event Notices have been sent on the same date, the time on which the relevant Credit Event 
Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs will have a Ranking of 1. 
"Reference Entity" means, subject to the below, any entity specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement or any Successor thereto, which may be any firm, company, corporation, any unincorporated 
association, establishment or other entity, or any equivalent entity, a government, state or local authority or agency 
of a state or of a local authority, or any state-owned or state-controlled entity, any partnership, limited or otherwise, 
any special purpose vehicle (incorporated or otherwise), any category or type of fund (including, without 
limitation, open-end funds, closed-end funds, hedge funds, mutual funds, managed funds or any other collective 
investment scheme, vehicle or organisation), any securitisation company and any broadly equivalent entity of any 
of the aforementioned entities. 
In the case of a Single Name Note or in the case of a First-to-Default Note, a Basket Note or a Tranche Note where 
the Reference Entity Weighting of any Reference Entity represents 20% or more of all Reference Entities in the 
Reference Portfolio, then such Reference Entity shall have its securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market. 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, for each Reference Entity, the amount equal to the product of the Reference Entity Weighting and 
the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount.  
"Reference Entity Weighting" means the proportion specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, which will be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of (i) the definition of Successor upon the 
occurrence of a Succession Date or (ii) Condition 1.1.4.2(b), if applicable. 
"Reference Obligation(s)" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, 
unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, in which case the Reference Obligation(s) will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation(s), if any; or 
(b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (or there is no election specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), there is 
no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
provided that, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement as being "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European 
Corporate LPN", Reference Obligation(s) means, as of the Issue Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or set forth on the relevant 
LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit 
Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any 
successor website thereto) or as stipulated in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, any Additional LPN, 
determined in accordance with the Additional LPN definition, and each Additional Obligation. For the avoidance 
of doubt, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", 
(i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Credit Technical Annex) (in particular, notwithstanding that 
the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity), each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation and 
a Deliverable Obligation or a Selected Obligation, (as applicable); (ii) "Standard Reference Obligation" shall be

--- Page 276 ---
263 
deemed specified as "Not Applicable"; and (iii) the provisions in the definition of "Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation" shall not apply. 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
"Reference Obligation Only Notes" means that (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation 
Category and [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Category, if applicable, in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement and (b) Standard Reference Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
"Reference Portfolio" means, in respect of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, a portfolio 
comprising all the Reference Entities. 
"Reference Portfolio Notional Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, (i) in respect of Tranche Notes, an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount divided by the 
difference between the Detachment Point and the Attachment Point; and (ii) in respect of Basket Notes which are 
not Tranche Notes, an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
"Reference Price" means the percentage specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (or, if not 
specified, 100%). 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case 
may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, determined in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Obligations" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference Entity which 
fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held 
by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor make the appropriate adjustments 
required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including 
the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement and the Credit Linked Notes are a Senior Transaction, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and  
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, and the Credit Linked Notes are a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no 
such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it 
would if the Notes were a Senior Transaction. 
"Relevant Proportion" means the proportion which one Credit Linked Note bears to the total number of Credit 
Linked Notes outstanding.

--- Page 277 ---
264 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised officer of a 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, 
or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without 
regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior 
to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the 
date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in 
respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided 
that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity 
Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" means a condition that is satisfied:  
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively 
received on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred 
with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or  
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
a Notice of Publicly Available Information by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders that is 
effective on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Noteholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice is effective. Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information. 
"Residual Cash Redemption Amount" means, in relation to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes with respect to 
which one or more Unsettled Credit Event(s) has(ve) occurred, an amount payable on the Maturity Date 
representing the difference between the Cash Redemption Amount and the Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred.

--- Page 278 ---
265 
"Restructuring" means that: 
(a) 
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation, is agreed between a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number 
of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) 
by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation 
(including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date (or such other date determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Position) and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (b) the payment of principal or premium; 
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(5) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies 
(which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro 
in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above, none of the following will constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(1) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union; 
(2) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal 
or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(3) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a)(1) to (a)(5) above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(4) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a)(1) to (a)(5) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result 
from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, 
provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.

--- Page 279 ---
266 
(c) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, paragraph (e) below and the definition 
of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall 
continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following 
such exchange. 
(e) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, the 
occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) 
above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms 
of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any 
Restructured Bond or Loan, occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan a Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of 
such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Retained Amount" means, in relation to Basket Notes or Tranche Notes in respect of which one or more 
Unsettled Credit Event(s) has(ve) occurred, the sum of (x) the Unwind Costs (if any) and (y) the lower of: 
(a) 
The difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor 
and the Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
Either: 
(1) 
In respect of Basket Notes, the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the aggregate of the 
Loss Amounts for all the Unsettled Credit Events (assuming a Final Value of zero in respect of 
each Unsettled Credit Event); or 
(2) 
In respect of Tranche Notes, the amount by which the product of the Principal Loss Factor and 
the Aggregate Loss Amount on the Maturity Date (assuming a Final Value of zero in respect of 
each Unsettled Credit Event) would exceed the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the 
Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
"Selected Obligation(s)" means, for the purpose of determining the Final Price, as specified in the Final 
Valuation Notice, any of: 
(a) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
(b) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described 
by the Selected Obligation Category specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and having 
each of the Selected Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are Selected 
Obligations);

--- Page 280 ---
267 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), PROVIDED 
THAT such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, may be replaced 
by the related Asset Package, and (i) such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and (ii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Final Price of such Asset Package shall 
be deemed to be zero, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Selected Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the 
purposes of paragraph (d) above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Selected Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified 
in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any 
such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event. 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, if a Selected Obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Selected Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Selected Obligation shall not cause 
such Selected Obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
Where a Selected Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked 
Notes, the Calculation Agent will, where required, determine the Specified Currency equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that Selected 
Obligation by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm (London time), 
or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not 
available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate. 
"Selected Obligation Category" means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. In case of Reference 
Obligation Only, no Selected Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable. 
"Selected Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan 
are specified as Selected Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the Selected 
Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Selected Obligation Characteristics specified and 
need not satisfy all such Selected Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Selected Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 281 ---
268 
"Senior Transaction" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of a Reference Entity (a) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated 
Level" as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a 
Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
"Settlement Method" means either Physical Settlement (see paragraph 1.1(a) of Part 2) or Cash Settlement (see 
paragraph 1.1(b) of Part 2) as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Settlement Type" means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement.  
"Single Name Note" means a Credit Linked Note indexed on one Reference Entity for which the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name Notes". 
"SME Growth Market" means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as a SME growth market in 
accordance with Article 33 of MiFID II. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's payment 
obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which 
are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity, (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof.:  
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is 
the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a 
Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject 
of the relevant Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Selected Obligation 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of 
the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
"Specified Currency" means for the purposes of this Credit Technical Annex, an obligation that is payable in 
the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (or, if Specified 
Currency is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and no currency is so specified, Standard 
Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an 
obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.  
"Specified Deliverable Obligation(s)" means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or First-to-Default 
Reference Entity as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (subject to the definition of such term) which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may where Asset Package Delivery is applicable, include any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation, Package Observable Bond or Asset Package. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (or if a number is not specified, two).

--- Page 282 ---
269 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
http://www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA 
on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level 
which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces 
the euro in whole). 
"Standard Unwind Costs" means in respect of each Credit Linked Note, an amount, subject to a minimum of 
zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including 
break funding charges and loss of funding, which, for the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss of future interest 
amounts to be received under the funding arrangement(s) entered into in relation to the Notes), tax and duties 
incurred directly or indirectly by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the occurrence of a Credit 
Event Determination Date and the related partial or total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge 
Position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Credit Linked Notes.  
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money Obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation.  
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference 
Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders 
of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For the 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of 
law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into 
account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into 
account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of 
which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority 
of payment after such date. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation(s)" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a 
Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph 
(c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of 
determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.

--- Page 283 ---
270 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) to (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event have 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic and 
paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event has 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation 
is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until 
the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under 
paragraphs (i) to (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any 
Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of 
the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money 
obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or 
if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any 
Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of 
the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering

--- Page 284 ---
271 
Circular Supplement, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan) or 
if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any 
Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of 
the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described 
in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference 
Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Substitute Reference 
Obligation will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, which is expected to be as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above. Information about the 
occurrence of a Substitute Reference Obligation with a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, including the identity thereof and 
the date of substitution, may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the specified office of the 
Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Credit Linked Notes in a form acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent). 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date, selected by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, that the Calculation Agent has determined in accordance 
with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation.  
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or

--- Page 285 ---
272 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a 
Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, then a Substitution 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
If a Substitution Event occurs in respect of the Reference Obligation in Reference Obligation Only Notes and 
unless Substitution Event Early Redemption is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the Calculation Agent shall consider such event as an event triggering the early redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes and the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be 
paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6(l) of the General 
Terms and Conditions. Notice shall be given by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders informing them of 
the Substitution Event and the date scheduled for early redemption. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some or 
all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the 
Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier 
(i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor would not be affected 
by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as follows: 
(1) 
subject to paragraph (a)(7) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession. 
(2) 
If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket 
Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession. 
(3) 
If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with 
the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor and the terms of the Notes will be amended in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in paragraph 5 of Part 2 below. 
In the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of each 
Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, 
divided by the number of Successors. 
(4) 
If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the

--- Page 286 ---
273 
Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes will be amended in accordance with the provisions set out in 
the definition of Multiple Successor in paragraph 5 of Part 2 below. In the case of Basket Notes 
and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of each Successor will be the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of 
Successors. 
(5) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the terms of the Notes will not be 
changed in any way as a result of such succession. 
(6) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant 
Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor) and, in the case of 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor(s) will be 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the 
number of Successor(s). 
(7) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and either (A) 
the Reference Entity has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any 
Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, that 
entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Notes 
and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession or as otherwise determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions.  
PROVIDED THAT, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, if the resulting Successor of a 
Reference Entity affected by a succession, or as the case may be, one or more of the several resulting 
Successors of such Reference Entity is(are) another Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio at the legally effective date of the succession, the Reference Entity Weighting of the Successor 
will be the sum of the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined 
in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(4), (a)(6) or (a)(7) above and the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such Successor in effect prior to the succession. 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, if two or more Reference 
Entities are affected by a succession resulting in at least one common Successor, the Reference Entity 
Weighting of the Successor will be the sum of the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after 
the succession as determined in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(4), (a)(6) or (a)(7) 
above with respect to each Reference Entity in respect of which it is a Successor.  
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT (for paragraph (a) above), if the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement specifies that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable" or in respect of First-to-Default 
Notes, the Calculation Agent will adjust the effect of any succession as necessary so that in all cases the 
number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio will remain unchanged and if the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", so that the 
Reference Entity Weighting will remain the same for all Reference Entities comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, in particular: 
(1) 
if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference Entity) affected by a 
succession is another Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio (the Surviving 
Reference Entity) at the legally effective date of the succession, the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith shall select a new entity having an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an 
equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available) to the Legacy Reference Entity immediately

--- Page 287 ---
274 
prior to the occurrence of the succession; such new entity shall be deemed to have replaced the 
Legacy Reference Entity as Reference Entity effective on and from the date of the succession 
and if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "N-to-M-to-
Default" is "Applicable", the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity 
shall remain the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity in effect prior 
to the succession and the Reference Entity Weighting of the entity having replaced the Legacy 
Reference Entity shall be equal to the Reference Entity Weighting of the Legacy Reference 
Entity prior to the succession; and 
(2) 
if a succession would result in more than one Successor (the Potential Successors) to a 
Reference Entity either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee, the Calculation Agent 
shall select only one entity (the Chosen Successor) among the Potential Successors to replace 
the Reference Entity; the Chosen Successor shall be deemed to have replaced the Reference 
Entity and if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "N-to-M-to-
Default" is "Applicable", its Reference Entity Weighting shall be equal to the Reference Entity 
Weighting of the Reference Entity prior to the succession.  
For the purposes of this definition "Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three 
rating agencies Moody's, France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited or any of them, being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not 
equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining with effect from the Succession Date any 
Successor or Successors under paragraph (a) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make 
such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on 
the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in 
relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one 
or more Successors to a Reference Entity can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts relevant 
to the determination, pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, of the identity of any 
Successor(s), may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the specified office of the Calculation 
Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Credit Linked Notes in a form acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent), and will be notified as part of a notice of Potential Failure to Pay or a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case may be) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition on the basis of Eligible Information.  
Notwithstanding the above, in case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes and when the Reference Portfolio 
is made up of the constituents of an index, the Successor determinations of the Calculation Agent will 
follow the relevant index source determinations (source as defined in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement). 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under 
paragraph (a)(1) to (7) (inclusive) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all 
related successions contemplated by such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date or (B) 
such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or 
after 1 January 2014  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of 
the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations 
by way of a Sovereign Succession Event.

--- Page 288 ---
275 
(d) 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or 
other agreement) or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged 
for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or 
Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, succeeded and succession shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be 
made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the 
basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(f) 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to one or more Relevant 
Obligations (collectively, the Joint Relevant Obligations) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or 
obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having 
been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint 
Potential Successor in equal parts. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution 
the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is 
ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the 
succession is effective which date may be determined, without limitation, by reference to any Hedge Positions 
and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the 
Calculation Agent determines that the date on which the succession is effective (determined, without limitation, 
by reference to any Hedge Positions) is not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC 
Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference 
Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective.  
"Tranche Note" means a Basket Note for which the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the 
clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Tranche Notes". 
"Tranche Notional Amount" means, in respect of Tranche Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or such other amount specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Tranche Subordination Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, with respect to Tranche Notes, the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Attachment Point.  
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means in respect of a Reference Entity and the related Credit Event, 
the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the DC Rules or any 
other recognised association or organisation selected by the Calculation Agent (including for the avoidance of 
doubt any Auction Settlement), which provides for the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in respect 
of which a Credit Event has occurred and which shall be used to determine the amounts payable between the 
parties to a credit derivatives transaction referencing such Reference Entity for which Auction Covered 
Transactions (as defined in the DC Rules) would be credit derivatives transactions with a scheduled termination 
date comparable to or later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 289 ---
276 
"Transaction Type" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following will be considered contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance 
companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Transferable is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, such Offering Circular Supplement shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligations that are not Loans (and 
shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the specified 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category). 
"Undeliverable Obligation(s)" means that part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations for which Delivery is 
Illegal or Impossible. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the 
borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
"Unsettled Credit Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, that: 
(a) 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date but the 
corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
a Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and (i) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has not been published prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and (ii) if a Credit Event Notice has subsequently been delivered in relation to the relevant 
Credit Event, the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and is continuing at the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(d) 
a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing at the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In respect of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, when Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as "Applicable", 
the occurrence of an Unsettled Credit Event shall give rise to the payment of the Preliminary Cash Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date and of the Residual Cash Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
"Unwind Costs" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note (i) Standard Unwind Costs if specified as such in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or (ii) the amount specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement or (iii) zero if specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Valuation Hedging Cost" means, in relation to a Selected Obligation, the direct and duly documented cost, if 
any, borne by the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in 
relation to the determination of the Final Price.

--- Page 290 ---
277 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, if there are no Full Quotations available, the weighted average of firm 
bid quotations obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as 
large a size as available, that in aggregate are approximately equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount. 
"*" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement". 
"**" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Offering Circular 
supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement". 
PART 2 – PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
3. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
3.1 
If the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes and if the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
(a) 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and 
including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date and a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are 
delivered during the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing 
System for the Holders' information, then (A) the Issuer will no longer be liable for the payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or on the Maturity Date, as 
the case may be, and will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of 
the redemption of each Credit Linked Note, Deliver or procure Delivery of the Physical Delivery 
Amount to the Holders during the Physical Settlement Period, subject to the next following 
paragraphs and the cash settlement provisions hereafter and (B) the Interest Period(s) and/or the 
Interest Calculation Amount shall be as specified in paragraph 3 below. 
If the Physical Delivery Amount is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple 
thereof) of the Specified Deliverable Obligations then (i) the Physical Delivery Amount of 
Specified Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest 
authorised denomination or integral multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero, and (ii) in addition to 
the Delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, the Issuer will pay or procure payment of a cash 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the market value of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered due to such rounding. 
The Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations (or payment of the Cash Redemption 
Amount) is subject to the prior delivery by or on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing 
System for the Holders' information, of a Notice of Physical Settlement between the Credit 
Event Determination Date and the Latest Notification Date (both dates inclusive). 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity, the Issuer will 
select the Specified Deliverable Obligations. 
The Issuer will not necessarily Deliver all the Specified Deliverable Obligations on the same 
date and may Deliver Specified Deliverable Obligations to different Holders on different dates 
or to the same Holder on different dates. 
The Issuer is not obliged to Deliver the same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations to 
each Holder and a Holder may receive various types of Deliverable Obligations. 
If any or all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible for clearance by the 
relevant Clearing System, then the Issuer may, upon prior notice to the Holders, arrange:

--- Page 291 ---
278 
(A) 
Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations (if any) that are eligible 
for clearance by the relevant Clearing System in the relevant Clearing System 
and Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations that are not eligible 
for clearance by the relevant Clearing System outside the relevant Clearing 
System; or 
(B) 
Delivery of all the Specified Deliverable Obligations (whether or not those 
Specified Deliverable Obligations are eligible for clearance) outside the 
relevant Clearing System. 
The relevant Clearing System will then be instructed to block and, upon confirmation 
by the Issuer that delivery has taken place, cancel the Holders' positions in its books 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent in turn will cancel the outstanding Credit Linked 
Notes. If Delivery is to take place outside the relevant Clearing System, the Issuer shall 
have to receive the relevant Holders' transfer instructions, in terms that are satisfactory 
to the Issuer, sufficiently before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date to 
allow for physical settlement, otherwise the cash settlement provisions set out below 
will apply. 
(b) 
Fallback to Cash Settlement 
If the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes and if the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" but, 
on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of 
the Issuer) determines that it is Illegal or Impossible for the Issuer to Deliver all or part of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations to all or some of the Holders or if the Issuer does not receive 
transfer instructions as described in the last sentence of 1.1(a)(v) above, then the Calculation 
Agent will calculate a Cash Redemption Amount, in respect of such part of the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations which are Undeliverable Obligations, and the Issuer will, on the Cash 
Redemption Date, pay or procure payment of a Cash Redemption Amount to the relevant 
Holders in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of the Undeliverable 
Obligations. 
The Issuer must notify the relevant Holders through the relevant Clearing System that there are 
Undeliverable Obligations and the reasons why it is Illegal or Impossible to Deliver such 
Specified Deliverable Obligations. 
If, before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Delivery of all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations is Illegal or Impossible, and it 
deems in good faith that such Delivery is to remain Illegal or Impossible until the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then the Calculation Agent may give notice thereof to the 
relevant Clearing System for the attention of the Holders. The Credit Valuation Date will then 
be the date that is two Business Days after the date on which the Calculation Agent delivers 
such notice to the relevant Clearing System, and the Issuer will pay the Holders a Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Cash Redemption Date in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations in respect of the Undeliverable Obligations. 
If Delivery is partially Illegal or Impossible, the Issuer may, for each Holder, Deliver the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations and pay a Cash Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall not be 
obliged to ensure that each Holder receives the same type and proportion of Deliverable 
Obligations and the same proportion of Deliverable Obligations and Cash Redemption Amount 
as each other Holder. 
If (i) or (iii) above applies, the Issuer may arrange that all settlements hereunder be made outside 
the relevant Clearing System in the manner described in 1.1(a)(v) above provided that the Issuer 
receives transfer instructions in terms that are satisfactory to the Issuer to allow for such 
settlements. 
The Calculation Agent will inform the Holders via the relevant Clearing System of the Cash 
Redemption Amount by sending a Final Valuation Notice.

--- Page 292 ---
279 
4. 
CASH SETTLEMENT 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement": 
(a) 
If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and 
including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date and if a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are 
delivered during the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Holders, then: 
the Issuer will no longer be liable for the payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, and will pay or procure 
payment of the Cash Redemption Amount (or a formula based on the Cash Redemption Amount, 
as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) on the Cash Redemption Date 
(subject as specified in (b) below), in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in 
respect of the redemption of each Credit Linked Note, and 
the Interest Period(s) and/or the Interest Calculation Amount shall be as specified in paragraph 
3 below. The Selected Obligations, the Cash Redemption Amount and the Cash Redemption 
Date shall be notified to the Holders in the Final Valuation Notice on the Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date. 
(b) 
In the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, when Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified 
as "Applicable", if an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, a Preliminary Cash Redemption 
Amount will be payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date and a Residual Cash Redemption 
Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later 
than the 180th Business Day following the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
5. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST  
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not 
Applicable": 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the next Interest Payment Date; provided however that the first Interest Period begins on the Interest 
Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period remains subject to the provisions of this 
Technical Annex. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed Interest" is 
"Applicable": 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) an Interest Observation Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Observation Date; provided however that the first Interest Period begins on 
the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period remains subject to the provisions 
of this Technical Annex. 
(a) 
Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes 
(i) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed 
Interest" is "Not Applicable" t and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating 
Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable 
under each Note for each Interest Period shall be equal to the product of (i) the Rate of 
Interest, (ii) the Nominal Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the clause 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement) and, if any, (iii) the applicable Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 293 ---
280 
(ii) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement does not specify that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is " Applicable" and specifies that the clause "Structured Interest 
Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Structured Interest Amount (if any) shall be as specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement when the reference of the product is included in the clause "Reference of 
the Product" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (except that, where 
relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Nominal Amount" in the 
formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement specifies that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" 
"Guaranteed Coupon"), or as specified in the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement in the case of any Note that is (i) 
offered to the public in the EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or (ii) admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to 
article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation ("Exempt Offer Note"). 
(iii) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed 
Interest" is "Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate 
Note Provisions" or "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Interest Amount payable under each Credit Linked Note on each Interest Payment 
Date shall be equal to the aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect of each Interest 
Period preceding such Interest Payment Date.  
(iv) 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject to the provisions of paragraphs 
(A) to (L) below: 
(A) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date 
(or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment 
Date) to (but excluding) the Credit Event Determination Date, and the last 
Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date 
following the fourth Business Day falling after the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be 
payable from (and including) the Credit Event Determination Date to the 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" being "Applicable": 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date 
(or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment 
Date) to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Credit Event Determination Date 
and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In such event, the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date following the fourth Business Day falling after the Credit Event 
Determination Date and the Maturity Date. Provided that, if (i) the Credit 
Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit Event

--- Page 294 ---
281 
Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to 
such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit Event 
Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and 
including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date. 
(C) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier 
of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall 
accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination 
Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to the Maturity Date. 
(D) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and 
(ii) "Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable": 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier 
of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled 
Last 
Credit 
Event 
Occurrence 
Date 
and 
(iii) 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last Interest 
Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to 
such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.  
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to the 
Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 295 ---
282 
(E) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) 
there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Credit Event Determination Date, 
and the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest shall 
accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit Event Determination 
Date to the Maturity Date. 
(F) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event", (ii) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" and 
(iii there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In such event, the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. 
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled 
Last 
Credit 
Event 
Occurrence 
Date 
and 
(iii) 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to 
such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, the Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit Event 
Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and 
including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date. 
(G) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and 
(ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, no interest shall accrue 
nor be payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(H) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Settlement Type" is "European Settlement", if the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" in the Offering Circular Supplement and if the clause 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon": 
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and the interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period on the 
Specified Denomination in respect of each Credit Linked Note.

--- Page 296 ---
283 
(I) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination 
Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of 
a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest 
Observation Date) to (but excluding) the Credit Event Determination Date, 
and the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the Interest Payment 
Date following the fourth Business Day falling after the Credit Event 
Determination Date and the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be 
payable from (and including) the Credit Event Determination Date to the 
Maturity Date. 
(J) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) 
"Repudiation /Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable": 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination 
Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of 
a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest 
Observation Date) to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In such event, the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date following the fourth Business Day falling after the Credit Event 
Determination Date and the Maturity Date. Provided that, if (i) the Credit 
Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to 
such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit Event 
Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and 
including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date. 
(K) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier 
of (i) the Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be 
payable from (and including) the Interest Observation Date preceding the 
Credit Event Determination Date (or from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurring before the first Interest Observation Date) to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 297 ---
284 
(L) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) 
"Repudiation /Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable": 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier 
of (i) the Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. 
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled 
Last 
Credit 
Event 
Occurrence 
Date 
and 
(iii) 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last Interest 
Payment Date shall be the Maturity Date.  
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to 
such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Maturity Date.  
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Interest 
Observation Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Observation Date) to 
the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed Interest" is 
"Not Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable under each 
Note for each Interest Period shall be equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the 
Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the 
paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement) and if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed Interest" is 
"Not Applicable" and the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Structured Interest Amount (if any) shall be as specified in the Offering Circular 
Supplement when the reference of the product is included in the clause "Reference of the 
Product" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (except that, where relevant, 
"Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
"Guaranteed Coupon"), or as specified in the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement in the case of Exempt Offer Note.

--- Page 298 ---
285 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Observed Interest" is 
"Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
or "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable":  
The Interest Amount payable under each Credit Linked Note on each Interest Payment Date 
shall be equal to the aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect of each Interest Period 
preceding such Interest Payment Date.  
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject to the provisions below. 
The last (or if there is only one, the only) Interest Period will end on (but exclude) the earlier of 
the Maturity Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date. The last Interest Payment Date will be the 
Maturity Date and the Interest Calculation Amount will be as specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) 
below: 
(A) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
calculated on the fourth Business Day preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and be an amount equal to (i) the sum, for each day of such Interest 
Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the number 
of days in such Interest Period.  
(B) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be an 
amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount as of the fourth 
Business Day preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(C) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) 
there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount, calculated on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date equal to (i) the sum, for 
each day of the Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, 
divided by (ii) the number of days in the Interest Period.  
(D) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and 
(ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to the Daily Interest 
Calculation Amount as of the fourth Business Day preceding the Interest 
Payment Date. 
(E) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Settlement Type" is "European Settlement", if the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and if the 
clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon": 
Interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period on the Specified 
Denomination in respect of each Note.

--- Page 299 ---
286 
(F) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and the clause "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
calculated on the relevant Interest Observation Date and be an amount equal 
to (i) the sum, for each day of such Interest Period, of the Daily Interest 
Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the number of days in such Interest 
Period.  
(G) 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause 
"Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and the clause "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be an 
amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount as of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date. 
(c) 
Common provisions to Single Name Notes, First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, except in the case of a Guaranteed Coupon, if a Notice of Pending 
Credit Event is delivered to the Noteholders, payment of interest on the Credit Linked Notes, 
or, in the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, on the portion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount relating to the relevant Reference Entity, will be deferred until: 
(i) 
if a Credit Event Notice is delivered in relation to the relevant event, the Maturity Date, 
or in the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date or the 
Maturity Date, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
the date that is 10 Payment Business Days following the publication of a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement; or 
(iii) 
if no DC No Credit Event Announcement is published and no Credit Event Notice is 
delivered in relation to the relevant event, the date that is 100 Business Days + 10 
Payment Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (all as 
defined in Part 1 above). 
For the avoidance of doubt, (x) should a Credit Event Determination Date occur within an 
Interest Period but the relevant Credit Event Notice is delivered (i) less than four Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and the Issuer's payment instructions have already 
been given in respect of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, or (ii) during a 
subsequent Interest Period and the Issuer has paid an amount of interest prior to such delivery 
in excess of the amount due in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph 3, then the 
Issuer may deduct the amount of overpaid interest from (i) the next interest amount(s) (if any) 
due under the Credit Linked Notes (only in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes), and/or 
(ii) the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if 
any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount (or Cash 
Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be), whichever comes first 
(the result of such deduction being in each case floored at zero); and (y) if payment of interest 
is deferred following the delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, no additional interest 
will be payable on the Suspended Amounts for the period of the deferral. 
6. 
CREDIT EVENT NOTICE AFTER RESTRUCTURING  
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring in the period from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, if M(M)R Restructuring is 
applicable, the following provisions apply:

--- Page 300 ---
287 
(a) 
Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Type" is 
"American Settlement": 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect 
to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount 
(the Partial Redemption Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount 
outstanding of each Credit Linked Note immediately prior to the delivery of 
such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of paragraph 
1 or paragraph 2 and of paragraph 3 shall be deemed to apply to the Partial 
Redemption Amount only and each such Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption 
Amount) (and for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the effect of 
the Principal Credit Factor on the redemption amount); 
(B) 
for the avoidance of doubt (A) the Nominal Amount of each such Credit 
Linked Note not so redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and, if 
applicable, interest shall accrue on the Nominal Amount outstanding of such 
Credit Linked Note as provided in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to 
be appropriate) and (B) the provisions of paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 and of 
paragraph 3 shall apply to such Nominal Amount outstanding of such Credit 
Linked Note in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered 
in respect of a Reference Entity; and 
(C) 
on redemption of part of each Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked 
Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such 
Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked 
Note in respect of which no Credit Event Notice has been delivered during the Notice 
Delivery Period (and, if applicable, no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence 
Date), will be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement 
Type" is "European Settlement": 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect 
to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount 
(the Partial Redemption Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount 
outstanding of each Credit Linked Note immediately prior to the delivery of 
such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of paragraph 
1 or paragraph 2 and of paragraph 3 shall apply to the Partial Redemption 
Amount; and 
(E) 
for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 and 
of paragraph 3 shall apply to the Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note 
outstanding after reduction by such Partial Redemption Amount in the event 
that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of a Reference 
Entity. 
(b) 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Restructuring 
Notional Amount) that is less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such

--- Page 301 ---
288 
circumstances the provisions of paragraph 2 shall apply to the Partial Restructuring Notional 
Amount instead of the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
For the avoidance of doubt, following such Restructuring, the provisions of this Credit 
Technical shall apply in respect of the relevant Reference Entity with such Reference Entity's 
Reference Entity Weighting being reduced by the ratio of the Partial Restructuring Notional 
Amount divided by the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. In the event of the occurrence of 
further Restructurings with respect to such Reference Entity, the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount will be further reduced by the relevant Partial Restructuring Notional Amount. 
7. 
MULTIPLE SUCCESSORS 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is 
"Single Name Notes" and if "Multiple Successor(s)" is "Applicable" the following provisions shall apply: 
Where, pursuant to the definition of Successor (see Part 1 of this Credit Technical Annex), more than 
one Successor has been identified, each such Successor (a "Multiple Successor") shall be a Reference 
Entity for the purposes of these Conditions, but only in respect of an amount of each Credit Linked Note 
equal to the Nominal Amount divided by the number of Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity 
(the "Multiple Successor Notional Amount") as determined by the Calculation Agent (for the 
avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the effect of the Principal Credit Factor on the redemption 
amount). Where Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (each, a "Sub-Multiple Successor") have 
been identified in respect of a Reference Entity (an "Original Multiple Successor") that is itself a 
Multiple Successor, each such Sub-Multiple Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of 
these provisions of this Credit Technical Annex, but the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect 
of a Sub-Multiple Successor shall be equal to the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect of such 
Original Multiple Successor divided by the number of Sub-Multiple Successors to such Original Multiple 
Successor. Following the delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, in respect of a 
Multiple Successor, the Credit Linked Notes will not be redeemed in whole but an amount shall be 
deliverable or, as the case may be, payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note (an "Instalment 
Amount") which amount shall be determined in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Physical 
Delivery Amount or Cash Redemption Amount that would otherwise have been determined in respect of 
such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a 
principal amount of each Note equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount only. The date 
of delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any such Instalment Amount (an "Instalment Date") 
shall be determined in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Physical Settlement Date or Cash 
Redemption Date that would otherwise have been determined in respect of such a Credit Event in relation 
to the original Reference Entity. The provisions of paragraph 3 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to 
determine the amount of interest that would otherwise have been determined following the occurrence 
of such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a 
principal amount of each Credit Linked Note equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount 
only. More than one Instalment Amount may be delivered or payable on the same day in respect of 
different Multiple Successors, but not more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered in relation to 
a single Multiple Successor unless a Restructuring occurs in relation to a Multiple Successor, in which 
case the provisions of Condition paragraph 4 will apply in respect of each such Multiple Successor. Upon 
the determination by the Calculation Agent of the identity of Multiple Successors, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the modifications required to be made to the provisions of this Credit Technical Annex 
and any other related documents, to preserve substantially the economic effect for a Holder of a holding 
of the Credit Linked Notes and the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to effect such modifications. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American 
Settlement": 
Following delivery or payment of an Instalment Amount in respect of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple 
Successor, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note shall be correspondingly 
reduced by the proportion of such principal amount so redeemed and, if applicable, interest on each Credit 
Linked Note shall accrue on the reduced Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note from the date on 
which it would otherwise have ceased to accrue following delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information in relation to the original Reference Entity.

--- Page 302 ---
289 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European 
Settlement": 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding Nominal 
Amount of each Credit Linked Note shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of such principal 
amount and, if applicable, interest on each Credit Linked Note shall accrue on the reduced Nominal 
Amount of each Credit Linked Note from the date on which it would otherwise have ceased to accrue 
following delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, a Notice of Publicly Available Information in relation to the original 
Reference Entity. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is 
"Single Name Notes" and if the clause "Multiple Successor(s)" is "Not Applicable" the following 
provisions shall apply: 
Should more than one Successor succeed to the Reference Entity and a Credit Event occurs in respect of 
any one of them, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in whole in accordance with the "Settlement 
Method" specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, as if the Type of Credit Linked Notes 
was specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 5 will not apply to First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes. 
8. 
NOTIFICATION OF POTENTIAL FAILURE TO PAY  
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Failure to Pay, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer, or any entity acting on its behalf, shall use its reasonable endeavours to notify the Holders as soon 
as reasonably practical of such occurrence, pursuant to Condition 16 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
9. 
PARTIAL REDEMPTION AND FURTHER ISSUES  
Following any partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (pursuant to Condition 7 of the General 
Terms and Conditions) or any further issue (pursuant to Condition 15 of the General Terms and 
Conditions), each of the following amounts will be multiplied by the ratio of (i) the number of Credit 
Linked Notes in circulation after such partial redemption or further issue divided by (ii) the number of 
Credit Linked Notes in circulation just before such partial redemption or further issue: 
(a) 
for Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount; 
(b) 
for Basket Notes which are not Tranche Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount, (ii) the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount;  
(c) 
for Tranche Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount, (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount, (iv) the Tranche Notional Amount and (v) the 
Tranche Subordination Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount the calculation of which depends on the above amounts 
will be re-calculated accordingly. 
10. 
HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, CHANGE IN LAW, MERGER 
OF A REFERENCE ENTITY AND SOCIETE GENERALE OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, 
CONSEQUENCES AND MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE 
(a) 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging 
"Hedging Disruption" and "Increased Cost of Hedging" have the meanings given to them 
in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
(b) 
Change in Law 
"Change in Law" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities. 
(c) 
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates

--- Page 303 ---
290 
"Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates" means, in 
respect of Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes or Basket Notes, that (i) Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers 
all or substantially all its assets to, a Reference Entity or (ii) a Reference Entity consolidates or 
amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates and a Reference 
Entity become Affiliates. 
(d) 
Consequences 
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the fourth Business 
Day before the Maturity Date of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, Change 
in Law, or a Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, then the 
Calculation Agent may decide, to either: 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In the case where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate 
its obligations under the Credit Linked Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6(l) of the General Terms and 
Conditions; or 
if the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law and/or Merger of a Reference 
Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates is applicable to one or several affected Reference 
Entities (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)), replace the Affected Reference Entity(ies) by a new 
reference entity (or new reference entities, as relevant) which is (respectively are each) a Similar 
Reference Entity; or 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or,  
only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
(A) 
deduct: 
(1) 
from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the Credit Linked Notes 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase 
of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of 
its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Linked Notes, such amount 
to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Credit Linked 
Notes (the Reduction Amount); PROVIDED THAT if on an Interest 
Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from 
the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note is greater than the Interest Amount due under each 
Credit Linked Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) 
on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be reduced 
to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the 
Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) 
will be deducted from the Interest Amount due on one or more of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction 
Amount has not been deducted in whole or in part on the last Interest 
Payment Date under the Credit Linked Notes, the remaining 
Reduction Amount will be deducted from the Optional Redemption 
Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption 
Amount (or Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, 
as the case may be), whichever comes first (the reduction of such 
deduction being floored at zero); or

--- Page 304 ---
291 
(2) 
in the absence of any Interest Amount, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any), due 
under the Credit Linked Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (if 
any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment 
date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes 
first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, from the Final 
Redemption Amount (or Cash Redemption Amount or Physical 
Delivery Amount, as the case may be) due on the Maturity Date, in 
each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the 
Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at 
zero). 
Following the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law or a 
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent shall 
notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
16 of the General Terms and Conditions of the relevant adjustment made or decision taken by the 
Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by the Holders 
upon request at the Calculation Agent's specified address. 
Definitions applicable to this paragraph: 
"Similar Reference Entity" means a reference entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or 
an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available), and to the extent possible as secondary criteria 
geographic and Transaction Type proximity. For the purposes of this definition "Rating" means the 
senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody's France S.A.S, S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, it being understood that if the 
ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into 
consideration. 
11. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO CERTAIN SPECIFIC REFERENCE ENTITIES 
(a) 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is "Argentine Republic" 
If "Argentine Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Part 1 above, any obligation that is a Bond 
that 
was 
issued 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
June 
1, 
2005 
(available 
on 
the 
website: 
http://www.argentina.gob.ar/sites/default/files/mfin_us_prospectus_and_prospectus_suppleme
nt.pdf) (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus 
Supplement of the Republic of Argentina dated January 10, 2005, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented)) shall not be considered as an Obligation.  
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Part 
1 above, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to June 1, 2005 (other than 
any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus Supplement of the Republic 
of 
Argentina 
dated 
January 
10, 
2005 
(available 
on 
the 
website: 
http://www.argentina.gob.ar/sites/default/files/mfin_us_prospectus_and_prospectus_suppleme
nt.pdf), as the same may be amended or supplemented)) shall not be considered as a [Deliverable 
Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*.  
(b) 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is "Hellenic Republic" 
If "Hellenic Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:

--- Page 305 ---
292 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Part 1 above, any obligation that is of a type 
included in Borrowed Money Obligation Category and that was issued or incurred, as the case 
may be, on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not be considered as an Obligation.  
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Part 
1 above, any obligation that is a Bond or a Loan that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, 
on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not be considered as a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected 
Obligation]*.  
(c) 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is "Republic of Hungary" 
If "Republic of Hungary" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Part 1 above, "Obligation" shall also include 
any National Bank of Hungary Obligation for the purposes of the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement where: 
"National Bank of Hungary Obligation" means any obligation of the National Bank of 
Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor, 
which has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely for such purpose the 
definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were 
the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified;  
which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary;  
which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; 
and 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will 
cause any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category 
Borrowed Money to become, with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any other 
requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as 
to the amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such 
Borrowed Money obligation.  
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Part 
1 above, ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* shall also include any [National 
Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation]* 
for the purposes of the applicable Offering Circular Supplement where:  
"[National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary 
Selected Obligation]*" means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly 
or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(i) 
which has the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristic]* "Not Subordinated", where solely for such purpose the definition of 
"Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the 
Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified; 
(ii) 
which is described by the [Deliverable Obligation Category]** [Selected Obligation 
Category]* specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary;  
(iii) 
which has each of the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristics]* specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; and  
(iv) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined 
below) will cause any obligation(s) of the Republic of Hungary in respect of the

--- Page 306 ---
293 
Obligation Category Borrowed Money, to become, with the lapse of any grace period 
and subject to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money 
obligation (including requirements as to the amounts of such default), immediately due 
and payable, pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation. 
"Event of Default" means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or 
guarantor of the relevant obligation, to make, when due any payment of principal or premium 
or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such obligation. 
For the purposes only of construing the terms "National Bank of Hungary Obligation", 
"National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation" and "National Bank of Hungary Selected 
Obligation", the National Bank of Hungary either directly or as provider or a Relevant 
Guarantee) shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is "Russian Federation" or "Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company" 
If "Russian Federation" or "Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company" is specified as a Reference 
Entity in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the following provisions will apply with 
respect to this Reference Entity: 
Unless and until the "Restricted Period" has ended, notwithstanding the definition of 
"Obligation" in Part 1 above, any obligation that is, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, "Restricted Debt" shall be an "Excluded Obligation" as defined in Part 1 above.  
Unless and until the "Restricted Period" has ended, notwithstanding the definition of 
["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Part 1 above, any obligation that is, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, "Restricted Debt" shall be an "Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation" as defined in Part 1 above.  
The Calculation Agent may determine whether the Restricted Period has ended in respect of 
any Covered Reference Entity.  
"Covered Reference Entity" means "Russian Federation" (this includes any government 
ministry, agency or instrumentality of the Russian Federation, including the Ministry of Finance 
of the Russian Federation) and "Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company". 
"Relevant Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or other 
similar prohibitions or restrictions on activity pursuant to any laws, regulations, orders or 
licenses imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by a Sanctions Authority. In 
respect of the European Union, the Relevant Sanctions are limited to those imposed by the 
European Union itself and not sanctions imposed by an individual member state. 
"Restricted Debt" means any debt that is issued or incurred on or after the Restricted Debt Start 
Date of the applicable Covered Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee). In relation to LPN Reference Obligation, Restricted Debt includes any Reference 
Obligation in respect of the applicable Covered Reference Entity that is issued or incurred on 
or after the Restricted Debt Start Date in respect of such Covered Reference Entity. 
"Restricted Debt End Date" means, in respect of a Covered Reference Entity, the first day on 
which no Relevant Sanctions on Secondary Trading apply in respect of debt issued or incurred 
by the applicable Covered Reference Entity on or after the Restricted Debt Start Date. 
"Restricted Debt Start Date" means February 24, 2022. 
"Restricted Period" means, in respect of a Covered Reference Entity, the period from, and 
including, the Restricted Debt Start Date to, but excluding, the Restricted Debt End Date.

--- Page 307 ---
294 
"Sanctions Authority" means any authority responsible for the imposition, administration 
and/or enforcement of sanctions in Canada, the European Union, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America. 
"Secondary Trading" means the purchase, sale or dealing in debt issued or incurred by the 
applicable Covered Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
(other than such activities that occur solely within the primary market at the time the debt is 
issued or incurred). In relation to LPN Reference Obligation, the reference to debt includes a 
LPN (as defined in Condition 2 below) issued for the purpose of providing finance to the 
Covered Reference Entity (whether by way of deposit, loan, or another form of Borrowed 
Money instrument). 
(e) 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is "STMicroelectronics N.V." 
If "STMicroelectronics N.V." is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is 
"Cash Settlement": 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 
1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 2013 issued by 
STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Selected Obligation; and such Selected Obligation is not 
immediately due and payable as of the relevant Credit Valuation Date, for the purpose 
of determining the Quotation Amount of such Selected Obligation, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such Selected Obligation, shall be deemed to be the amount 
payable on the scheduled maturity date of such Selected Obligation. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the clause "Settlement Method" is 
"Physical Settlement": 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 
1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 2013 issued by 
STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Specified Deliverable Obligation; and such Specified 
Deliverable Obligation is not immediately due and payable as of the date where such 
Specified Deliverable Obligation is Delivered, the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Specified Deliverable Obligation, shall be deemed to be the amount payable on 
the scheduled maturity date of such Specified Deliverable Obligation. 
(f) 
Additional Provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is "Republic of Ukraine" 
If "Republic of Ukraine" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: shall be 
an "Excluded Obligation". 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Part 1 above, any obligation that is a Bond 
that was issued on or prior to November 1, 2015: shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Part 
1 above, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to November 1, 2015 shall be 
an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
(g) 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or an Underlying Obligor 
is a "Covered Reference Entity" (as defined below), the following provisions will apply:

--- Page 308 ---
295 
(i) 
"Covered Reference Entity" means: 
(A) 
República Bolivariana de Venezuela (Venezuela); 
(B) 
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PdVSA); 
(C) 
any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of Venezuela, including 
the Central Bank of Venezuela and PdVSA; and 
(D) 
any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity 
referred to in (A) to (C) above. 
(ii) 
"Order" means the Executive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017 "Imposing Additional 
Sanctions With Respect to the Situation in Venezuela" or subsequent executive order, 
legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by the United States Office of 
Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) imposing a sanction on debt of a Covered Reference 
Entity (an Order). 
(iii) 
Subject to (iv) below, Restricted Debt means: 
(A) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater 
than 90 days of PdVSA; 
(B) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater 
than 30 days of a Covered Reference Entity, other than debt of PdVSA 
covered by (A) herein; 
(C) 
bonds issued by a Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
(D) 
any other debt that is covered by an Order. 
(iv) 
Any debt that would be Restricted Debt pursuant to (iii) above shall not be Restricted 
Debt if it is: 
(A) 
subject to an exception to an Order, by license, FAQ or other interpretive 
statement by OFAC; or 
(B) 
specified in OFAC's General License 3 to the Order (Authorising 
Transactions Related to, Provision of Financing for, and Other Dealings in 
Certain Bonds). 
(v) 
Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered 
Reference Entity, notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Part 1 above, any 
obligation that is Restricted Debt: shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
(vi) 
Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered 
Reference Entity, notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** 
["Selected Obligation"]*, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an ["Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine whether any debt is subject to 
an exception to the definition of Restricted Debt pursuant to (iv)(A) above or whether all 
sanctions have been lifted pursuant to (v) and (vi) above. 
(h) 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement is a "Monoline Insurer".  
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement is a "Monoline Insurer", 
then the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:

--- Page 309 ---
296 
Specific Definitions 
"Monoline Insurer" means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document 
published by ISDA on August 31, 2010 which Current Reference Entity Name (as such term is defined 
in this document) is ACA Financial Guaranty Corporation, Ambac Assurance Corporation, Assured 
Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, Inc, Financial Guaranty Insurance 
Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., MBIA Insurance Corporation, Radian Asset 
Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee Inc or any Successor of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list 
in (i) above by any document published by ISDA which would modify and/or cancel and replace the 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document. 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant 
to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) 
of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured Instrument) 
for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor). 
Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash 
Settlement or Physical Settlement is applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, in 
particular for the purpose of the determination of Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected 
Obligation]* in Part 1 above, the benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect 
of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified 
date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, 
in the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions 
of the type described in paragraph 9(h)(iv) below and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts 
(whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar 
measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* 
For the purposes of subparagraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" in Part 1 above and subparagraph 
(b) of the definition of "[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*" in Part 1 above, the definition 
of Relevant Guarantee is amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee".  
Interpretation of Provisions 
In the event that an Obligation or a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* is a Qualifying 
Policy, the terms of the second part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" in Part 1 above, starting 
with "If an Obligation", will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation 
and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the 
Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(A) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* Category Bond shall be deemed to 
include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the [Deliverable Obligation]** 
[Selected Obligation]* Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured 
Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in this Credit Technical 
Annex in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly;

--- Page 310 ---
297 
(B) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" in 
Part 1 above to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer 
and insuring, respectively; 
(C) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date 
the 
[Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic]** 
[Selected 
Obligation 
Characteristic]* of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that characteristic is 
otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
(D) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable [Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation Characteristics]* are specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and if the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(E) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum 
Maturity 
[Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic]** 
[Selected 
Obligation 
Characteristic]*, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur; and 
(F) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristic]*, if applicable.  
Outstanding Principal Balance 
References in the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Part 1 above to a Guarantee, the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the 
Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. Any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including 
proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing 
under such Insured Instrument shall be disregarded for the purpose of paragraph (iii)(B) of the definition 
of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Part 1 above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to 
the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation 
or reduction. 
Deliver 
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Part 1 above, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying 
Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognized custodian representing an interest 
in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will 
be construed accordingly. 
Provisions for Determining a Successor 
Sub-sections (a), (d) and (f) of the definition of "Successor" in Part 1 above are hereby amended by 
adding "or Qualifying Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Sub-section (f) of the 
definition of "Successor" in Part 1 above is amended by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" after 
"as guarantor or guarantors".

--- Page 311 ---
298 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution 
Event 
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute Reference Obligation" and 
"Substitution Event" in Part 1 above are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a 
guarantee". 
Restructuring 
(A) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, part (a)(1) to (5) in the 
definition of "Restructuring" of Part 1 above is amended to read as follows: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) 
of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of the 
definition of "Instrument Payment" that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying 
Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or accrual 
of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument 
Payment" or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of 
the definition of "Instrument Payment", in each case that are guaranteed or insured by 
the Qualifying Policy;  
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a Qualifying 
Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, 
it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any 
such change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(5) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed 
or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which, in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(B) 
Subparagraph (b)(4) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Part 1 above is deleted in its entirety 
and replaced by the following: 
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a)(1) to (a)(5) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result 
from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, 
provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority or a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or, in the case of Qualifying 
Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on 
which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be 
made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of 
payment of the Qualifying Policy".

--- Page 312 ---
299 
(C) 
Paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Part 1 above are deleted in 
their entirety and replaced by the following:  
"(c) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, paragraph (f) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the 
term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (a) above 
shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference 
Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms 
of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(e) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder 
Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, paragraph (f) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the 
term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a 
Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference 
to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference 
Entity.  
(f) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (e) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement 
of any of the events described in paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above shall not be a 
Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation." 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit 
of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. References in the 
definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed 
to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term 
is used in the definitions of "Mod R", "Mod Mod R" and "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" in 
Part 1 above, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
Other Provisions 
For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action", "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Part 1 above, 
references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. Any transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by the 
Issuer or Societe Generale in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and payable to the 
Reference Entity in respect thereof shall be deducted from the [Physical Delivery Amount]** [Cash 
Redemption Amount]* equally on the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Cash Redemption Date]*.

--- Page 313 ---
300 
(i) 
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is applicable. 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is 
applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a Reference Entity, then the following 
provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
Additional Definitions 
Part 1 above is hereby amended by the addition of the following new definitions: 
"CoCo Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as 
described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
Other Provisions 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for all 
purposes under this Credit Technical Annex.  
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention 
within the meaning of Part 1 above. 
(j) 
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable 
If the Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable to 
the Transaction Type with respect to a Reference Entity, then it shall be deemed that no Package 
Observable Bond nor Prior Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, exists with respect to such 
Reference Entity (even if such a Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation, as 
per Part 1 above, has been published by ISDA or specified by the Calculation Agent), and, Asset 
Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
(k) 
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is 
applicable 
If the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Senior Non-Preferred 
Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a Reference Entity, then the 
following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
Additional Definitions 
Part 1 above is hereby amended by the addition of the following new definitions: 
"Senior Non-Preferred Transaction" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement specifies that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the 
Transaction Type with respect to such Reference Entity. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall 
constitute a Subordinated Transaction as defined in Part 1 above.

--- Page 314 ---
301 
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is 
Subordinated (as defined in Part 1 above) only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of 
the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation as defined in Part 1 above. 
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means (without limitation), in respect of a Senior Non-
Preferred Obligation, (i) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of 
the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above. A Traditional Subordinated 
Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of Part 1 above. 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the 
conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which are 
(or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
"Subordination" means as defined in Part 1 above and such term shall be applied in the assessment of 
any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, 
including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Other Provisions 
Paragraph (a) of the definition "Reference Obligation" in Part 1 above is amended by adding "provided 
that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute 
the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of 
the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously 
been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the 
Reference Entity and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation" after 
"if any". 
The definition "Seniority Level" in Part 1 above is deleted and replaced with the following wording: 
"Seniority Level" means Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
12. 
NO FRUSTRATION 
In the absence of other reasons, performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely 
because: 
(a) 
a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Issue Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligations, Specified Deliverable Obligations or 
Reference Obligations do not exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Issue Date. 
13. 
TIMING 
Subject to the paragraph below and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order to determine 
the day on which an event occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) of 
the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event 
occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight.

--- Page 315 ---
302 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day 
of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on 
such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type (as specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
14. 
REFERENCE ENTITIES SWITCH AND/OR MATURITY EXTENSION AT THE OPTION OF 
THE ISSUER 
(a) 
Specific Definitions 
"Reference Entities Switch" means, with respect to the Reference Portfolio comprising a 
given Markit index components as Reference Entity(ies) as described in "Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes" of the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the initial Reference Portfolio), 
the replacement of any components of the initial Reference Portfolio by the components of the 
Amended Reference Portfolio, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Amended Reference Portfolio" means the portfolio comprising the Reference Entities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of the Reference Entities Switch, 
provided that the Amended Reference Portfolio shall always refer to the same Markit index 
family (but a different Series) than the initial Reference Portfolio, as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Maturity Extension" means the extension, if any, of the Maturity Date or Scheduled Maturity 
Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (respectively 
the initial Maturity Date or the initial Scheduled Maturity Date) by up to 7 calendar months 
(respectively the Amended Maturity Date or the Amended Scheduled Maturity Date), as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
(b) 
Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension 
With respect to Tranche Notes and if the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that 
the clause "Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension at the option of the Issuer" is 
"Applicable" the Credit Linked Notes are subject to, from and including the Issue Date to and 
including the day falling 1 calendar year after the Issue Date, (i) Reference Entities Switch 
and/or (ii) Maturity Extension, at the option of the Issuer, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions pursuant to a 
notice period of not less than 5 Business Days or any other notice period (the "Notice Period") 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement provided that in any case it shall not 
be less than 3 Business Days (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date for the Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension). 
If a Notice of Pending Credit Event or a Credit Event Notice, in respect of the initial Reference 
Portfolio, has been delivered prior to, or is delivered to the Noteholders on the same day as, or 
after, any such notice of Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension, the latter will 
prevail and any previously delivered Notice of Pending Credit Event or Credit Event Notice 
shall be deemed to be void and of no effect. 
A revised Reference Entity, Amended Reference Portfolio, Amended Maturity Date or 
Amended Scheduled Maturity Date (as the case may be) will be deemed a Reference Entity, 
Reference Portfolio, Maturity Date or Scheduled Maturity Date respectively. 
(c) 
Amendments to this Credit Technical Annex 
The Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
from time to time amend any provision of this Credit Technical Annex and/or the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement (i) to incorporate and/or reflect and/or take account of (x) further 
or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to 
credit derivative transactions which may, without limitation, relate to one or more Reference 
Entities or Reference Entity types and/or the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or

--- Page 316 ---
303 
(y) the operation or application of determinations by any Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is necessary or desirable (including from the 
perspective of Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) to reflect or account for market practice 
for credit derivatives transactions and/or to eliminate or account for any provisions of the Hedge 
Positions with the aim of ensuring no mismatch or discrepancy between rights and obligations 
under the Hedge Positions and under the Credit Linked Notes. Such amendments may include, 
without limitation, varying any date or timing or procedures provided for in this Credit 
Technical Annex and/or the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. PROVIDED THAT, 
subject as set out in the next paragraph of this paragraph 13, such amendments may not include 
changes to the currency of the Credit Linked Notes, the amount of interest payable on the Credit 
Linked Notes, the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Credit Linked Notes or the 
Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Notes.  
In the event that such amendments lead to a revised Reference Entity then a Credit Event may 
be triggered on such revised Reference Entity and the consequential provisions of this Credit 
Technical Annex will apply in the usual manner. 
Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph will be notified to Holders pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 16 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
PART 3 – ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATED TO CDS SPREAD 
The provisions of this "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" shall be applicable for Single Name Notes 
where the applicable Offering Circular Supplement specifies that "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" 
is "Applicable".  
In the event of any inconsistency between Parts 1 and 2 of this Credit Technical Annex and this Part 3, the 
definitions and provisions of Part 3 shall prevail. 
15. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
"Adjustment Spread" means (i) the adjustment spread specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, if applicable or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the 
Issue Date in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), the adjustment spread specified in the notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with the definition "Switch Option" below (if applicable).  
"Aggregate Basket Loss" means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and 
equal to (i) the Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional amount. For the 
avoidance of doubt Aggregate Basket Loss shall take into account only the Credit Event Determination 
Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has been determined.  
“Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount” means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in 
percentage and equal to (i) the Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount shall take into account only 
the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has been determined. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a CDS Spread, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following Scheduled Trading Day). 
"CDS Spread" means the Reference Entity Spread. 
"CDS Dealer" means any dealer (other than Societe Generale) determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being a dealer in respect of providing quotations in respect of credit default swap transactions. 
"Dealer Poll Method" means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference Entity 
Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: the Calculation Agent will attempt to 
obtain quotations in accordance with the Quotation Method from five CDS Dealers, whereby:

--- Page 317 ---
304 
(a) 
If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time on such day, 
the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations without regard to 
the quotation having the highest value (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the quotation having the lowest value (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations)); or 
(b) 
If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity 
Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations; or 
(c) 
If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity 
Spread will be such quotation; or 
(d) 
If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference 
Entity Spread will be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, having 
regard to the conditions prevailing in the market, such as, but not limited to, the liquidity and 
trading conditions relating to the Reference CDS at the time of calculation. 
"Effective Credit Index" means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions of this Index are 
published after the Initial Credit Index, the latest version of the Initial Credit Index, published by the 
Credit Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expected 
that the Credit Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of one Reference Entity composing the Effective Credit Index, and the Final Value 
has been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Effective Credit Index Spread" means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default 
swap on the Effective Credit Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a maturity equal to the Credit 
Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Dealer Poll Method. 
"External Provider" means (i) the external provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified 
as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), the external provider 
(or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the definition "Switch Option" below (if applicable). 
"External Provider Method" means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference 
Entity Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The sum of (i) the mid-market spread quotation published by the External Provider around the 
External Provider Time on such day (the External Provider Spread) and (ii) the Adjustment 
Spread; or 
(b) 
If the Reference Entity Spread cannot be obtained pursuant to (a) above or if there are less than 
3 contributors to the External Provider on such day, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Reference Entity Spread in accordance with the Dealer Poll Method. 
"External Provider Time" means 15.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Effective Credit Index Upfront" means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date, by converting the Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the 
Bloomberg function "CDSW", as further specified below, or any other calculation as the Calculation 
Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the 
Bloomberg function "CDSW", the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront 
using the following Bloomberg parameters with the resulting "Points Upfront" expressed as a percentage: 
● 
Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread 
● 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
● 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency

--- Page 318 ---
305 
● 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
● 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
● 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date 
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in its sole discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination 
with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
"Credit Index Coupon" means a rate expressed in a percentage as specified in the additional Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
"Credit Index Currency" means a currency specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Credit Index Maturity" means 5-year unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement.  
"Credit Index Publisher" means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) that is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the 
methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Initial Credit Index. 
"Credit Index Recovery Rate" means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Initial Credit Index" means the credit index specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Quotation Deadline Time" means 17.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Quotation Method" means the quotation method specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, which may be (i) Bid if the Reference Entity Spread is a bid rate, (ii) Offer if the Reference 
Entity Spread is an offer rate, or (iii) Mid-market if the Reference Entity Spread is a mid-market rate; or 
if no Quotation Method is so specified, Offer shall apply. 
"Rebased Credit Index Spread" means the spread, expressed as a percentage, and determined by the 
Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i) by converting the Rebased Credit Index Upfront into a quoted 
spread, using the function "CDSW" in Bloomberg, as further specified below, or any other calculation as 
the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. When using the Bloomberg function "CDSW", the Calculation Agent will determine the Rebased 
Credit Index Spread using the following Bloomberg parameters: 
- Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Credit Index Upfront 
- Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
- Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
- Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
- Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
- Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Rebased Credit Index Spread with substitute details 
which are market equivalent. 
"Rebased Credit Index Upfront" means the sum of (i) the Effective Credit Index Upfront multiplied 
by the Remaining Credit Index Notional and (ii) the Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount.

--- Page 319 ---
306 
"Reference CDS" means a single-name credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the 
ISDA credit derivatives definitions in the Reference CDS Currency, and with a maturity equal to the 
Reference CDS Maturity (or the nearest standard maturity that is higher than such Reference CDS 
Maturity if such maturity is not available).  
"Reference CDS Currency" means the main trading currency for the relevant Reference Entity, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Reference CDS Maturity" means 5-year, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement. 
"Reference Entity" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
or any Successor thereto in accordance with the provisions of Part 1 "Definitions", subject always to the 
provisions of paragraph 2 (Adjustments and Extraordinary Events) below. 
"Reference Entity Spread" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the rate, expressed as a 
quoted spread, for the Reference CDS, determined by the Calculation Agent initially in accordance with 
the Reference Entity Spread Method specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, subject 
to the Switch Option.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an 
upfront amount (the "Upfront Quotation"), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread 
by using the function CDSW in Bloomberg or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem 
appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Reference Entity Spread Method" means either Dealer Poll Method or External Provider Method as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Remaining Basket Notional" means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage 
and equal to 100% minus the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been determined, of the Reference Entity 
Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
“Remaining Credit Index Notional” means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage 
and equal to 100% minus the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been determined, of the Reference Entity 
Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a CDS Spread, a Business Day for the purposes of this 
Credit Technical Annex. 
"Switch Option" means, unless Switch Option is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, that (i) on any day where the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method 
is the Dealer Poll Method, the Issuer may, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, change the 
determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the External Provider Method, or (ii) on any day where 
the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, the Issuer may, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the 
Dealer Poll Method, subject in the case of both (i) and (ii) to giving to the Noteholders, in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions, not less than 5 Business Days nor 
more than 10 Business Days' notice prior to the date of effect of the Switch Option specified in such 
notice, and the Switch Option shall take effect on the date of effect specified in such notice;  
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day). 
16. 
ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENT 
(a) 
Succession event

--- Page 320 ---
307 
If a succession event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may – in 
addition to the provisions of Part 1 "Definitions" and acting in good faith – decide to either: 
(i) 
replace the Reference Entity (A) by the Successor or (B) in case of several Successors, 
by one, some or all of the Successors resulting from the succession event; 
(ii) 
substitute the Successor or Successors by one or several Similar Reference Entity(ies) 
(as defined in paragraph 8(d) of Part 2); 
(iii) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as per Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the 
General Terms and Conditions; or 
(iv) 
consider such succession event as an Early Redemption Event as defined in paragraph 
8(d) of Part 2, which will cause an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes at an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6(l) 
of the General Terms and Conditions; 
in any case, it being understood that, in case of (i) or (ii) above: 
(A) 
such replacement or substitution shall affect only the provisions related to 
Reference Entity Spread; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will (x) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, 
to be made to the elements relating to a credit default swap on the relevant 
Reference Entity used to determine the Reference Entity Spread and any 
settlement or payment terms under the Credit Linked Notes, and/or adjust any 
other terms of the Credit Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Credit Linked Notes and (y) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
(b) 
External Provider Event  
On any day where the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider 
Method, upon the Issuer becoming aware that the External Provider Spread is no longer 
available or it is illegal or impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent) for the 
Calculation Agent to use the External Provider Method, the Issuer will change the determination 
of the Reference Entity Spread to the Dealer Poll Method with immediate effect, and give notice 
of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), to the 
Holders as soon as reasonably practicable 
(c) 
Credit Index Event 
If the Effective Credit Index Spread is no longer available or it is impossible (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) for the Calculation Agent to use the Effective Credit Index Spread, the 
Issuer will replace the determination of the Effective Credit Index Spread by the weighted 
average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities in the relevant Reference 
Portfolio with immediate effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 321 ---
308 
COMMODITIES TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Commodity Linked Conditions") set out in the following commodities technical 
annex (the "Commodities Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, form part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference to the "Conditions" of the relevant 
Securities shall be construed accordingly. This Commodities Technical Annex shall be applicable if the following 
is stated in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Commodities Technical Annex apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should be read 
together with this Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Commodities 
Technical Annex and this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Commodities Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the same 
meanings as those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context requires. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS 
1. 
COMMODITY REFERENCE PRICES 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, any of (a) the prices specified for the relevant Commodity below, (b) the Closing Price for 
the relevant Commodity Index specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or (c) any other 
price specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
"AL" for a date means the settlement price per tonne of high grade primary aluminium at the end of the 
second morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date 
(available on page "LOAHDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal) and on page "RING=" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"AL3" for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward high grade primary aluminium 
on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in 
USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOAHDS03 Comdty" 
of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page); 
"BL" for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the Brent blend crude oil on the ICE of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for 
that date (available on page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on "CO2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" 
of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"CC" for a date means the settlement price per metric tonne of Cocoa Bean on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date 
(available on page "CC1Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"CL" for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude 
oil on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the NYMEX 
for that date (available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"CO" for a date means the settlement price per bushel of No.2 Yellow Corn on the CBOT of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the

--- Page 322 ---
309 
CBOT for that date (available on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"CT" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Cotton No.2 on the ICE of First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date 
(available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page"CTc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" for as Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"CU" for a date means the settlement price per tonne of copper Grade A at the end of the second morning 
ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LOCADY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"CU3" for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward copper Grade A on the LME 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page " LOCADS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); 
"DA" for a date means the settlement price per 100 pounds of Class III Milk on the CME of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the CME 
for that date (available on page "DA1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DA2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "DAc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DAc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"EU2" for a date means the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being 
an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated 
in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MO1 Comdty" of 
the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page); 
"FC" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Feeder Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CME for that 
date (available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"FN" for a date means the settlement price per Therm of the UK natural gas on the ICE of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement) stated in GBP pence, as determined and made public by ICE for that date (available on page 
"FN1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGLNc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"GI" for a date means the settlement price per MWh of the phelix baseload electricity index 
(Germany/Austria) on the EEX of the Second Nearby Month Contract (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement) stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the EEX 
for that date (available on page "GI2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "F1BMc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page);

--- Page 323 ---
310 
"GL" for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the gas oil on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond the January 2015 contract 
month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Law Sulphur Futures Contract with changes in its specification for 
February 2015 and later contract month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE 
for that date (available on page "QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" 
of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"GOA" for a date, means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) London Gold price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a 
member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered 
by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the 
LBMA on its website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on 
page "GOLDLNAM index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXAM=" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or website such 
as recommended by the LBMA); 
"GO" for a date, means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) London Gold price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a 
member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered 
by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the 
LBMA on its website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on 
page "GOLDLNPM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXPM=" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or website such 
as recommended by the LBMA); 
"GOC" for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Selected 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated 
in USD, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" 
of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page); provided that: 
Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among February, 
April, June, August and December Futures Contract. 
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of any of Selected Futures Contracts Futures Contract, 
the relevant Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among 
February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract; 
"HO" for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the New York Harbor ULSD ("Ultra Low 
Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)") on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and 
made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"ICEDEU3 Index" for a date means the sum of: 
(a) 
the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an entitlement to 
emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the EUA Daily Phase 3 Futures 
Contract (or any Future Contract replacing EUA Daily Phase 3 Futures Contract for Phase 4 
delivery in accordance with the EU ETS) stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "ICEDEU3 Index" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any 
relevant succeeding page); and 
(b) 
as will be further specified in the Offering Circular Supplement: either 
(i) all unwinding costs (costs expressed in negative value) or fees (if any) that would be paid by 
a Hypothetical Investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price; or

--- Page 324 ---
311 
(ii) all Standard Unwind Costs being the costs expressed as a negative amount except where 
expressed as a gain, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without 
duplication) all costs, fees (if any) that would be paid by a Hypothetical Investor in order to 
execute an order on such settlement price, expenses (including break funding charges/gains and 
loss or gain of funding, which, for the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss/gain of future 
interest amounts to be received under the funding arrangement(s) entered into in relation to the 
Securities), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly by the Hedge Entity in relation to the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the related partial or total termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any Hedge Positions, such amount to be appointed pro rata amongst the 
outstanding Securities.  
Where "Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"KC" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Arabica Coffee on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the ICE for that 
date (available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"KW" for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Hard Red Winter Wheat on the KBOT of First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the 
KBOT for that date (available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"KW2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on "KWc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract 
page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"LC" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Live Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CME for that 
date (available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"LH" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Lean Hogs on the CME of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CME for that 
date (available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"MCU" for a date means the price per ton of copper Grade A on the LME of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract, subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available 
on page "MCU/CLS1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, 
and on the relevant page of the Bloomberg terminal); 
"MOZ23 Comdty" for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE 
of the December 2023 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for 
that date (available on page "MOZ23 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) that would be paid 
by a Hypothetical Investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price. 
"MOZ24 Comdty" for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE

--- Page 325 ---
312 
of the December 2024 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for 
that date (available on page "MOZ24 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) that would be paid 
by a Hypothetical Investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price. 
"MOZ25 Comdty" for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE 
of the December 2025 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for 
that date (available on page "MOZ25 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) that would be paid 
by a Hypothetical Investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price.  
"NG" for a date means the settlement price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry 
Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the NYMEX 
for that date (available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETNGS" of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"NI" for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Primary Nickel at the end of the second morning 
ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LONIDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"NI3" for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Primary Nickel on the LME 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LONIDS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); 
"OJ" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice on the ICE 
of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by 
the ICE for that date (available on page "JO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"JO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"OJc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "OJc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"PB" for a date means the settlement price per tonne of the Standard Lead at the end of the second 
morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available 
on page "LOPBDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"PB3" for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Standard Lead on the LME (unless 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined 
and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOPBDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page "MPB3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page); 
"PD" for a date, means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) London Palladium price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium 
Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and 
published by the LME on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date 
(available on page "PLDMLNPM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or web 
site such as recommended by the LME);

--- Page 326 ---
313 
"PDA" for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) London Palladium Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium 
Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and 
published by the LME on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date 
(available on page "PLDMLNAM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIXAM=" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page, or 
web site such as recommended by the LME or its successor); 
"PT" for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) London Platinum Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum 
Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised 
to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the 
LME on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page 
"PLTMLNPM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or web site such as 
recommended by the LME); 
"PTA" for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) London Platinum Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum 
Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised 
to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the 
LME on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page 
"PLTMLNAM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on the "XPTFIXAM=" page of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or website such 
as recommended by the LME); 
"RB" for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the reformulated gasoline blendstock for 
oxygen blending on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"SB" for a date means the settlement price per pound of Sugar #11 on the ICE of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date 
(available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"SI" for a date, means that day's LBMA Silver price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London 
through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. dollars, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA, and 
published by the LBMA on its website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that 
date (as published on page "SLVRLND Index" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page, or any replacement page or website such as recommended by the LBMA). 
"SIC" for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Selected 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated 
in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page"SI1 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page); provided that: 
Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, 
July, September and December Futures Contracts. 
If such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures 
Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, 
September and December Futures Contracts;

--- Page 327 ---
314 
"SM" for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of Soybean Meal on the CBOT of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the 
CBOT for that date (available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"SM2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SMc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"SO" for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Soybean on the CBOT of First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CBOT for that date 
(available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"WH" for a date means the settlement price per bushel of deliverable grade wheat on the CBOT of the 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the 
CBOT for that date (available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"W 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"Wc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"XA" for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the Rotterdam monthly coal on the ICE of 
the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available 
on page "XA2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "ATWMc2" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
"ZN" for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Special High Grade Zinc at the end of the second 
morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available 
on page "LOZSDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); and 
"ZN3" for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Special High Grade Zinc on the 
LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOZSDS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
2. 
PRICE SOURCES 
"Price Source" means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, the Exchange, Index Sponsor or 
other entity, as specified in the definition of that Commodity Reference Price as the entity which 
determines and makes public the relevant price. 
"APX" means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V. or its successor. 
"CBOT" means the Chicago Board of Trade or its successor. 
"CME" means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or its successor. 
"COMEX" means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York or its successor. 
"EEX" means European Energy Exchange or its successor. 
"ICE" means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. or its successor.

--- Page 328 ---
315 
"KBOT" means the Kansas City Board of Trade or its successor. 
"LBMA" means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor. 
"LME" means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor. 
"London Bullion Market" means the market in London on which members of the LBMA, amongst 
other things, quote prices for the buying and selling of Gold and Silver. 
"LPPM" means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor. 
"NORDPOOL" means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange) or its successor. 
"NYMEX" means the New York Mercantile Exchange or its successor. 
"OMLX" means the OM London Exchange Ltd. or its successor. 
"SIMEX" means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
3. 
OTHER DEFINITIONS 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of determining an average. With respect 
to a Commodity, Averaging Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a 
Commodity Index, Averaging Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Averaging Date is 
considered as a Valuation Date.  
"Barrier Date" means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier 
Level is reached or any other condition has occurred, and which includes each date specified as such in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. If a date is specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. With 
respect to a Commodity, Barrier Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect 
to a Commodity Index, Barrier Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, Common Commodity Business Day or 
Common Index Business Day, as relevant, is applicable to Barrier Dates. 
"Barrier Level" means the level specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Basket" means a basket of Commodities specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Closing Price" for a date means, with respect to a Commodity Index, the closing level of the 
Commodity Index determined and made public by the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Index Calculation 
Agent) for that date. 
"Commodity" means any of the commodities referenced in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, 
commodities comprised in a Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, if applicable or any commodity 
otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Commodity Business Day" means (a) when the Commodity Reference Price is a price determined and 
made public by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, 
would have been) a scheduled trading day on that Exchange and, (b) when the Commodity Reference 
Price is not a price determined and made public by an Exchange, a day with respect to which the relevant 
Price Source is scheduled to make public a price. 
"Commodity Index" means the index on commodities specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement.

--- Page 329 ---
316 
"Common Commodity Business Day" means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is a 
Commodity Business Day with respect to all Commodity Reference Prices specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Common Index Business Day" means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is an Index Business 
Day with respect to all Commodity Indices specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Exchange" means the exchange or principal trading market specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, provided that with respect to a Commodity Index, Exchange means the exchange or 
quotation system on which the Commodities comprised in the Commodity Index are traded, or any 
successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, in particular by reason of comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Commodities. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Futures Contract" means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date or a 
Barrier Date, a standardised contract, traded on the Exchange referenced in that Commodity Reference 
Price, for future delivery of a contract size of the Commodity referenced in that Commodity Reference 
Price, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, provided that, (a) if a particular date 
or month is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the relevant Futures Contract will 
be the Futures Contract providing for delivery on that date or month, (b) if First Nearby Month, Second 
Nearby Month etc. is specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the relevant Futures 
Contract will be respectively the first Futures Contract, the second Futures Contract etc. to expire 
(meaning, for the avoidance of doubt, to cease trading) on or following the relevant Valuation Date or 
Barrier Date. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
"Index Business Day" means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any day (a) on which the Index 
Sponsor (or, if relevant, the Index Calculation Agent) and the Underlying Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if 
relevant, the Underlying Index Calculation Agent) are scheduled to determine and make public the 
Closing Price of the Commodity Index and Underlying Index (if any), as applicable, and (b) which is a 
trading day on the relevant Exchange for all Commodity Instruments. 
"Index Calculation Agent" means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Commodity 
Index, if different from the Index Sponsor.  
"Index Disruption Event" means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any of the following events: 
(A) 
the failure by the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make 
public the Closing Price of the Commodity Index (if relevant); 
(B) 
the failure by the Underlying Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Underlying Index Calculation 
Agent) to determine or make public the Closing Price of the Underlying Index; 
(C) 
the failure by the relevant Exchange to determine or make public the settlement price for a 
Commodity Instrument;  
(D) 
the material limitation imposed on trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, 
provided that a limitation imposed on trading shall be deemed to be material only if (X) the 
relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the Commodity 
Instrument may fluctuate and (Y) the price of such Commodity Instrument is at the upper or 
lower limit of that range (each a "Limit Price") (the "Trading Limitation"); 
(E) 
the material suspension of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, 
provided that a suspension of the trading shall be deemed to be material only if (X) all trading 
in the Commodity Instrument is suspended for the entire trading day on the relevant Exchange 
or (Y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended during the relevant trading day on 
the relevant Exchange, such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding the

--- Page 330 ---
317 
commencement of such suspension or trading does not recommence prior to the regularly 
scheduled close of trading in such Commodity Instrument (the "Trading Suspension"); and 
(F) 
the non-opening of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange on any 
scheduled trading day with respect to such Commodity Instrument on that Exchange (a 
"Scheduled Trading Day") provided that (X) the non-opening of trading in the Commodity 
Instrument does not constitute a Trading Suspension and (Y) all trading in the Commodity 
Instrument is closed for the entire Scheduled Trading Day (the "Closed Exchange"). 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Date shall not be considered as an 
Index Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation 
Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation Date). 
"Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement which (a) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods 
of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Commodity Index and/or (b) makes public 
(directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Commodity Index on a regular 
basis.  
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
"Intraday Price" means, with respect to a Commodity and a day, any price at which such Commodity 
has been traded on the relevant Exchange at any time during that day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, such price to include the Commodity Reference Price. 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, the Intraday Price shall have 
the following meanings: 
"Aluminium Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling high 
grade primary aluminium has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3-LX" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Arabica Coffee Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per pound at which arabica coffee has 
been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), 
stated in U.S. cents, available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"KC2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"KCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Brent blend crude oil Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per barrel at which the Brent blend 
crude oil has been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and on page "CO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "COc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "COc2" for a Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Cocoa Bean Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the Cocoa Bean 
has been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CC2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"CCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 331 ---
318 
"Copper Grade A Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling 
copper Grade A has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "LMCADS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3-LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Cotton No.2 Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Cotton No.2 has been 
traded at any time during that date on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in 
U.S. cents, available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CTc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Deliverable grade Wheat Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per bushel at which deliverable 
grade wheat has been traded at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "W 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "Wc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Emissions allowance Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the 
emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide 
equivalent gas), has been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MO1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
"Feeder Cattle Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Feeder Cattle has 
been traded at any time during that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), 
stated in U.S. cents, available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"FC2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"FCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Gas oil Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which the gas oil has been traded 
at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (denominated ICE 
Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond January 2015 contract month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low Sulphur 
Futures Contract with changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract month) subject to 
Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated 
in USD, available on page "QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LGOc1" for a 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LGOc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Gold COMEX Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold has been 
traded at any time during that date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and 
on page "0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); 
provided that: 
(i) 
Selected Futures Contract means for such date the next expiring Futures Contract among 
February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract; and

--- Page 332 ---
319 
(ii) 
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of any of Selected Futures Contracts Futures 
Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures 
Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract. 
"Gold Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold for delivery in London 
through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during 
that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, 
available on page "XAU=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
or on page "XAU EBSF Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Hard Red Winter Wheat Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Hard Red 
Winter Wheat has been traded at any time during that date on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KW2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "KWc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Lean Hogs Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per pound at which Lean Hogs has been traded 
at any time during that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in 
U.S. cents, available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Live Cattle Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per pound at which Live Cattle has been traded 
at any time during that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in 
U.S. cents, available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Natural gas Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per MMBTU at which the natural gas has 
been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"NGc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"New York Harbor ULSD Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at which the 
New York Harbor ULSD has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), 
stated in U.S. cents, available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Hoc1" 
of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"No.2 Yellow Corn Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per bushel at which the No.2 Yellow 
Corn has been traded at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "C 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "C 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and 
on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Palladium Intraday Price" means for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Palladium for 
delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded 
at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "XPD=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service or on page "XPD EBSF Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any 
relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 333 ---
320 
"Platinum Intraday Price" means for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Platinum for 
delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded 
at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "XPT=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service or on page "XPT EBSF Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal(or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
"Primary Nickel Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling 
Primary Nickel has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "LMNIDS03 Comdty" 
of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or 
any relevant succeeding page). 
"Reformulated gasoline blendstock Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at 
which the reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygen blending has been traded at any time during that 
date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "RBc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
"Silver COMEX Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver has been 
traded at any time during that date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in U.S. cents (available on page "SI1 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page); provided that 
(i) 
Selected Futures Contract means for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, 
May, July, September and December Futures Contracts; 
(ii) 
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant 
Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, 
May, July, September and December Futures Contracts. 
"Silver Intraday Price" means for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver for delivery in London 
through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during 
that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, 
available on page "XAG=EBS" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any succeeding page) 
or on page "XAG EBSF Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Standard Lead Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling 
Standard Lead has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), available on page "LMPBDS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3-LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page). 
"Sugar #11 Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per pound at which Sugar #11 has been traded 
at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in 
U.S. cents, available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"Soybean Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Soybean has been traded at 
any time during that date on the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in 
U.S. cents, available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 334 ---
321 
"Soybean Meal Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which Soybean Meal has 
been traded at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), 
stated in USD, available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page). 
"West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per barrel 
at which the West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil has been traded at any time during that date 
on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "CLc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
"Zinc Intraday Price" means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling Special High 
Grade Zinc has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), stated in USD, available on page "LMZSDS03 Comdty" 
of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or 
any relevant succeeding page). 
 "Observation Barrier Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the period from and including the first Valuation Date to and including the last Valuation 
Date. 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, 
the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the day immediately preceding that first notice 
date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
"Market Disruption Event" means with respect to a Commodity, any event that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination of the price of such Commodity 
for a Valuation Date, and includes, without limitation: 
A. the failure by the relevant Price Source to make public the relevant price for a Valuation Date, or the 
temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source. 
B. the Trading Suspension or the Trading Limitation (whether by reason of movements in price reaching 
the limits of the Limit Price or otherwise) in the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange.  
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event is determined by the Calculation Agent. The occurrence 
or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Date shall not be considered as a Market Disruption 
Event with respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in which case 
it shall be considered as a Valuation Date). 
"MMBTU" means one million British thermal units.  
"Observation Barrier Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, the period from and including the first Valuation Date to and including the last Valuation 
Date. 
"Observation Business Day" means, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business either in London or New York.  
"Relevant Futures Contract" means, each futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index or in the 
Underlying Index.  
"Roll Adjustment" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
any of the following roll rules:

--- Page 335 ---
322 
Roll Adjustment 1: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the 
last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be: 
(i) 
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract; and 
(ii) 
immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract. 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, 
the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the immediately preceding trade date was the 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract).  
Roll Adjustment 2: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the standard (last) expiration date of the 
First Nearby Month Futures option contract, traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract will be:  
(i) 
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract, and  
(ii) 
immediately after the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract.  
For a Commodity Business Day falling after the standard (last) expiry date of the First Nearby Month 
Futures option contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which, as of the standard (last) expiration date 
of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
Roll Adjustment 3: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the 
first notice date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract traded on the Exchange referred to in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract will be: 
(i) 
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract, and 
(ii) 
immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract.  
For a Commodity Business Day falling on or after the first notice date of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the day immediately preceding the first notice 
date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract).  
"Strike Price" means the price specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Underlying Index" means each index comprised in a Commodity Index. 
"Underlying Index Calculation Agent" means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the 
Underlying Index, if different from the Underlying Index Sponsor. 
"Underlying Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement which (a) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the rules, 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Underlying

--- Page 336 ---
323 
Index and (b) makes public (directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the 
relevant Underlying Index on a regular basis. 
"Valuation Date" means a date with respect to which a Commodity Reference Price is determined and 
includes the Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and/or each date 
specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. With respect to a Commodity, 
Valuation Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, 
Valuation Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, neither Common Commodity Business Day nor Common Index Business 
Day, as relevant, is applicable to Valuation Dates. 
PART 2 – PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITIES OTHER THAN INDICES 
1. 
COMMODITY BUSINESS DAY ADJUSTMENT 
(a) 
If a Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day with respect to a Commodity Reference 
Price, then the Valuation Date for such Commodity Reference Price shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Commodity Business Day with respect to such Commodity Reference Price, 
subject to valuation deadline provisions in Part 2 – 1(c) below. 
(b) 
If a Barrier Date is not a Common Commodity Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Common Commodity Business Day, subject to 
determination deadline provisions in Part 2 – 1(c) below. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the 
earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Security and (ii) the 
fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of determinations 
made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Maturity 
Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Security and (ii) such fourth Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the fair market value of the Commodity or Commodities for which the earlier 
of (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Security and (ii) that fourth 
Business Day is not a Commodity Business Day. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
(a) 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to a Commodity Reference 
Price on a Valuation Date, then the price of such Commodity with respect to such Valuation 
Date will be (subject to the determination deadline provision in Part 2 - 2(b) below): 
(i) 
the Commodity Reference Price for such Valuation Date published by the relevant 
Exchange on the next Commodity Business Day on which there is no Market 
Disruption Event (the "Determination Day");  
(ii) 
if the Commodity Reference Price is not determined as per paragraph (a) above or is a 
Limit Price, the Commodity Reference Price published by the relevant Exchange for 
such Determination Day. 
For the purposes of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, a Determination Day shall fall within a period 
of five Commodity Business Days from and including the relevant Valuation Date. 
The determination of the Commodity Reference Price in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above is subject 
to determination deadline provisions in Part 2 – 2(b) below. 
(iii) 
If there is no Determination Day within a period of five Commodity Business Days 
following (and including) the Valuation Date, then the prices for such Valuation Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such fifth Commodity Business Day, 
using:

--- Page 337 ---
324 
(A) 
with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are not affected by a 
Market Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business Day, the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price for that fifth Commodity Business Day; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are affected by a 
Market Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business Day, the fair 
market value of such Commodity or Commodities. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prices for a Valuation Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the latest on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a 
Commodity Linked Security; and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment 
to be made on the basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date. 
3. 
CONSEQUENCES OF EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AFFECTING THE COMMODITIES OR 
COMMODITY REFERENCE PRICES 
If, any of the following extraordinary events occurs in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity 
Reference Price in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or otherwise 
becomes unavailable; or 
(b) 
at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the formula or the calculation 
method for the relevant Commodity Reference Price occurs; or 
(c) 
at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the content, the composition 
or the constitution of the relevant Commodity occurs, 
then the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either: 
(y) 
determine the fair market value of the relevant Commodity for the relevant Valuation Date or 
Barrier Date; or 
(z) 
replace, to the extent possible, the affected Commodity Reference Price with a similar price. 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Part 2 – 3(y) above and if, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, no price meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement 
price in accordance with Part 2 – 3(z) above, then the Calculation Agent will decide to either: 
(a) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Notes or a cancellation of 
the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation 
Event"). Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, or 
cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical 
Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
4. 
CONSEQUENCES 
OF 
ADJUSTMENT 
EVENTS 
AFFECTING 
THE 
COMMODITY 
REFERENCE PRICE 
If a Commodity Reference Price made public on the relevant Price Source's page and used in any 
calculation or determination made under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
made available to the public on the relevant Price Source's page after the original publication but no later 
than the earlier of: (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a Security; or (ii) in the case of Notes, four 
Commodity Business Days or Index Business Days, as applicable, prior to the Maturity Date of such 
Notes (or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement); or (iii) in the 
case of Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Actual Exercise Date in respect of any Warrant and (y) the fourth

--- Page 338 ---
325 
Commodity Business Day or Index Business Day, as applicable, prior to the Expiration Date of such 
Warrant, the Calculation Agent will determine in its sole discretion whether adjustments to the terms of 
the Securities are necessary to account for such correction. Any adjustment resulting from such correction 
shall be made in the Calculation Agent's sole discretion. 
PART 3 - PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INDICES ON COMMODITIES 
1. 
INDEX BUSINESS DAY ADJUSTMENT 
(a) 
If a Valuation Date is not an Index Business Day with respect to a Commodity Index, then the 
Valuation Date for such Commodity Index shall be postponed to the next day which is an Index 
Business Day with respect to such Commodity Index, subject to valuation deadline provisions 
in C below. 
(b) 
If a Barrier Date is not a Common Index Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Common Index Business Day, subject to determination 
deadline provisions in C below. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the 
earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Security and (ii) the 
fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of determinations 
made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date; as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Maturity 
Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Security and (ii) such fourth Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in good faith the fair market level of the Commodity Index or Commodity 
Indices for which the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked 
Security and (ii) that fourth Business Day is not an Index Business Day. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES OF INDEX DISRUPTION EVENTS 
(a) 
If a Valuation Date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement is subject to an 
Index Disruption Event for a Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, as applicable, the level 
of such Commodity Index or Underlying Index shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula and calculation method for that Commodity Index and Underlying 
Index, as applicable, then in effect (subject to determination deadline provisions in B below), 
using: 
(i) 
with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying 
Index for which no Commodity Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event, 
its settlement price as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange for the 
Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying 
Index for which one or more Commodity Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption 
Event: 
(A) 
the settlement price of the Commodity Instruments related to such commodity 
as determined by the relevant Exchange for the Valuation Date and made 
public on the Valuation Date or retrospectively on the next Commodity 
Business Day on which there is no Index Disruption Event with respect to 
such Commodity Instruments; 
(B) 
if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments related to such 
commodity is not determined as per (ii)(A) above or is a Limit Price, the 
settlement price of all Commodity Instruments related to such commodity 
published by the relevant Exchange for the next Commodity Business Day on 
which the Index Disruption Event ceases to exist with respect to all such 
Commodity Instruments;

--- Page 339 ---
326 
(C) 
the settlement price of such Commodity Instruments shall be determined 
within five (5) Commodity Business Days from and including the relevant 
Valuation Date for the purposes of paragraph (ii)(A) and (ii)(B) above; 
(D) 
if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments is not 
determined as per (ii)(A) and (ii)(B) above, 
(1) 
for each Commodity Instrument which is not affected by an Index 
Disruption Event on the fifth (5th) Commodity Business Day from 
and including the relevant Valuation Date and for which the relevant 
Exchange determines and makes public the settlement price on that 
day (and that settlement price is not a Limit Price), the settlement 
price of such Commodity Instrument(s) as determined and made 
public by the relevant Exchange; and 
(2) 
for each other Commodity Instrument the fair market value of all 
such Commodity Instruments on that fifth Commodity Business Day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration the 
latest available settlement price for such Commodity Instruments as 
determined and made public by the relevant Exchange and any other 
information that the Calculation Agent may in good faith deem 
relevant. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the date on which the value of a Commodity comprised in the 
Commodity Index and the level of Commodity Index are determined shall occur not later than 
the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Security and (ii) 
the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Securities on the 
basis of determinations made on such date. 
3. 
CONSEQUENCES OF EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND ADJUSTMENTS TO INDICES 
(a) 
If a Commodity Index is: 
(i) 
not calculated and made public by the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation 
Agent but is calculated and made public by a relevant successor sponsor or calculation 
agent (the "Successor Sponsor" or "Successor Calculation Agent", as the case may 
be) acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Commodity Index (the "Successor Index"), 
then the Commodity Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and made public by the 
relevant Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case 
may be). 
(b) 
If, on or prior to a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the relevant Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) (or if applicable, 
the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the case may be): 
(i) 
makes a material change in the formula or calculation method of a Commodity Index 
or in any other way materially modifies a Commodity Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Commodity Index in the event 
of changes in commodities comprised in the Commodity Index and capitalisation and 
other routine events). For the avoidance of doubt, and without limitation, any sub-
division (split) of the Commodity Index or any consolidation (reverse split) of the level 
of the Commodity Index, or any other event linked to the performance or the level of 
the Commodity Index shall not be considered a routine event; or

--- Page 340 ---
327 
(ii) 
fails to calculate and publish the level of the Commodity Index for a continuous period 
of at least four (4) Commodity Business Days before and including that Valuation 
Date, or 
(iii) 
permanently ceases to calculate or cancels a Commodity Index and no Successor Index 
exists, 
(iv) 
each of the events described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, an "Index 
Adjustment Event"; 
then the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either: 
(y) 
determine the level of that Commodity Index for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier 
Date in accordance with the formula and calculation method for that Commodity Index 
last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event (provided that the Calculation Agent 
may, if required in the Calculation Agent's determination, adapt such formula or 
calculation method to take the Index Adjustment Event into account). The Commodity 
Index so calculated will be used in lieu of the Closing Price made public by the Index 
Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the determination of an amount 
to be paid under the Securities or to determine whether a condition, if any, has occurred 
or not; or 
(z) 
replace the Commodity Index with a new index to the extent possible, representative of 
the similar type of commodities comprised in the Commodity Index and traded on one 
or more Exchanges. 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Part 3 – 3(y) above and if, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, no index meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement 
index in accordance with Part 3 – 3(z) above, then the Calculation Agent will decide to either: 
(c) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Notes or a cancellation of 
the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation 
Event" respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid, an 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical 
Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or  
(d) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
PART 4 – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION AND INCREASED COST OF HEDGING - 
CONSEQUENCES 
1. 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION AND INCREASED COST OF HEDGING 
"Change in Law" means, with respect to Securities that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or 
more Commodity Indice(s) as Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and 
(b) the first Valuation Date of the Securities, due to: 
(a) 
the adoption of, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in, any 
applicable law (including without limitation, any Commodity Futures Trading Commission or 
any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or any regulation, rule 
or procedure of any exchange or principal trading market on which a Commodity or any 
component thereof is traded (together the "Applicable Regulation"); or 
(b) 
the promulgation of, or any change in the published interpretation by official practice of any 
court, tribunal, regulatory or similar authority with competent jurisdiction or supervisory duty 
or exchange, of any Applicable Regulation (including without limitation any action taken by a 
taxing authority),

--- Page 341 ---
328 
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(y) 
it is or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Hedge Entity to (a) 
hold, acquire or dispose of any Hedge Position (as defined below) or (b) maintain the agreement 
entered into with the Issuer in relation to the Securities or the Underlying(s) of the Securities or 
to perform its obligations or exercise its rights thereunder; or 
(z) 
the Hedge Entity incurs or there is a substantial likelihood that the Hedge Entity will incur 
increased costs, fees or charges in (a) acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, 
maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any Hedge Position or (b) maintaining any agreement 
entered into with the Issuer in relation to Securities or the Underlying(s) of the Securities or 
performing its obligations thereunder. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, with respect to Securities that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one 
or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, the Hedge 
Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either: 
(a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Position; 
or 
(b) 
freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Position 
or any agreement entered into with the Issuer in relation to the Securities or the Underlying(s) 
of the Securities. 
For the purpose hereof, "Hedge Position" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hedge Entity of one or more (a) positions or contracts related to commodities, over-the-counter or 
exchange-traded commodity derivative transactions, (b) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (c) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (d) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (e) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio 
basis, the part of a Hedge Entity obligation under the Securities or any agreement entered into in relation 
to the Securities. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement, with respect to Securities that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more 
Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Hedge Entity would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date (s) on which the Hedge Entity 
enters into the Hedge Position in respect of the Securities) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities or any agreement entered into with the Hedge Entity by the Issuer in relation 
to the Securities, or (b) freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds of the proceeds of its Hedge Positions. 
2. 
CONSEQUENCES 
Upon the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging (the 
relevant Commodity(ies) as Underlying being the "Affected Underlying"), the Calculation Agent may 
either: 
(a) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of 
the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation 
Event" respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical 
Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or

--- Page 342 ---
329 
(b) 
replace, to the extent possible, the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector, or 
(c) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(d) 
but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging, deduct: 
(A) 
in respect of Notes only, from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under any Note on 
the Interest Payment Date(s), following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of 
Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that 
triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging or triggered by a Change in 
Law incurred by the Hedge Entity, in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the 
payment obligation of the Issuer under the Notes and such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); provided however 
that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted 
from the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Security is higher 
than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction 
Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero 
and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to 
the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest Amount(s) 
due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a 
Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the occurrence of the 
last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be 
deducted from the Instalment Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if 
any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount 
whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(B) 
in respect of Notes only and in the absence of any Interest Amount, (a) from the 
Instalment Amount (if any), the Optional Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note, whichever comes first, and (b) in 
the absence of any Instalment Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due 
under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at 
zero); or 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants only, (a) from the Optional Cancellation Amount (if any) or the 
Cancellation Amount (if any) due under one Warrant, whichever comes first, and (b) 
in the absence of any Optional Cancellation Amount or Cancellation Amount in respect 
of the Warrants, from the Settlement Amount due under one Warrant on the Settlement 
Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction 
Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero).

--- Page 343 ---
330 
INFLATION TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Inflation Linked Conditions") set out in the following inflation technical annex 
(the "Inflation Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, 
form part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference to the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities 
shall be construed accordingly. This Inflation Technical Annex shall be applicable if the following is stated in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Inflation Technical Annex apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should be read together 
with this Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Inflation Technical 
Annex and this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Inflation Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the same meanings as 
those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context requires. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS RELATING TO INFLATION INDICES 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
"Closing Price" means the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Period which is relevant to the 
calculation of a payment under the Securities; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond, if any, selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government 
of the country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays an interest or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which 
falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if 
there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity 
Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to 
the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-
linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of 
France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays an interest or redemption amount which is calculated 
by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation 
Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date 
and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall 
be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation 
Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at 
the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). For the avoidance of doubt, if no bond defined in (a), (b) or (c) above is selected by the 
Calculation Agent, there will be no Fallback Bond; 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the relevant Inflation Index on a regular basis; 
"Inflation Index" means any inflation index specified as Underlying in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Part 2 - 1 below; 
"Payment Date" means any date on which a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities; 
"Reference Period" means the time period for which the level of the Inflation Index was calculated and 
to which, as a result, such level of Inflation Index refers, regardless of when this level is published or 
announced. The time period may be, but is not limited to, a calendar year, a semester, a quarter or a 
month; 
"Substitute Index Level" means an index level, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Part 2 - 1.1 below; 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in Part 2 - 1.2 below;

--- Page 344 ---
331 
PART 2 – ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS - CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, 
INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT - CONSEQUENCES 
1. 
ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS 
1.1 
Delay of Publication 
(a) 
If the Closing Price is not published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to 
the next following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent will determine a 
Substitute Index Level (in place of such Closing Price) by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the 
Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date as that taken by the relevant calculation 
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback Bond; 
(ii) 
if (i) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date for any 
reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level as 
follows: 
(A) 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level / Reference Level) 
Where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" 
estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the time 
period which is 12 calendar months prior to the time period for which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any 
"flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the 
time period in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being calculated; 
and 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any 
"flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the 
time period that is 12 calendar months prior to the time period referred to in 
"Latest Level" above. 
(b) 
If a Closing Price is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days 
prior to the next following Payment Date under the Securities, such Closing Price will not be 
used in any calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to Part 2 – 1.1(a) 
above will be the definitive level for that Reference Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with this Part 2 - 1.1, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (x) the Substitute 
Index Level determined in accordance with this Part 2 - 1.1 and/or (y) any amount payable under the 
Securities and/or any other relevant term of the Securities, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary. 
Provided however that:  
all references to the word "five" in (a) and (b) above shall be deemed to be a reference to another 
time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System. 
1.2 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no

--- Page 345 ---
332 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of 
any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Securities as follows: 
(i) 
if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Fallback Bond, such successor index shall be designated a 
Successor Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates in relation to the Securities, 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been determined under 
paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) below; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (i) above, and a notice has been 
given or an announcement has been made by the Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation 
Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for 
purposes of the Securities from the date that such replacement index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation 
Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the 
Inflation Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and of those responses, three 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the 
"Successor Index". If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (iv) hereof; 
(iv) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the next following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation 
Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for such date, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, and such index will be deemed the "Successor Index", 
provided however that: 
all references to the word "fifth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; 
and 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no alternative index is appropriate, the Calculation 
Agent shall:  
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a 
cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption 
Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event 
or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the 
Securities and pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation 
Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical 
Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) of the General 
Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Monetisation) 
of the General Terms and Conditions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Index 
shall be deemed to replace the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Securities. 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with this Part 2 - 1.2, the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount payable under the Securities and/or 
any other relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems necessary.

--- Page 346 ---
333 
1.3 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the Closing 
Price from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback 
Bond, if any, to the level of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there is no Fallback Bond, the Calculation Agent 
shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the 
same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any 
prior payments made under the Securities. 
1.4 
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date under the 
Securities, the Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index, then 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall make any 
such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the Fallback Bond, or, if 
there is no Fallback Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue 
as the Inflation Index. 
Provided however that: 
all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing 
System. 
1.5 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within the earlier of (i) 30 days of publication, and (ii) the day that is five Business Days prior to the 
next following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index 
Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, 
the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any 
other relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such 
correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. 
Provided however that: 
all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing 
System. 
2. 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING 
LIMIT EVENT AND CONSEQUENCES  
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Increased Cost of Hedging" and "Holding Limit Event" 
have the meanings given to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging relating to an Inflation Index (the "Affected Underlying"), the Calculation 
Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.

--- Page 347 ---
334 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Conditions") set out in the following foreign 
exchange rate technical annex (the "Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, form part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference 
to the "Conditions" of the relevant Securities shall be construed accordingly. This Foreign Exchange Rate 
Technical Annex shall be applicable if the following is stated in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should 
be read together with this Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Foreign 
Exchange Rate Technical Annex and this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement 
shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the 
same meanings as those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context 
requires. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS SPECIFIC TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Part 2 – 1 
below shall apply. 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate 
published by the Price Source (or the Substitute Price Source if (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate is not available on the Price 
Source) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Disruption Events" means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price 
Source Disruption, (b) an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c). For the purpose hereof: 
(a) 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Closing Price is calculated. 
(b) 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any Foreign Exchange Rate 
whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an 
amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or 
more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Valuation Date. 
(c) 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that the Foreign Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates. 
"Foreign Exchange Rate" means any exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate 
expressed as X/Y means the number of units (or part units) of Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged. 
"FX Closing Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"FX Opening Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement.  
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Hedge Entity, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d)

--- Page 348 ---
335 
other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the part of the Hedge Entity’s obligation under the Securities or any agreement entered into by the 
Hedge Entity in relation to the Securities. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, any time between the FX Opening Time and 
the FX Closing Time on a Valuation Date, the level of such Foreign Exchange Rate published by the Intraday 
Price Source (or the Substitute Intraday Price Source if the Intraday Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available) at a specific time on the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Intraday Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Intraday Price is 
calculated. 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event would have been open) for business in the principal financial centres of the Foreign Exchange 
Rate (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market). 
"Settlement Date" means, in relation to Warrants only, the date determined in accordance with Condition 22(e) 
(General), unless otherwise specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Warrant that has been validly exercised (whether by 
delivery of an Exercise Notice or the application of Automatic Exercise) or in respect of which the Issuer has 
exercised its option to cancel early such Warrants, that the Full Liquidation Date and/or Optional Cancellation 
Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the applicable Settlement Date. 
"Substitute Intraday Price Source" means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from 
which the Intraday Price is calculated. 
"Substitute Price Source" means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the 
Closing Price is calculated. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement or, if such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Part 2 below shall 
apply. 
In case more than one Foreign Exchange Rate needs to be determined for a Security on a date specified as a 
Valuation Date in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement and such date is a Scheduled Trading Day for one 
or more of these Foreign Exchange Rates and not a Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of the other Foreign 
Exchange Rates: 
(a) 
Such date shall be the Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which this date is a Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
(b) 
The Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for each of these Foreign Exchange Rates 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the 
provisions of Part 2 below shall apply. 
In case a Foreign Exchange Rate X/Y is described in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement as the 
combination of two other Foreign Exchange Rates (X/Y = X/Z multiplied by Z/Y, with X/Z and Z/Y the 
"Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates") and a day specified as a Valuation Date in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement is a Scheduled Trading Day for one of the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates and not for 
the other, the Valuation Date for both Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates (but only for the purpose of

--- Page 349 ---
336 
determining the Foreign Exchange Rate that is the combination of these two Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates) 
shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of 
Part 2 below shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means the time at which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the 
Closing Price is calculated, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
PART 2 – CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" and the "Scheduled Averaging Date" respectively), is a Disrupted Day for a 
Foreign Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall:  
(a)  
determine to apply any of the following methods: 
(x) 
determine that the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Foreign Exchange Rate 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Foreign Exchange Rate, unless each of the fourteen calendar days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date is 
also a Disrupted Day. In that case, the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following 
such fourteenth calendar day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date for the Foreign Exchange Rate notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of 
the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign 
Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
Provided however that if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the 
Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also 
a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the fourteenth calendar day following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor another 
Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately following such fourteenth calendar day shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day immediately following such 
fourteenth calendar day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date [or is a Disrupted Day]), 
and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (x) 
above, and the good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; or 
(y) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a 
cancellation of the Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption 
Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event 
or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the 
Securities and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount or 
Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation) 
of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(z) 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
in accordance with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions;  
(b)  
postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if 
applicable, the Maturity Date) until the second Business Day following the date on which a 
Disruption Event is no longer subsisting. No interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer 
in respect of such postponement, provided however that all references to the word "second" 
above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 350 ---
337 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Clearing System" means the clearing system through 
which the Securities are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
PART 3 – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, 
HOLDING LIMIT EVENT AND CONSEQUENCES 
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption" and "Increased Cost of Hedging" and "Holding Limit 
Event" have the meanings given to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Foreign Exchange Rate (the "Affected Underlying"), the 
Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Conditions for Structured 
Securities.

--- Page 351 ---
338 
REFERENCE RATE TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Reference Rate Linked Conditions") set out in the following reference rate 
technical annex (the "Reference Rate Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement, form part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference to the 
"Conditions" of the relevant Securities shall be construed accordingly. This Reference Rate Technical Annex shall 
be applicable if the following is stated in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Reference Rate Technical Annex apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should be read 
together with this Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Reference Rate 
Technical Annex and this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Reference Rate Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the same 
meanings as those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context requires. 
PART 1 – DEFINITIONS SPECIFIC TO REFERENCE RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to it in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities; 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date defined as being a number of 
Business Days prior to the beginning /end of an Interest Period; 
"Reference Rate(s)" means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement as being the 
Underlying(s); 
"Reference Rate Fixing" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such Reference Rate published on 
the Interest Determination Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means, for each Reference Rate, the page specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement; 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which the Reference Rate Fixing is scheduled to be published. 
"Specified Time" means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) specified as 
such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement; 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable Offering 
Circular Supplement (which can be a calendar day or a Business Day or an Interest Payment Date); 
PART 2 – FALLBACK PROVISIONS 
1. 
Generic Fallback Provision 
If on an Interest Determination Date or on a Valuation Date which is a Business Day or any other date or 
period in respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate any amount due under the 
Notes, the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time or if any Index Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall apply the procedure detailed in Condition 6(c)(iv)(B) of the General Terms 
and Conditions and Condition 6(c)(iv)(E) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
2. 
Specific Fallback Provision 
For certain products (mainly range accrual products), one or both of the following provisions may be 
specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement in addition to the generic fallback provisions:

--- Page 352 ---
339 
(a) 
In respect of a Valuation Date which is not a Business Day, the Reference Rate Fixing for such 
Valuation Date will be the Reference Rate Fixing on the first preceding Business Day in respect 
of such Valuation Date. 
(b) 
In respect of an Interest Period and for the last four Business Days of such Interest Period, the 
value of the Reference Rate Fixing on these days shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate 
Fixing on the fifth Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period. 
PART 3 – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING - 
CONSEQUENCES 
1. 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging 
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption" and "Increased Cost of Hedging" have the meanings given 
to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.  
2. 
Consequences 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to a Reference Rate (the "Affected Underlying"), the Calculation Agent may apply the 
adjustments as specified in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.

--- Page 353 ---
340 
DIVIDEND TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The terms and conditions (the "Dividend Linked Conditions") set out in the following reference rate technical 
annex (the "Dividend Technical Annex") shall, if stated to be applicable in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, form part of the General Terms and Conditions and any reference to the "Conditions" of the relevant 
Securities shall be construed accordingly. This Dividend Technical Annex shall be applicable if the following is 
stated in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement: 
"The provisions of the Dividend Technical Annex apply to these [Notes]/[Warrants] and should be read 
together with this Offering Circular Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Dividend 
Technical Annex and this Offering Circular Supplement, this Offering Circular Supplement shall prevail." 
Terms used in this Dividend Technical Annex, unless specifically defined herein, shall have the same meanings 
as those set out in the General Terms and Conditions or the Principal Trust Deed, as the context requires. 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
"ADR" means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) 
representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, and whose Dividends are 
used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Securities, subject to adjustment pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
"Applicable Hedge Positions" means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at any time, 
Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the Structured Securities at that time. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement for the purpose of determining an average (or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Part 2 below). 
"Basket" means a basket composed of the Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or an Indices in the relative proportions 
or numbers of Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or an Indices specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement 
"Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 28(a) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Closing Price" in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt means: 
(a)    if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of 
such Share for the day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote on such 
Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
(b)    if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, which 
means the price as published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules may be amended 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
(c)    if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism for the 
Exchange; 
(d)    in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 3 below. 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and announced by 
the Index Sponsor, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 4 below, or (if applicable) the 
Daily Settlement Price.

--- Page 354 ---
341 
"Company" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Share or the Deposited 
Securities related to such Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity (including, without limitation, 
a limited partnership) in which an equivalent proprietary unit is held. 
"Daily Fixing Time" means, the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the relevant future is 
computed by the Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the 
Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Index and for a day that falls on the last day of quotation of the 
principal futures contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, the official settlement price of the 
principal futures contract on the Index on such day, determined under the rules of the applicable Exchange at the 
Daily Fixing Time. 
"Depositary" means the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time 
in such capacity. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the Company 
that has issued the shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt 
was issued.  
"Depositary Receipt" (or the Depositary Receipts in the case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts specified 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (including an ADR and/or a GDR) representing shares or other 
interest issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, and whose dividends are used to 
determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Securities, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions 
of Part 3.1 below. Such Depositary Receipt(s) shall be referred to in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement 
as the "Dividend Related Company". 
"Deposited Securities" means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit 
Agreement pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities was issued. 
"Designated Contract" means an options or futures contract on the Share or Depositary Receipt traded on the 
Related Exchange with an expiry date (or the date which would have been the expiry date but for that day being 
a Disrupted Day or not being a Scheduled Trading Day) that matches the relevant Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of 
Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices comprising the 
Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
(a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or  
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) in the case of an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price of the Index. 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day will be deemed to have occurred 
if it has occurred with respect to the Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt.  
"Dividend" means (i) in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt or (ii) in respect of an Index, for each Share 
or Depositary Receipt comprising such Index: 
A.    an amount of dividend per Share or Depositary Receipt as declared by the Company, before the withholding 
or deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such 
a dividend (an Applicable Authority), but which shall not take into account: 
(a)    any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by an Applicable Authority (together, 
the Credits); and

--- Page 355 ---
342 
(b)    any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied on the Credits referred 
to in (a) above, and/or 
B.    an amount per Share or Depositary Receipt being the cash value of any dividend paid in shares (whether or 
not such dividend comprises shares that are not the ordinary shares of the issuer) declared by the Company (or, if 
no cash value is declared by the relevant issuer, the cash value of such dividend as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, calculated by reference to the opening price of such ordinary shares on the Ex-Dividend Date applicable 
to that dividend) provided that if holders of record of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt may elect between 
receiving an amount as defined in (A) above or in this subparagraph (B), the dividend shall be deemed to be an 
amount as defined in (A) above. 
Provided that, this definition shall exclude (a) any dividends in relation to which the Index Sponsor makes an 
adjustment to the Index when the Share or Depositary Receipt is considered as a component of an Index, or (b) 
any dividends in relation to which the Related Exchange makes an adjustment to the Designated Contract when 
the Share or Depositary Receipt is considered individually or as part of a basket (however where the Index Sponsor 
has adjusted the Index for part of a dividend or as the case may be the Related Exchange, the provisions above 
shall apply only to the unadjusted part). 
Provided further that, where a Designated Contract in respect of a Share either does not exist or has not 
commenced trading at the time of making the relevant determination, "Dividend" shall be deemed to include any 
dividends or portion thereof which are not "extraordinary dividends". For the purposes hereof, the characterization 
of a dividend or portion thereof as an "extraordinary dividend" shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Where any Dividend is declared in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the Securities, then the 
Calculation Agent shall convert such Dividend into the Specified Currency of the Securities at the rate declared 
by the issuer of the relevant Share or the Depositary Receipt or the Index Sponsor where any such rate is available 
or, if no such rate is available, at a rate determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Dividend Amount" means: 
(a) in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt and in respect of the relevant Dividend Period, an amount equal to 
the sum, for any Ex-Dividend Date belonging to the relevant Dividend Period, of the Dividends. 
(b) in respect of an Index and in respect of the relevant Dividend Period, an amount equal to the sum, for any Ex-
Dividend Date belonging to the relevant Dividend Period, of the following ratio calculated for each Share or 
Depositary Receipt that is comprised in the Index on such Ex-Dividend Date:  
(i) the Official Number of the Share or Depositary Receipt on such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by its 
Dividend on that Ex-Dividend Date, to 
(ii) the Official Index Divisor, as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor for such Ex-Dividend 
Date, subject to section 5.1 "Failure to Publish" below. 
"Dividend Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
"Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the corresponding exchange or 
quotation system specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, or any successor exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share, a Depositary 
Receipt or Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Share, a Depositary Receipt or Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). In respect of Deposited Securities underlying a Dividend that 
is a Depositary Receipt, Exchange means the primary exchange or market of trading of such Deposited Securities. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a 
Basket of Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and (ii) 
(cumulative) in the case of an Index, on which the Index Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index.

--- Page 356 ---
343 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means in respect of a Dividend: 
(i) in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt, the date on which the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt is 
scheduled to commence trading ex-dividend on the primary exchange or quotation system for such Share or 
Depositary Receipt, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) in respect of an Index and for any Share or Depositary Receipt that is comprised in the Index, the date on 
which the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt is scheduled to commence trading ex-dividend on the primary 
exchange or quotation system for such Share or Depositary Receipt, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"GDR" means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute 
Deposited Securities, and whose dividends are used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked 
Securities, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Part 3.1 below. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Hypothetical Investor" has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
"Index" means an index (or the indices in the case of a Basket), specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, whose components are used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Securities, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. Such Index shall be referred to in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement as the "Dividend Related Index". 
"Index Calculation Agent" means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if different from 
the Index Sponsor. 
"Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement) that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index; and/or (b) announces (directly or through an 
Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis. 
"Local Jurisdiction" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the jurisdiction in which the 
relevant Exchange is located. 
"Local Taxes" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, taxes, duties and similar charges 
(in each case, including interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that 
would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any 
Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income of the 
Hypothetical Investor. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the occurrence or 
existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an 
Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
A. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) 
relating to the Share or Depositary Receipt on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) 
relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) in futures or 
options contracts relating to a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
B. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the Share or Depositary Receipt on the Exchange, 
or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the relevant Index, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Share, Depositary Receipt or 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and

--- Page 357 ---
344 
C. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or in the case 
of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
the relevant Index or (b) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Official Index Divisor" means the value, calculated by the Index Sponsor, necessary to ensure that the numerical 
value of the Index remains unchanged after a change in the composition of the Index. The value of the Index after 
any change in its composition is divided by the Official Index Divisor to ensure that the value of the Index returns 
to its normalised value. 
"Official Number" means, in respect of a date, an Index and a Share or Depositary Receipt comprising such Index, 
the number of free-floating shares relating to such Share or Depositary Receipt comprised in the Index, as 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor on such date, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1 below. 
"Opening Price" means in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt means the official opening price of such 
Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 3 below. 
"Opening Price" means in respect of an Index: 
(i)    in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction Prices (as 
defined under the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, 
provided that such day is a trading day on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the 
Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A., as such rules must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, and calculated following the 
rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. from time to time;  
(ii)    in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced by the Index 
Sponsor, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Part 4 below. 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason whatsoever, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in accordance with the formula 
for, and method of, calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the event that prevents the 
determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into account any other objective element that may be 
available. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (and, with respect to a 
Depositary Receipt, the related Deposited Securities) each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts 
relating to such Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities, any successor exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to 
a Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities, has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the relevant authorities 
in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of the issuer of any component security. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index and in respect of an 
Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange (or Related Exchange), 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a 
Basket of Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Share, Depositary Receipt or Index comprised 
in the Basket and observed separately) any day (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any,

--- Page 358 ---
345 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) in the case 
of an Index, on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the closing price of the Index. 
"Share(s)" means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including without limitation, a common unit in a 
limited partnership), of the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in the case of a Basket) specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement whose dividends are used to determine the amount due under the 
Dividend Linked Securities, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. Such Share(s) 
shall be referred to in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement as the "Dividend Related Company". 
"Tax Residence Jurisdiction" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the Local Jurisdiction or any 
jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer and in respect of an Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of 
tax residence of any issuer of a component security. 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, each date specified as such in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, 
Depositary Receipt or Index, the next following Scheduled Trading Day). 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the Scheduled Closing Time 
provided however that if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be 
the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement (the 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" and the "Scheduled Averaging Date" respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Share, 
a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the Calculation Agent shall: determine that the Valuation Date or the Averaging 
Date for such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day in respect of that Share, Depositary Receipt or Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted 
Day. In that case: 
A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Share, 
Depositary Receipt or Index. If a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be 
postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled 
Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) or is a Disrupted 
Day and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in paragraph (B) below, and 
the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so calculated shall be 
deemed the Closing Price, 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value or level of the Share, Depositary 
Receipt or Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of 
the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. In 
the case of an Index, such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be made in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating the level of that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day); 
Provided however that, 
(i) if any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above, the Calculation Agent shall determine to apply any of the following methods:  
(x) notwithstanding the foregoing, determine that the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment 
shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the

--- Page 359 ---
346 
good faith estimate of the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index and the good faith 
estimate of the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so calculated shall be deemed 
the Closing Price and in that case, the payment date shall not be postponed; or  
(y) postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if applicable, 
the Maturity Date) until the fourth Business Day following the day the determinations described in (B) 
above or at the latest on the fourth Business Day following the date on which a Disrupted Day is no 
longer subsisting. No interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such postponement; 
(ii) if the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply 
only to the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the 
Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Share, Depositary Receipt or Index not affected by a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(iii) all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system through which 
the Structured Securities are cleared and settled (the "Clearing System”), as specified in the applicable 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
3. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS IN RELATION TO A SHARE OR A DEPOSITARY RECEIPT – 
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF 
HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES 
3.1 Adjustment Events and extraordinary events  
3.1.1 Potential Adjustment Events relating to Shares or Depositary Receipts 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the following: 
A.    a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Shares or Deposited Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
B.    a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, (b) other share 
capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
C.    an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
D.    a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid; 
E.    a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
F.    an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common 
stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
G.    any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares or the Depositary Receipt. 
If a Potential Adjustment Event (as defined in this Part 3.1.1) occurs affecting the Share or Depositary Receipts 
(the "Affected Share" or the "Affected Depositary Receipts") the dividend of which is used to determine the

--- Page 360 ---
347 
amounts due under Securities indexed on Dividends, then the Calculation Agent will, subject to the provisions of 
the last paragraph of the definition of "Dividend" in Part 1 above, adjust any terms of the Securities, it determines 
appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Securities of such event. 
Subject as described in the paragraph above, following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as 
defined above, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect:  
(i)    on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be 
made to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the 
Securities and/or adjust any other terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and (b) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(ii)    on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, provided that an 
event that has a diluting or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities will affect the theoretical value of the 
Depositary Receipts unless (and to the extent that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if 
any) under the Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of the Deposited Securities that are represented by 
each Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts will not be affected by any such event (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent), in which case the Calculation Agent will make no adjustment. If the 
Company or the Depositary elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented by a 
Depositary Receipt or makes an adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then 
the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Depositary Receipt used 
to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Securities and/or any other terms of the Securities as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities 
(subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Depositary may also have the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the 
Depositary Receipts for share distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions and distributions other than 
shares, rights and cash. Upon any such adjustment by the Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the 
necessary adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate to account for such event.  
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Shares or on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts of any 
Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall 
take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be 
withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment 
Event.  
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share or on the 
Deposited Securities traded on such Related Exchange.  
Definitions applicable to this Part: 
"Offshore Investor" means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional investor not resident 
in the country in which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share (or the 
Deposited Securities) is (are) listed is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and 
regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates. 
3.1.2 Extraordinary Events relating to Shares or Depositary Receipts and consequences 
A.    Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or 
the last Averaging Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a 
Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an Insolvency or a Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of 
Shares by the Company, as applicable (an "Affected Share") or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an "Affected 
Depositary Receipt"), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may decide to apply Method of 
Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary Receipt as the case may be.

--- Page 361 ---
348 
B.    If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period with respect 
to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
(a)    in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger Date (or the Tender 
Offer Date as the case may be), and/or upon consummation of the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case 
may be), until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent shall apply, in relation to Share-for-
Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-Combined, either: 
    (x)    Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or  
    (y)    Method of Substitution 
(b)    in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts comprised in a Basket, the 
Calculation Agent will either: 
   (x)    continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and in order to maintain 
the original number of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) 
will be elected and included in the Basket;  
   (y)    substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares or Substitute Depositary Receipts 
selected as described in the Method of Substitution; 
(c)    in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the De-merger 
Event, until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent will either: 
    (x)    replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the shares or depositary receipts of 
the successor companies;  
    (y)    substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger Event pursuant to 
the Method of Substitution;  
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial number of 
companies in the Basket and that in the case where the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with several shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger 
Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall be placed in a sub-basket and considered as one component of the 
Basket; 
(d)    in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until the sixtieth 
Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
(e)    in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide either: 
         (x)    that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted pursuant to the Method 
of Substitution;  
         (y)    that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid or 
whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, representing 
the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair 
market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such Insolvency until the last Valuation 
Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the liquidity of the 
market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the time of calculation;  
(f) In each case as set out in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent has not (x) applied 
the adjustment described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (e) above; or (y) if in the case of paragraph (a), (b), (c) or 
(e) above, no share or depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then the 
Calculation Agent may either: 
        (x)    apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in accordance 
with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 362 ---
349 
        (y)    consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of the 
Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). 
Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under 
the relevant Securities and pay to each Holder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events 
described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e), an Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical 
Annex Cancellation) of the General Terms and Conditions, as the case may be. 
C.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours 
at all times to maintain the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies hereunder. 
Definitions applicable to this Part: 
"Calculation Agent Adjustment" means that, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may 
be), the Calculation Agent shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may 
be), (A) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such Merger 
Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the Depositary 
Receipt or to the Securities), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in 
respect of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the 
relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. 
"Combined Consideration" means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
"De-listing Event" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt 
(or Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event 
or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member 
State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate 
conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of 
liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary 
Receipt (or Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt)).  
"De-merger Event" means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such 
Share or Depositary Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any 
operation of a similar nature. 
"De-merger Date" means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
"Fixing Period" means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall expire no 
later than 90 Business Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective 
date of the De-listing Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency during which: 
A.    Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected Depositary Receipts, the 
New Shares and/or the Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the 
closing prices of the relevant assets traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant 
Securities, as observed during such Fixing Period; and 
B.    the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New 
Shares accordingly during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of such 
Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates with regards to the relevant Securities, as observed during such Fixing Period. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 363 ---
350 
"Merger Date" means, in respect of a Share or the Deposited Securities related to a Depositary Receipt, the date 
upon which holders of the necessary number of the relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case 
of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger 
Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or Deposited Securities. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
A.    any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Securities (including the change of currency 
reference of such Share or Deposited Securities) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities to another entity or person; 
B.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into 
another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited 
Securities); 
C.    other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain one hundred per cent. (100%) of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited 
Securities (other than any of such Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by the offeror); or 
D.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding 
Shares or Deposited Securities (other than Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or 
Deposited Securities immediately following such event. 
"Method of Substitution" means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing 
Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the 
Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the Other Consideration (as the case may be) 
is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either (a) into a new share or a new depositary 
receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar 
international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary 
Receipt (the "Substitute Share" or the "Substitute Depositary Receipt", as the case may be) or (b) in the case 
of Combined Consideration into New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the 
future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to 
immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) and (b) above. 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration 
shall be deemed to take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, 
as the case may be, and the company issuing such Substitute Share or, in the case of a Substitute Depositary 
Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities will be deemed a "Share" or a "Depositary Receipt" and 
the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt 
is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant 
component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary 
Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of 
a Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.

--- Page 364 ---
351 
"New Shares" means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted 
on a recognised exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Offering Period" means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, 
the De-listing Event, the De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially 
announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date 
of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the offeror 
or a third party). 
"Share-for-Combined" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
"Share-for-Other" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant 
Shares or Depositary Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
"Share-for-Share" means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant 
Shares or Depositary Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may 
consist) of solely of New Shares. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing 
or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than ten per cent. (10%) 
and less than one hundred per cent. (100%) of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the date on which voting shares in the 
amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
3.1.3 Stop-Loss Event 
Unless "Stop-Loss Event" is specified as "Not applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if on 
any Exchange Business Day between the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date (included), 
the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing 
Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-
Loss Event), then: 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt by a 
new share or depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the 
Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute 
Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities accordingly; or 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt; 
or 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt nor 
decided to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may either: 
(a)     apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of the Warrants, 
as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation Event" respectively). Where an 
Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the 
Securities and pay to each Holder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions

--- Page 365 ---
352 
of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation), as the case 
may be. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt 
is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant 
component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share or Substitute 
Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so 
that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
3.1.4 Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange which is used 
for any calculation or determination made under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published and made available to the public by the Exchange after the original publication but no later than (i) in 
the case of Notes, four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Actual Exercise 
Date in respect of any Warrant and (y) the fourth Business Day prior to the Expiration Date, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the 
terms of the Securities to account for such correction, provided however that, all references to the word "four" or 
“fourth” above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
4. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS IN RELATION TO AN INDEX – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, 
HOLDING 
LIMIT 
EVENT, 
INCREASED 
COST 
OF 
HEDGING, 
AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
4.1 Adjustments in relation to an Index 
A. If an Index is: 
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent as the case may 
be, but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") or a successor 
calculation agent (the "Successor Index Calculation Agent"), in each case acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(b) replaced by a successor index (the "Successor Index") using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index; 
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor or Successor Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be). 
B. If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(a) on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if applicable the 
"Successor Index Sponsor") makes a material change in the formula for, or the method of calculating, that Index 
or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method 
to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine events 
(an "Index Modification"). For the avoidance of doubt, the following events do not constitute "routine events": 
a sub-division (split) of the level of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any 
other event linked to either the performance or the level of the Index); 
(b) on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant 
Successor Index Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case 
may be, fails to calculate and publish the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact on 
the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in connection with the Securities (an "Index Disruption"); 
or

--- Page 366 ---
353 
(c) the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently cancels the Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation" and together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Disruption, each an "Index Adjustment Event"). 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
(x)  calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has 
occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement using, in lieu of a published 
level for the Index, the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating that Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities 
that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those securities 
that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); or 
(y) replace the Index by a new index provided that such index is (a) representative of the same economic 
or geographic sector (as the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed 
on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries. 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected 
by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
(i)  apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in accordance 
with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(ii)  consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of the 
Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation Event" 
respectively). Where an Early Redemption Event or a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under the Securities and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible 
after the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event or Cancellation Event, an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) (Technical Annex Cancellation), as 
the case may be. 
4.2 Stop-Loss Event in relation to an Index 
Unless "Stop-Loss Event" is specified as "Not applicable" in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement, if on 
an Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date 
(included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on 
the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then: 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index representative of the same 
economic or geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on 
one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and will adjust any relevant terms 
of the Securities accordingly; or 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue with the Affected 
Index, the Calculation Agent may either: 
(a)     apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or Monetisation until the Expiration Date in accordance 
with Condition 8 (Monetisation) of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes or a cancellation of the 
Warrants, as the case may be (hereafter, an "Early Redemption Event" or a "Cancellation Event" 
respectively). Where Stop-Loss Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the 
Securities and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-
Loss Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Cancellation Amount, as applicable, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(g) (Technical Annex Redemption) or Condition 25(d) 
(Technical Annex Cancellation), as the case may be.

--- Page 367 ---
354 
4.3 Correction of the Closing Price in relation to an Index 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any 
calculation or determination made under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published 
and made available to the public by the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later 
than: (i) in the case of Notes, four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined 
in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement), or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Actual 
Exercise Date in respect of any Warrant and (y) the fourth Business Day prior to the Expiration Date, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, will adjust the terms of the Securities to account for such correction, provided however that, all 
references to the word "four" or “fourth” above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
5. EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS RELATING TO DIVIDENDS 
5.1    Failure to Publish 
5.1.1 Failure to Publish 
In respect of an Index, if during the Dividend Period the Index Sponsor fails (for whatever reason including 
without limitation, a Market Disruption Event) to calculate and publish (i) the Official Number or (ii) the Official 
Index Divisor, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Official Number or the Official Index Divisor (as 
the case may be). 
In making any such determination, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) make reference to the 
formula for and method of calculating the Official Number or the Official Index Divisor (as the case may be) last 
in effect prior to the failure by the Index Sponsor to make the relevant calculation or publication. 
5.1.2 Corrections 
In respect of an Index, in the event that an Official Index Divisor or Official Number calculated and published by 
the Index Sponsor (or determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.1.1 above) 
and utilized for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Securities is subsequently corrected (or, 
where there has been a Failure to Publish, published by the Index Sponsor) and the correction is published (or, 
where there has been a Failure to Publish, publication is made) by the Index Sponsor within five Scheduled 
Trading Days after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Dividend, as required, to take 
into account such correction, provided that such correction or subsequent publication occurs no later than: (i) in 
the case of Notes, four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement), or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the earlier of (x) the Actual Exercise 
Date in respect of any Warrant and (y) the fourth Business Day prior to the Expiration Date, 
provided however that: 
- all references to the word “four” or "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System, as specified in 
the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
5.2 Dividend Recovery 
In respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt or in respect of each Share or Depositary Receipt comprising an 
Index, if (a) the amount actually paid or delivered by an issuer to holders of record of the relevant Share or 
Depositary Receipt in respect of any Dividend declared by such issuer to holders of record of such Share or 
Depositary Receipt (a Declared Dividend) is not equal to such Declared Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch Event); 
or (b) such issuer fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of such Declared Dividend by the third Business 
Day following the relevant due date, then the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) determine: (i)  
any appropriate adjustment or repayment to be made to account for such Dividend Mismatch Event or non-
payment or non-delivery of the Declared Dividend, as the case may be, (ii)  the date any such repayment should 
be made, and (iii) any interest on any amount subsequently due under the Securities.

--- Page 368 ---
355 
5.3 Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences 
in relation to a Dividend 
"Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Holding Limit Event" and "Increased Cost of Hedging" have the 
meanings given to them in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities. 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of 
Hedging relating to a Dividend (the "Affected Underlying"), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments 
as specified in the Additional Conditions for Structured Securities.

--- Page 369 ---
356 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1. 
INITIAL ISSUE OF GLOBAL SECURITIES 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Security (i) if, in the case of Global Notes only, the relevant Offering 
Circular Supplement indicates that such Global Note is intended to be in NGN form or Eurosystem–
eligible NSSGRN form, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common 
Safekeeper") and additionally, in the case of Global Registered Notes, registration of such Notes in the 
name of a nominee for such Common Safekeeper or (ii) if, in the case of Global Notes only, the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement does not indicate that such Global Note is intended to be in NGN form, 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary") and additionally, 
in the case of Global Registered Notes or Global Registered Warrants, registration of such Securities in 
the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each 
subscriber with (x) in the case of Notes, a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid and (y) in the case of Warrants, the number of Warrants for which 
it has subscribed and paid. 
Securities that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement) other clearing systems 
through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Securities that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be 
credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
2. 
RELATIONSHIP OF ACCOUNTHOLDERS WITH CLEARING SYSTEMS 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, or any other permitted clearing 
system (such other permitted clearing system, an "Alternative Clearing System") as the Holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Security must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, or any such 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to 
the bearer in the case of a Global Bearer Note, the Holder of the Clearing System Global Warrant in the 
case of Clearing System Warrants or the Holder of the underlying Registered Securities in the case of a 
Global Registered Security, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Securities, subject 
to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, or any such 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due in respect of the Securities for so long as the Securities are represented 
by such Global Security and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer 
of such Global Bearer Note, the Holder of the Clearing System Global Warrant in the case of Clearing 
System Warrants or the Holder of the underlying Registered Securities in the case of a Global Registered 
Security, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3. 
GLOBAL BEARER NOTES 
The Global Bearer Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S in offshore 
transactions to Permitted Transferees outside the United States, will initially be represented on issue by 
a temporary global note or, if so specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, a permanent 
global note (each a "Global Bearer Note") which will be deposited on or about the issue date of the 
relevant Notes on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes (a) in the case of a Series intended to be 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream with (i) if the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
indicates that such Global Bearer Note is intended to be in NGN form, a Common Safekeeper; or (ii) if 
the relevant Offering Circular Supplement does not indicate that the Global Bearer Note is intended to 
be in NGN form, a Common Depositary; or (b) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, as agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Beneficial interests in a Global Bearer Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a person other than a Permitted Transferee and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream or any applicable alternate clearing system and such Global Bearer Note will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions on transfer.

--- Page 370 ---
357 
4. 
CLEARING SYSTEM GLOBAL WARRANTS 
The Clearing System Warrants of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S in offshore 
transactions to Permitted Transferees outside the United States, will be represented on issue by a Clearing 
System Global Warrant which will be deposited on or about the issue date of the relevant Warrants on 
behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Warrants (a) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream with a Common Depositary or (b) in the case of a Series intended to be 
cleared through a clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, as agreed between the Issuer, the 
Warrant Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or any Alternative Clearing System as the Holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Warrant must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the Holder of 
the Clearing System Global Warrant and (c) the Common Depositary for the relevant Clearing System 
is entitled to receive an aggregate amount from the Issuer in respect of all amounts due to such beneficial 
holders of the Warrants, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Warrants, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due in respect of the Warrants for so long as the Warrants are represented by such 
Clearing System Global Warrant and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
Holder of the Clearing System Global Warrant in respect of each amount so paid. 
5. 
GLOBAL REGISTERED SECURITIES 
If specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, the Global Registered Securities of each 
Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in offshore transactions to 
Permitted Transferees outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Global Registered 
Security, without, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Receipts or Coupons (a "Global Registered 
Security"). 
The Global Registered Securities will be deposited on or about the issue date of the relevant Securities 
on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Securities (a) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream with a nominee for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
either (i) the Common Depositary (if, in the case of Registered Notes, the Global Registered Note is not 
intended to be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN form) or (ii) Euroclear and Clearstream acting as 
common safekeeper (if, in the case of Registered Notes only, the Global Registered Note is intended to 
be issued in Eurosystem-eligible NSSGRN form); or (b) in the case of a Series intended to be cleared 
through a clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream, as agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or Warrant Agent (as applicable), the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
6. 
EXCHANGE 
6.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Bearer Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the Holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Global Bearer Note is issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (the "TEFRA C Rules") or in a transaction to which the United States Tax Equity and 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive 
Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part, on or after the date which is 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of all of the Notes of the relevant Tranche (as determined and certified by the 
relevant Dealer) upon certification as to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the 
Notes are Permitted Transferees and are not United States persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale directly or indirectly to any United States person or to a person within the 
United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations and in the form set

--- Page 371 ---
358 
out in the Agency Agreement, for interests in a permanent Global Bearer Note or, if so provided 
in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement, for Definitive Bearer Notes. 
Each temporary Global Bearer Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Bearer Note or 
Definitive Bearer Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
6.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Bearer Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the Holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under "Partial Exchange of Permanent Global 
Notes", in part for Definitive Bearer Notes or, in the case of (iii) below, Registered Notes: 
(i) 
if an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is 
continuing; 
(ii) 
if issuance of Definitive Notes at the Issuer's request upon a change in Tax law would be adverse 
to the Issuer but for the issuance of Definitive Bearer Notes; 
(iii) 
if the permanent Global Bearer Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the Holder giving 
notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such 
Global Bearer Note for Registered Notes; and 
(iv) 
otherwise if the permanent Global Bearer Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or 
any other clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) and announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does 
so without a successor. 
6.3 
Clearing System Global Warrants 
Clearing System Global Warrants will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the 
Warrantholders) for Definitive Registered Warrants if such Clearing System Global Warrant is held by 
Euroclear, Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System and such clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 Business Days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
which announces an intention permanently to cease business or does so cease business and no alternative 
clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer and the Warrant Agent is available, in which case the Issuer 
will deliver, or arrange delivery of, Definitive Registered Warrants, serially numbered to the 
Warrantholders. 
6.4 
Global Registered Securities 
If the Offering Circular Supplement states that the Securities are to be represented by a Global Registered 
Security on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Securities held in Euroclear or 
Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests 
in the Securities within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will 
limit the circumstances in which the Securities may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.  
Transfer of the holding of Securities represented by any Global Registered Security pursuant to 
Condition 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Securities) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the Securities represented by the Global Registered Security are held on behalf of Euroclear 
or Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer,

--- Page 372 ---
359 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 6.3(i) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. Where the holding of Securities represented by a 
Global Registered Security is only transferable in its entirety, the Security issued to the transferee upon 
transfer of such holding shall be a Global Registered Security. Where transfers are permitted in part, 
Securities issued to transferees shall not be Global Registered Securities unless the transferee so requests 
and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, Euroclear and/or an 
authorised representative of an Alternative Clearing System. 
6.5 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Bearer Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of 
that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Bearer Note will be exchangeable in part on one or 
more occasions (i) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Bearer Note is an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes; or (ii) for Definitive 
Bearer Notes only upon the occurrence of one or more events described in Section 6.2(i), (ii) or (iv) 
hereof. 
6.6 
Delivery of Notes 
On or after any due date for exchange the Holder of a Global Bearer Note may surrender such Global 
Bearer Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Bearer Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, 
the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Bearer Note exchangeable for a permanent Global 
Bearer Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Bearer Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Bearer Note that is being exchanged 
or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global 
Bearer Note to reflect such exchange; or (ii) in the case of a Global Bearer Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes, as 
the case may be. In this Offering Circular, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global Bearer 
Note, the Definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Bearer Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have 
not already been paid on the Global Bearer Note and a Talon). Definitive Bearer Notes will be security 
printed and Registered Notes will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in 
full of each permanent Global Bearer Note, the Issuer will, if the Holder so requests, procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the Holder together with the relevant Definitive Bearer Notes. 
6.7 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Bearer Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Bearer Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay 
principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is 
given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
7. 
AMENDMENT TO CONDITIONS 
The temporary Global Bearer Notes, permanent Global Bearer Notes, Clearing System Global Warrants, 
Global Registered Notes and Global Registered Warrants contain provisions that apply to the Notes or 
Warrants, as the case may be, that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and 
conditions of the Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, set out in this Offering Circular. The following 
is a summary of those provisions: 
7.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Bearer Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Bearer Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes or Registered Notes is

--- Page 373 ---
360 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Bearer Note issued in compliance 
with the U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "TEFRA D Rules") 
before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in the Notes are Permitted Transferees and are not United States persons 
or persons who have purchased for resale directly or indirectly to any United States person or to a person 
within the United States or its possessions, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations and in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Bearer Note will 
be made against presentation for endorsement (unless in the case of a temporary or permanent Global 
Bearer Note the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Note is intended to be in NGN 
form) and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Bearer 
Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other paying agent as shall have been 
notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. 
On any payment so made in respect of any Notes represented by Global Bearer Notes: 
(i) 
if the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Global Bearer Note is intended 
to be a New Global Note, details of such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant Clearing Systems, whereupon the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records 
of the relevant Clearing Systems and represented by the Global Bearer Note shall be reduced 
by the amount of such payment (in the case of principal only); or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that such Global Bearer Note is not 
intended to be a New Global Note, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each 
Global Bearer Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the Notes. 
Payments due in respect of Notes for the time being represented by a Global Bearer Note shall be made 
to the bearer of the Global Bearer Note and each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations 
in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries referred to above shall not affect such discharge. 
Paragraph (A) of Condition 7(d)(iii) (Withholding and Redemption of Notes for Taxation and other 
Reasons) (if the requirement to withhold or account for tax set out in Condition 7(d)(ii)(A) (Withholding 
and Redemption of Notes for Taxation Reasons) arises as a result of the presentation for payment of any 
Global Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deducting by presenting the relevant Global Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon to 
another paying agent in a Member State of the European Union) will not apply to the Global Notes. 
7.2 
Discharge 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Bearer Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "business day" set out in Condition 28(a) 
(Definitions). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System 
Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, whose Clearing Business Day means Monday 
to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
7.3 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Bearer Note or 
Global Registered Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years 
(in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as 
defined in the Conditions). 
7.4 
Meetings 
The Holder of a permanent Global Bearer Note, Clearing System Global Warrant or beneficial interest 
in a Global Registered Security shall (unless such permanent Global Bearer Note, Clearing System

--- Page 374 ---
361 
Global Warrant or Global Registered Security represents only one Security) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Holders and, at any such meeting 
(i) in the case of Bearer Notes, the Holder of a permanent Global Bearer Note shall be treated as having 
one vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Notes for which such Global Bearer 
Note may be exchanged and (ii) in the case of Clearing System Warrants, the Holder of a Clearing System 
Global Warrant shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each Warrant represented by such 
Clearing System Global Warrant. (All Holders of Registered Securities are entitled to one vote in respect 
of each Security comprising such Holder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global Registered 
Security.) 
7.5 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Security represented by a permanent Global Bearer Note, Clearing System Global 
Warrant or Global Registered Security that is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon 
its redemption or exercise, as the case may be) will be effected by (i) in the case of Notes, reduction in 
the nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note and (ii) in 
the case of Warrants, reduction in the number of Warrants represented by the Clearing System Global 
Warrant or Global Registered Warrant. 
7.6 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note may only be purchased 
by the Issuer if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and 
Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
7.7 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Securities while such Securities are, in the 
case of Notes, represented by a permanent Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note or, in the case 
Warrants, represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant or Global Registered Warrant, shall be 
exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Holders within the time limits set out in and 
containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to 
contain the certificate numbers of Securities drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and 
accordingly no drawing of Securities shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is 
exercised in respect of some but not all of the Securities of any Series, the rights of accountholders with 
a clearing system in respect of the Securities will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, where applicable (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount or otherwise, in each case at their discretion) or any 
other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
7.8 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note may be exercised by the 
Holder of the permanent Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note giving notice to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a paying agent set out in the 
Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any paying agent, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has 
been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and 
at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is not an NGN or where the Global Registered Note 
is not an NSSGRN, presenting the permanent Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for 
notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Registered Note is an NSSGRN, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced 
accordingly.

--- Page 375 ---
362 
7.9 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Holders while any Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Security is 
held on behalf of, or Registered Securities are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing 
system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to 
such Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Security and may consider such interests as if such 
accountholders were the Holders of the Securities represented by such Global Bearer Note or Global 
Registered Security, as the case may be. 
7.10 
Notices 
So long as any Securities are represented by a Global Bearer Note, Clearing System Global Warrant or 
Global Registered Security and such Global Bearer Note, Clearing System Global Warrant or Global 
Registered Security is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the Holders of Securities of that 
Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to 
entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the 
relevant notice to the Holder of the Global Bearer Note, Clearing System Global Warrant or Global 
Registered Security except that for so long as the Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin, notices shall 
also be filed with the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. 
8. 
PARTLY PAID NOTES 
The provisions relating to partly paid Notes are not set out in this Offering Circular, but will be contained 
in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement and thereby in the Global Bearer Notes and Global 
Registered Notes. While any instalments of the subscription moneys due from the Holder of partly paid 
Notes are overdue, no interest in a Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note representing such Notes 
may be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes (as the case may be). If 
any Noteholder fails to pay any instalment due on any partly paid Notes within the time specified, the 
Issuer may forfeit such Notes and shall have no further obligation to their Holder in respect of them.

--- Page 376 ---
363 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 
The information set out below has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but 
prospective investors are advised to make their own enquiries as to such procedures. In particular, such 
information is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear 
or Clearstream currently in effect and investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are 
therefore advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. The Issuer accepts responsibility solely for the correct reproduction of the information contained 
in this Section. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any Agent party to the Agency 
Agreement (or any Affiliate of any of the above, or any person by whom any of the above is controlled for the 
purposes of the Securities Act), will have any responsibility for the performance by the Clearing Systems or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the arrangements described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream to facilitate the initial issue 
of the Securities and transfers of the Securities associated with secondary market trading. (See "Settlement and 
Transfer of Interests in Global Bearer Notes, Clearing System Global Warrants and Global Registered Securities" 
below). 
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their respective accountholders. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream is available to other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream and DTC have established an 
electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective customers may settle trades with each 
other. Their customers are world-wide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Investors may hold their interests in the Global Securities 
directly through Euroclear or Clearstream if they are accountholders ("Direct Participants") or indirectly 
("Indirect Participants" and together with Direct Participants, "Participants") through organisations which are 
accountholders therein. 
Distributions of payments with respect to interests in the Global Securities, held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as applicable, will be credited to the extent received, to the cash accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream participants 
in accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures. 
As Euroclear and Clearstream act on behalf of their respective accountholders only, who in turn may act on behalf 
of their respective clients, the ability of beneficial owners who are not accountholders with Euroclear or 
Clearstream to pledge interests in the Global Securities to persons or entities that are not accountholders with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, or otherwise take action in respect of interests in the Global Securities, may be limited. 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Each Global Security intended to be cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream will have an ISIN and a Common 
Code and each such Global Security will be registered in the name of HSBC Issuer Services Common Depositary 
Nominee (UK) Limited as nominee for, and deposited with HSBC Bank plc as common depositary on behalf of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), unless the relevant Offering Circular Supplement 
indicates that, in the case of Notes only (a) any such Global Note that is a Global Bearer Note is intended to be a 
New Global Note or (b) any such Global Registered Note is intended to be a NSS Global Note (as the case may 
be), in which case it will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common 
Safekeeper"). 
Payments on Global Securities 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer and the Trustee will treat the registered Holder of the Global 
Securities (being the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be) as the owner thereof for

--- Page 377 ---
364 
the purposes of receiving payments and for all other purposes. Consequently, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or 
any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee has or will have any responsibility or liability for: 
(a) 
any aspect of the records of Euroclear or Clearstream or any Participant relating to or payments made on 
account of an ownership interest in a Global Security (a "Book-Entry Interest") or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear or Clearstream or any Participant relating to or 
payments made on account of a Book-Entry Interest; or 
(b) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any Participant. 
Payments by Participants to owners of Book-Entry interests in the Global Securities held through these 
Participants are the responsibility of such Participants, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers registered in "street name". 
Settlement and Transfer of Interests in Global Securities 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable Clearing System, purchases of interests in the Global 
Securities held within a Clearing System must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a 
credit for such interests in the Global Securities on the Clearing System's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each such interest in a Global Security (the "Beneficial Owner") will in turn be recorded on 
the Direct and Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from any 
clearing system of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing 
details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant 
through which such Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in Global 
Securities held within the clearing system will be effected by entries made on the books of Participants acting on 
behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
No Clearing System has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Global Securities held within such 
Clearing Systems and their records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such 
Global Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other 
communications by the Clearing Systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, 
and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among 
them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Book-Entry Interests owned through Euroclear and Clearstream will follow the settlement procedures applicable 
to conventional eurobonds in registered form. Book-Entry Interests will be credited to the securities custody 
accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream on the business day following the settlement date against payment for 
value on the settlement date. 
Initial settlement 
Upon the issuance of the Global Securities by the Issuer, Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, will credit the 
respective principal amounts (in the case of Notes) or number of Warrants (in the case of Warrants) of the 
individual beneficial interests in the Global Securities, as applicable, to the relevant accountholder(s), as notified 
by or on behalf of a Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Global Securities will be limited to persons 
who maintain accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, or persons who hold interests through such 
persons. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Global Securities will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
interests will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream and in accordance with 
the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Unless Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Securities are issued, owners of beneficial interests in Global 
Securities will not be entitled to have any portions of such Global Securities registered in their names, will not 
receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Securities in certificated form and will not be considered the 
owners or Holders of such Global Securities (or any Securities represented thereby) under the Trust Deed or the 
Securities. 
In the event of an increase or decrease in (i) in the case of Notes, the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
represented by any Global Note or (ii) in the case of Warrants, the aggregate number of Warrants represented by 
any Global Warrant, whether pursuant to the issue of additional Securities to be represented by such Global

--- Page 378 ---
365 
Security, the issue of Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Securities, as applicable, the repurchase 
and cancellation of Securities represented by such Global Security (as a result of the application of Condition 2(g) 
(Exchange of Interests in Registered Global Securities) or otherwise) or, in the case of Warrants, the exercise of 
such Warrants, the Holder will present such Global Security to the Issuer or its agent for increase or decrease, as 
the case may be, of (a) in the case of Notes, the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note or (b) in the case of Warrants, the aggregate number of Warrants represented by such Global Warrant, by 
annotation thereon, unless the relevant Offering Circular Supplement indicates that, in the case of Notes only, any 
such Global Note is intended to be a New Global Note or a NSS Global Note, as the case may be, in which case 
details of such increase or decrease in the aggregate nominal amount or repurchase or cancellation or otherwise 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems, whereupon the nominal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems and represented by such Global Note, shall be 
adjusted by the amount thereof. 
Neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of their respective agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to beneficial ownership interests in the Global Securities for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in the currency of denomination of the Notes and for the Warrants 
will be made in the Specified Currency set out in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
Secondary Market Trading 
The Book-Entry Interests will trade through Participants of Euroclear and Clearstream and will settle in same-day 
funds. 
Since the purchase determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any 
Book-Entry Interests where both the purchaser's and seller's accounts are located to ensure that settlement can be 
made on the desired value date. 
Transfers between accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance 
with their respective rules and operating procedures. Such transfers may be subject to certain restrictions. See 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Selling Restrictions". 
Global Registered Securities and Definitive Registered Securities 
The Global Registered Securities are exchangeable in whole but not in part for Definitive Registered Securities if 
and only if (i) Euroclear or Clearstream (or any alternative clearing system on behalf of which the Global 
Registered Securities may be held) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days or more (other than 
by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) any Security of the relevant Series becomes immediately redeemable or due to be cancelled following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default in relation thereto. Definitive Registered Securities will be issued in registered 
form only, without coupons (in the case of Notes), and will be registered in the name or names of such person or 
persons as the Holder of the Registered Security shall notify the Registrar. It is expected that such notification 
will be based upon directions received by the Registrar from Euroclear and Clearstream as applicable as to 
ownership of beneficial interests in the Registered Security. 
Definitive Registered Securities issued in exchange for interests in a Global Registered Securities will bear the 
legends as set out in the "Selling Restrictions". 
Each permanent Global Bearer Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the Holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Bearer Notes (or, if so specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, for 
Registered Notes (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) or for a combination of Definitive Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes), if (i) any Note of the relevant Series becomes immediately redeemable following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default in relation thereto; or (ii) the permanent Global Bearer Note is held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream or any other clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so. 
Clearing System Global Warrants will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the 
Warrantholders) for Definitive Registered Warrants if and only if (i) both Euroclear and Clearstream are closed

--- Page 379 ---
366 
for business for a continuous period of 14 Business Days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announce an intention permanently to cease business or do so cease business and no alternative clearing system 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Warrant Agent is available or (ii) any Warrant of the relevant Series becomes 
immediately due to be cancelled following the occurrence of an Event of Default in relation thereto, in which case 
the Issuer will deliver, or arrange delivery of, Definitive Registered Warrants, serially numbered to the 
Warrantholders. 
General 
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Securities; however, Holders of book-entry interests in the 
Global Securities may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and operation of accounts in 
Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Although the foregoing sets out a general summary of the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream in order to 
facilitate the transfers of interests in the Global Securities among participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, none 
of Euroclear or Clearstream are under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
None of the Issuer nor the Trustee nor any of their agents will have any responsibility or liability for the 
performance by Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective accountholders of their respective obligations under 
the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 380 ---
367 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be used, among other things, to purchase the Collateral 
Securities comprising the Mortgaged Property in respect of the relevant Series or as otherwise described in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement. The net proceeds of any Transaction other than Securities will be used 
as described in the relevant documents relating to such Transaction.

--- Page 381 ---
368 
DESCRIPTION OF IRIS SPV PLC 
General 
Iris SPV Plc ("Iris") was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company on 10 November 2004, with 
registration number 393439 under the name Iris SPV plc, under the Companies Act. 
The registered office of Iris is at Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland. The telephone 
number of Iris is +353 (0)1 411 2949. The authorised share capital of Iris is EUR 40,000 divided into 40,000 
ordinary shares of EUR 1 each (the "Shares"). Iris has issued 40,000 Shares all of which are fully paid. The issued 
Shares are held indirectly by Apex Group Trustee Services Limited as share trustee (the "Share Trustee") on trust 
for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has, among other things, undertaken not to exercise its voting rights to 
wind up Iris unless and until it has received written confirmation from the directors of Iris that Iris does not intend 
to carry on further business. The Share Trustee was appointed trustee of the Iris Trust pursuant to a deed of 
retirement and appointment dated 5 September 2013. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives 
no benefit from its holding of the shares of Iris. 
Iris has been established as a special purpose vehicle. The principal activities of Iris are the issuance of financial 
instruments, the acquisition of financial assets and the entering into of other legally binding arrangements. 
Directors and Company Secretary 
The directors of Iris are as follows: 
Saiuren Moodley 
Syed Haque 
The business address of each of the directors is Floor 2, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 
1, D01 P767, Ireland. 
The Company Secretary is Apex Group Capital Markets Ireland Limited (formerly known as Sanne Capital 
Markets Ireland Limited). 
Apex Group Capital Markets Ireland Limited of Floor 2, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 
1, D01 P767, Ireland, is the administrator of Iris. Its duties include the provision of certain administrative, 
accounting and related services. The appointment of the administrator may be terminated and the administrator 
may retire upon three months' notice subject to the appointment of an alternative administrator on similar terms 
to the existing administrator. 
The secretary and the administrator are, and the Share Trustee are, indirect subsidiaries of Apex Group Fund and 
Corporate Services Holdings Limited. Fees are payable to the administrator in respect of services provided to Iris 
SPV Plc relating to the Programme. 
No conflict of interest 
Each of the directors set out above confirms that there is no actual or potential conflict of interest between such 
director's private interests or other duties and the duties owed by such director to Iris. 
Financial Statements 
Audited accounts are prepared annually and will be available free of charge from the offices of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent. The auditors are Grant Thornton who are chartered accountants and are members of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ("ICAI") and are qualified to practise as auditors in Ireland.

--- Page 382 ---
369 
TRANSACTION SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The Transaction Security may include a fixed charge over Collateral Securities which may be held by or through 
the Custodian through a Clearing System. The charge is intended to create a property interest in the Collateral 
Securities in favour of the Trustee to secure the Issuer's liabilities under the Trust Deed. However, where the 
Collateral Securities are held through a Clearing System the interests which the Custodian holds and which are 
traded in the Clearing System are not the physical Collateral Securities themselves but a series of contractual 
rights against such Clearing System. These rights consist of (i) the Issuer's rights against the Custodian; (ii) the 
Custodian's rights as a participant against the Clearing System; (iii) the rights of the Clearing System against the 
common depositary or common safekeeper; and (iv) the rights of the common depositary or common safekeeper 
against the issuer of the Collateral Securities. As a result, where Collateral Securities are held in a Clearing 
System, the Transaction Security will take the form of an assignment of the Issuer's rights against the 
Custodian under the Agency Agreement or the Custody Agreement, as the case may be, rather than a 
charge over the Collateral Securities themselves.

--- Page 383 ---
370 
TAXATION 
Irish Tax Information 
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Securities. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. The summary relates only to the 
position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Securities and may not apply to certain other 
classes of persons such as dealers in securities. The summary does not apply to Transactions other than the 
Securities. 
The summary is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners as in effect on the 
date of this Offering Circular, which are subject to prospective or retroactive change. The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the 
Securities should consult their own advisors as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial 
ownership and disposition of the Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or local tax laws. 
Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income whereas 
persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source income. All persons 
are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish taxation on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement 
for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
A Note may be regarded as property situate in Ireland (and hence Irish source income) on the grounds that a debt 
is deemed to be situate where the debtor resides. However, the interest earned on a Note is exempt from Irish 
income tax if it is paid to a person who is not a resident of Ireland and who, for the purposes of Section 198 of the 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) ("TCA 1997"), is regarded as being a resident of a relevant territory. 
A relevant territory for this purpose is a Member State of the European Communities (other than Ireland) or, not 
being such a Member State, a territory with which Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty that has the force 
of law or, on completion of the necessary procedures, will have the force of law and such double tax treaty contains 
an article dealing with interest or income from debt claims. A list of the countries with which Ireland has entered 
into a double tax treaty is available on www.revenue.ie. 
If the above exemption does not apply it is understood that there is a long standing unpublished practice whereby 
no action will be taken to pursue any liability to Irish tax in relation to such interest in respect of persons who are 
regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch in Ireland 
having the management or control of the interest; or 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from Irish 
sources; or 
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax on 
the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that this practice will continue to apply. 
A Warrant may be regarded as property situated in Ireland on the grounds that it is issued by an Irish company. 
To the extent that any payment is made by the Issuer in respect of a Warrant, this payment may be treated as 
having an Irish source. Relief from Irish income tax may be available in respect of such payment under the 
provisions of a double tax treaty between Ireland and the country of residence of the holder of a Warrant. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20 per cent.) must be deducted from interest payments made 
by an Irish company such as interest payments made by the Issuer in respect of a Note. However, Section 246 
TCA 1997 ("Section 246") provides that this general obligation to withhold tax does not apply in respect of, 
among other things, interest payments made by the Issuer to a person who, by virtue of the law of a relevant

--- Page 384 ---
371 
territory (see above for details), is resident for the purposes of tax in a relevant territory. This exemption does not 
apply if the interest is paid to a company in connection with a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by 
that company through a branch or agency or if the Notes are held by an “associated entity” that is resident in either 
a zero-tax territory or a territory included in Annex 1 of the Council conclusions on the revised EU list of non-
cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (together, a “Specified Territory”). Relief from Irish withholding tax 
may also be available under other exemptions contained in Irish tax legislation or under the specific provisions of 
a double tax treaty between Ireland and the country of residence of the holder of a Note. 
Apart from Section 246, Section 64 TCA 1997 ("Section 64") provides for the payment of interest on a "Quoted 
Eurobond" without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond is defined in Section 64 as a 
security which: 
(i) 
is issued by a company; 
(ii) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined but is understood to mean an exchange 
which is recognised in the country in which it is established (such as Euronext Dublin)); and 
(iii) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland and the Notes are not held by an 
“associated entity” that is resident in a Specified Territory; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland; and 
(i) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt, 
Clearstream and the DTC have been designated as recognised clearing systems) and it is 
reasonable to consider that the Issuer is not, and should not be, aware that the Notes are held by 
an “associated entity” that is resident in a Specified Territory; or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled 
to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written declaration to this 
effect and the person is not an “associated entity” of the Issuer that is resident in a Specified 
Territory. 
In certain circumstances, Irish encashment tax may be required to be withheld (currently at the rate of 25 per cent.) 
from interest on a Note, where such interest is collected by a person in Ireland on behalf of the holder of a Note.  
Irish encashment tax should not apply in respect of interest payments to Holders that are within the charge to Irish 
corporation tax in respect of such amounts. 
Irish withholding tax may also apply to certain other types of payments made by the Issuer which have an Irish 
source, such as annual payments in respect of Warrants. Payments made by the Issuer in respect of Warrants 
which are once-off payments made on the Settlement Date and which do not constitute interest payments will not 
be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of a Note or Warrant will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such holder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not have an enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, which 
carries on business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a permanent representative to which the Note or 
Warrant is attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If a Note or Warrant is comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish domiciled, resident or ordinarily 
resident disponer or if the donee or successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if a Note or Warrant 
is regarded as property situate in Ireland, the donee or successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax. As 
a result, a donee or successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax even though neither the disponer nor 
the donee nor successor may be domiciled, resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland at the relevant time.

--- Page 385 ---
372 
Stamp duty 
For as long as the Issuer is a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 TCA 1997, no Irish stamp 
duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of a Note or Warrant, provided that the money raised by the 
issue of such Note or Warrant is used in the course the Issuer's business. 
Other Taxes 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain "foreign passthru payments" it makes to persons that 
fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or 
an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Securities, such withholding would not apply before  the date that is two years after the date on which 
the final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register.  
Additionally, FATCA may impose a 30% withholding tax on certain payments made to investors that fail to 
provide their broker or custodian with any information, forms, other documentation, or consents ("FATCA 
Documentation") that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA) and 
provide each custodian or intermediary with FATCA Documentation that may be necessary to receive payments 
free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation 
of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. 
Ireland has an IGA in relation to FATCA, of a type commonly known as a 'model 1' agreement. The Issuer intends 
to carry on its business in such a way as to ensure that it is treated as complying with FATCA, pursuant to the 
terms of the respective IGAs and applicable regulations. Unless an exemption applies, the Issuer shall be required 
to register with the US Internal Revenue Service as a 'financial institution' for FATCA purposes and report 
information to its local tax authorities relating to Holders of the Securities who, for FATCA purposes, are specified 
US persons, non-participating financial institutions or non-financial foreign entities that are controlled by 
specified US persons. 
Any information reported by the Issuer to its local tax authorities will be communicated to the US Internal 
Revenue Service pursuant to the applicable IGA. It is possible that the local tax authorities may also communicate 
this information to other tax authorities pursuant to the terms of any applicable double tax treaty, 
intergovernmental agreement or exchange of information regime.  
Possible Withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Pursuant to the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated under Section 871(m) of the Code (the "Section 871(m) 
Regulations"), a 30% withholding tax is generally imposed on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to a 
beneficial owner of Securities that is not a “United States person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code 
(a "Non-U.S. Holder") with respect to certain financial instruments linked to equities that could pay U.S.-source 
dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes or indices that include such equities (such equities and indices, 
"U.S. Underlying Equities").  The Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding 
regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the 
applicable Treasury regulations (such an index, a "Qualified Index"). Additionally, IRS guidance excludes certain 
financial instruments from the scope of the Section 871(m) Regulations if such instruments are issued prior to

--- Page 386 ---
373 
January 1, 2027 and do not have a delta (as defined in the Section 871(m) Regulations) of one with respect to 
underlying securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The Issuer believes that the Section 871(m) Regulations do not apply to the Securities. However, significant 
aspects of the application of the Section 871(m) Regulations to the Securities are uncertain. If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding under the Section 871(m) Regulations is required with respect to 
the Securities, neither the Issuer nor any applicable withholding agent will be required to gross up any such 
amounts withheld.  
As described herein, the Issuer's investment policy may include entering into a Hedging Transaction with the 
Swap Counterparty or any other party specified in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. To the extent the 
Hedging Transaction references U.S. equities, the Section 871(m) Regulations may apply and may reduce the 
return on such Hedging Transaction. Neither the Issuer nor any applicable withholding agent will be required to 
gross up any amounts withheld in connection with a Hedging Transaction that is subject to the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, and no additional amounts shall be paid in respect of any such withholding, nor will the Securities 
be redeemed or cancelled early, as the case may be, as a result of such withholding. The return due on the relevant 
Securities will be structured to take account of such withholding and accordingly such return may be lower than 
would have been the case had such withholding not applied. 
The rules of the Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations and application of these rules to the 
Securities may be uncertain. Consequently, the IRS may determine they are to be applied even if the Issuer initially 
assumed the rules would not apply, and there is a risk that the Section 871(m) Regulations may apply ex post. In 
such circumstances, neither the Issuer nor any applicable withholding agent will be required to gross up any 
amounts withheld in connection with the Securities subject to the Section 871(m) Regulations, and no additional 
amounts shall be paid in respect of any such withholding, nor will the Securities be redeemed or cancelled early, 
as the case may be, as a result of such withholding. 
SECTION 871(M) REGULATIONS ARE COMPLEX AND THEIR APPLICATION MAY DEPEND ON AN 
INVESTOR’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING WHETHER AN INVESTOR ENTERS 
INTO OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH RESPECT TO A U.S. UNDERLYING EQUITY. INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISER REGARDING THE POTENTIAL APPLICATION OF 
SECTION 871(M) REGULATIONS TO THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") was developed by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (the "OECD") in order to create a global standard for the automatic exchange of financial account 
information. It was approved by the OECD Council on 15 July 2014. The CRS calls on jurisdictions to obtain 
information from their financial institutions and automatically exchange that information with other jurisdictions 
on an annual basis. It sets out the financial account information to be exchanged, the financial institutions required 
to report, the different types of accounts and taxpayers covered, as well as common due diligence procedures to 
be followed by financial institutions. 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation implemented the CRS in the 
European Union and created a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial account 
information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis commencing in 2017 in respect 
of the 2016 calendar year.  
In 2023, the CRS became part of the International Standards for Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax 
Matters. That agreement primarily reflects the agreement by the OECD of a new exchange of information standard 
applicable to crypto-assets, the Crypto-Asset Reporting Framework. However, OECD members also agreed to a 
substantial number of changes to the CRS regime itself, designed to improve compliance. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it by the CRS, no assurance can be given 
that it will be able to satisfy such obligations. Implementation of the CRS may require the Issuer to conduct 
additional due diligence and report upon accounts held with it by investors who are reportable persons in other 
participating jurisdictions. The Issuer may require certain additional financial information from investors to 
comply with its diligence and reporting obligations under the CRS and investors should consult their tax advisers 
with regard to the potential impact of the CRS to their personal circumstances.

--- Page 387 ---
374 
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under the CRS may result in fines being imposed on the Issuer 
and in such event the target returns of the Issuer may be materially affected. The scope and application of the 
obligations under the CRS may be reviewed by the OECD and the information and reporting requirements may 
change.  
By investing in the Securities, investors will be deemed to acknowledge that further information may need to be 
provided to the Issuer, the Issuer's compliance with the CRS may result in the disclosure of investor information, 
and investor information may be exchanged with overseas fiscal authorities. Where an investor fails to provide 
any requested information (regardless of the consequences), the Issuer may be obliged, and/or reserves the right, 
to take any action and/or pursue all remedies at its disposal including compulsory redemption of the investor 
concerned and/or closure of the investor's account. 
Information required from the Holders of its Securities  
The Issuer may require the respective Holders of its Securities to certify information relating to their status for the 
purposes of both FATCA and CRS, including their jurisdiction of tax residence, and to provide other forms, 
documentation and information in relation to their status for the purposes of these tax reporting regimes. The 
Issuer may be unable to comply with its obligations under FATCA and CRS if the Holders of the Securities do 
not provide the required certifications and information. Failure to comply with FATCA and CRS could have a 
negative impact on the Issuer and the Holders of the Securities, including the imposition of certain withholding 
taxes. 
In addition, in certain instances the Issuer may require Holders to furnish a valid IRS Form W-8 (or other 
appropriate form). Holders who fail to provide valid documentation may be subject to U.S. withholding taxes, and 
the Issuer will not pay additional amounts for any such withholding.

--- Page 388 ---
375 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the dealer agreement dated on or around the date of this 
Offering Circular, between Iris and Societe Generale (as Arranger and Dealer) (the "Dealer Agreement"), as 
acceded to pursuant to any Acceptance Deed entered into by a Specified Issuer, the Securities will be offered on 
a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers or such other Dealers as may be appointed from time 
to time in respect of any Series pursuant to the Dealer Agreement. The Securities may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Relevant Dealer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer has agreed to pay the commissions as agreed between it and the relevant Dealer(s) in respect of each 
issue of Securities on a syndicated basis or otherwise. Such commissions (if any) will be stated in the relevant 
Offering Circular Supplement. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Securities. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Securities in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Securities being made to the Issuer.

--- Page 389 ---
376 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Because of (i) the following selling restrictions; and (ii) the transfer restrictions listed in paragraph 3.3 
(Purchasers of Securities) below, purchasers are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, 
pledge or transfer of Securities. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
These are the selling restrictions referred to in Clause 4 (Offering of Securities) of the Dealer Agreement 
dated on or around the date of this Offering Circular relating to the Secured Transaction Programme of 
Iris SPV plc. These restrictions may be amended in relation to a specific Tranche by agreement between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer or, if more than one, the Lead Manager on behalf of the Relevant 
Dealers or in relation to the Programme by agreement between the Issuer and the Arranger. Any such 
amendment in relation to a specific Tranche shall be set out in the Subscription Agreement, in the case 
of a Syndicated Issue, or in the Offering Circular Supplement, in the case of a non-Syndicated Issue. 
2. 
GENERAL 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Offering 
Circular Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to 
the Offering Circular. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Securities, 
or possession or distribution of the Offering Circular or any other offering material or any Offering 
Circular Supplement, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer agrees that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its 
possession or distributes the Offering Circular, any other offering material or any Offering Circular 
Supplement, in all cases at its own expense, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore. 
3. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
3.1 
General Selling Restrictions 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
law of any state or political sub-division of the United States. No person has registered nor will register 
as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the CFTC Rules, and no Issuer has been 
and no Issuer will be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and the 
rules and regulations thereunder. The Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an 
"offshore transaction" (as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted 
Transferee. A "Permitted Transferee" means any person who: 
(a) 
is not a U.S. Person; 
(b) 
is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person; and 
(c) 
is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or 
any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of 
doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified 
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person). 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, 
sell or deliver any Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person

--- Page 390 ---
377 
other than Permitted Transferees. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them under 
the Securities Act. 
The Issuer and each Dealer reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any 
reason, or to sell, in the case of Notes, less than the principal amount of Notes or, in the case of Warrants, 
fewer than the number of Warrants, which may be offered. Distribution of the Offering Circular to any 
person other than to a Permitted Transferee or to any person within the United States is unauthorised and 
any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. 
Purchasers of the Securities who will hold a Security or a beneficial interest therein will be subject to the 
following selling restrictions unless otherwise provided in the relevant Offering Circular Supplement. 
As a condition to the purchase of the Securities offered hereby, each purchaser will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows: 
(i) 
The purchaser has received a copy of the Offering Circular and the applicable Offering Circular 
Supplement relating to the Securities, has carefully read the Offering Circular and the Offering 
Circular Supplement and understands the risks relating to its purchase of the Securities. The 
purchaser has such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters as to be capable 
of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. The purchaser understands 
that its investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including 
the possible loss of the purchaser's entire investment, and the purchaser is financially able to 
bear such loss. 
(ii) 
The purchaser was, and the person, if any, for whose account or benefit the purchaser is 
acquiring the Securities was, a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States at the 
time the buy order for the Securities was originated and continues to be a Permitted Transferee 
located outside the United States or any person that is not a Permitted Transferee and has not 
purchased the Securities for the benefit of any person in the United States or entered into any 
arrangement for the transfer of the Securities to any person in the United States or to any person 
that is not a Permitted Transferee. 
(iii) 
The purchaser understands that the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act, that no person has registered and no 
person will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the CFTC 
Rules, that the Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, 
that trading in the Securities has not and will not be approved by the CFTC under the CEA, that 
the issuance of the Securities was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
other than the "foreign-related transaction" safe harbor exemption under the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules and that the sale of Securities to such purchaser is being made in reliance on Regulation 
S. 
(iv) 
The purchaser is aware of, and will comply with, the restrictions on the offer and sale of the 
Securities described in the Offering Circular and the Offering Circular Supplement (and a 
legend to the effect set forth in paragraph 3.3 below) and will be deemed to have agreed to give 
any subsequent purchaser of such Securities notice of any restrictions on the transfer thereof. 
(v) 
The purchaser understands that unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with 
applicable law, the Securities will bear a legend to the effect set forth in paragraph 3.3 below 
and that the Securities may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, persons other than 
Permitted Transferees. 
The purchaser (1) is not a "U.S. person" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, or "Risk Retention 
U.S. Persons", (2) is acquiring such Securities or a beneficial interest in such Securities for its own 
account and not with a view to distribute such Securities, or, in the case of a distributor, will only 
distribute such Securities to a person which is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, and (3) is not acquiring 
such Securities or a beneficial interest in such Securities as part of a scheme to evade the requirements 
of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 
246) implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended.

--- Page 391 ---
378 
3.2 
U.S. Tax Selling Restrictions 
Securities that are treated as bearer debt for U.S. federal tax purposes and constitute "registration required 
obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA Notes") 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person except in compliance with (i) US Treas. Reg. §1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for proposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code (the "TEFRA D Rules"), or (ii) US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for proposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code (the "TEFRA C Rules"). 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, the Issuer and each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (a) it has not offered or sold, and 
during the required restricted period it will not offer or sell such TEFRA Notes to a person who 
is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person and (b) it has not 
delivered and agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Global 
Securities that are TEFRA Notes that will be sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such TEFRA 
Notes are aware that such TEFRA Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except 
to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules); 
(iii) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring such TEFRA Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and if it retains such TEFRA Notes for its own account, 
it will do so in accordance with the requirements of the TEFRA D Rules; and 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires such TEFRA Notes from the Issuer or a Dealer 
for purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Notes during the restricted period, the Issuer or Dealer 
either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or 
distributor for the benefit of the Issuer and each Dealer the representations and agreements contained in 
such paragraphs. 
Further, with respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, the following 
legend will appear on all such TEFRA Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE, AS AMENDED." 
With respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the TEFRA C Rules, the Issuer and each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such 
TEFRA Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if it is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its US office, 
if any, in the offer or sale of such TEFRA Notes. 
Terms used in this section 3.2 shall have the meanings given to them by the Code and the US Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules and the TEFRA D Rules.

--- Page 392 ---
379 
3.3 
Purchasers of Securities 
Subject to any additional requirements or exceptions set forth in the Offering Circular Supplement, each 
purchaser of Securities will make or be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
The purchaser is a Permitted Transferee. 
(b) 
The purchaser understands that the Securities may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, 
persons other than Permitted Transferees. 
(c) 
The Securities will bear a legend substantially to the following effect:  
(i) 
if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is Regulation S U.S. Person: 
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET OUT BELOW. 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY 
ONLY 
BE 
OFFERED, 
SOLD, 
RESOLD, 
TRADED, 
PLEDGED, 
REDEEMED, 
TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A "U.S. PERSON" MEANING A U.S. PERSON 
AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S ("REGULATION S U.S. PERSON"), (B) A PERSON 
WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES 
THEREUNDER ("CFTC RULES") OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A 
"NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT 
EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR 
QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS," 
SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A "U.S. PERSON" FOR PURPOSES 
OF THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION 
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934, AS AMENDED ("RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON") (SUCH A PERSON OR 
ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, "PERMITTED TRANSFEREES") AND ANY 
OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER OR DELIVERY 
MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY 
ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND ACCORDINGLY IS 
BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED TRANSFEREES IN 
RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH 
PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE 
AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY 
OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF 
AN INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY 
TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING 
WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE.

--- Page 393 ---
380 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY 
INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON 
BEHALF OF THE HOLDER ANY SECURITY THAT IS HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS 
NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN 
VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE 
MADE ON THE AFFECTED SECURITIES FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE 
REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE AFFECTED SECURITIES 
ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF SECURITIES, OR 
AN INTEREST THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL SECURITIES, OR WHOSE 
SECURITIES ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL NOT INCUR A 
SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE ISSUER, OR FOR THE 
TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE 
SECURITIES. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE 
TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH LOSS. 
EACH 
PURCHASER 
OF 
THIS 
SECURITY 
OR 
ANY 
INTEREST 
HEREIN 
UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS 
HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY 
DEPOSITORIES. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT 
OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, 
TO 
MODIFY 
THE 
RESTRICTIONS 
ON 
AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO 
REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF 
THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, 
TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND 
ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND 
ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, 
WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(ii) 
if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is either Regulation S U.S. Person or IRS 
U.S. Person: 
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET OUT BELOW. 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY 
ONLY 
BE 
OFFERED, 
SOLD, 
RESOLD, 
TRADED, 
PLEDGED, 
REDEEMED, 
TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S ("REGULATION S U.S. PERSON") OR AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 
7701(a)(30) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 ("IRS U.S. PERSON"), (B) A 
PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR 
THE RULES THEREUNDER ("CFTC RULES") OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS

--- Page 394 ---
381 
NOT A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), 
BUT EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION 
FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-UNITED STATES 
PERSONS," SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A "U.S. PERSON" FOR 
PURPOSES OF THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION 
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934, AS AMENDED ("RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON") (SUCH A PERSON OR 
ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, "PERMITTED TRANSFEREES") AND ANY 
OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER OR DELIVERY 
MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. NO SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THIS 
OFFERING CIRCULAR AND NO INTEREST IN THEM MAY BE LEGALLY OR 
BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT 
ARE PERMITTED TRANSFEREES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF A SECURITY ISSUED UNDER THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR OR 
ANY INTEREST IN SUCH SECURITY ("COVERED SECURITY"), EACH PURCHASER 
WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT 
IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH COVERED SECURITY 
HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST 
IN A COVERED SECURITY AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM SUCH INTEREST IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL 
BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE 
TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE. 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY 
INTEREST IN A COVERED SECURITY TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON 
BEHALF OF THE HOLDER ANY SECURITY THAT IS HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS 
NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN 
VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE 
MADE ON THE AFFECTED COVERED SECURITIES FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF 
THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE AFFECTED 
COVERED SECURITIES ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A 
HOLDER OF COVERED SECURITIES, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, WHO IS 
REQUIRED TO SELL COVERED SECURITIES, OR WHOSE COVERED SECURITIES 
ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICANT LOSS 
AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE ISSUER, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO FIND 
A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE COVERED SECURITIES. 
NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER 
FOR ANY SUCH LOSS. 
EACH PURCHASER OF A COVERED SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN 
UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS 
HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE COVERED SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-
ENTRY DEPOSITORIES. 
ANY COVERED SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY 
BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT

--- Page 395 ---
382 
OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH COVERED SECURITY SENT TO 
THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF SUCH COVERED 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR 
THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF 
A COVERED SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
SUCH COVERED SECURITY, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER THEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF SUCH COVERED SECURITY 
AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON)."; 
(d) 
The purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Registrar, the 
Warrant Authentication Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Dealers and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements, 
and agrees that if any of the acknowledgments, representations or agreements deemed to have 
been made by it by its purchase of Securities are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the 
Issuer and the initial purchaser. If it is acquiring the Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each 
such account and it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each account. 
(e) 
The purchaser understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participant holding positions in 
its Securities from one or more book-entry depositories. 
(f) 
The purchaser acknowledges that (a) it is not entitled to rely on the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Trustee or any of their affiliates or any person acting on their behalf for any purpose, including 
without limitation the provision of legal, financial, economic or investment advice, or the 
performance of any verification or due diligence investigation, with respect to its purchase of 
the Securities, and none of such persons has made any representation to the purchaser, express 
or implied, with respect thereto; (b) except for the Offering Circular and Offering Circular 
Supplement, the purchaser has not been furnished with any information concerning the 
Securities or the Issuer by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or any person acting 
on their behalf in connection with its decision to purchase the Securities; (c) the purchaser has 
conducted its own investigation with respect to the Securities and the Issuer and has relied on 
that investigation in making its decision to purchase the Securities; and (d) the purchaser has 
received all information that it believes is necessary or appropriate in connection with its 
decision to purchase the Securities. 
4. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Offering Circular as completed by the Offering Circular Supplement in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(a) the following in relation to the European Economic Area: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or

--- Page 396 ---
383 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129/EU (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); or 
(b) the following in relation to the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA and the United Kingdom (each, a "Relevant State"), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Offering Circular 
Supplement in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable); 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable)), subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer;  
(c) 
at any time an offer of securities whose denomination per unit amounts to at least EUR 100,000; 
(d) 
at any time an offer of securities addressed to investors who acquire securities for a total 
consideration of at least EUR 100,000 per investor, for each separate offer; or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
or section 86 of the FSMA (as applicable), 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable). 
For the purposes of the preceding paragraphs, the expression "an offer of Securities" in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
2017/1129/EU (and amendments thereto) and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation 2017/1129/EU (and amendments thereto) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
5. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer,

--- Page 397 ---
384 
sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Offering Circular Supplement in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
6. 
IRELAND 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, it has not offered, sold, placed or 
underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect 
of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(i) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2019 (the "Prospectus Regulation") Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 (the "PR Regulation"), Commission Regulation (EU) 2019/979 (the "RTS 
Regulation") and any rules issued by the Central Bank pursuant to Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act;

--- Page 398 ---
385 
(ii) 
the Companies Act; 
(iii) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it 
will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank; 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank 
rules issued and/or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act, and will assist the 
Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder; 
(v) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (as amended, "PRIIPs"); and 
(vi) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2023 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
7. 
SWITZERLAND 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and 
each other purchaser will be required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with any laws, regulations 
or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, 
sale, delivery or transfer of the Securities, or the distribution of any marketing or offering material in 
respect of the Securities, in Switzerland. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and 
each other purchaser will be required or deemed to represent and agree that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular 
as completed by the applicable Offering Circular Supplement in relation thereto to the public in 
Switzerland. 
The Securities may not be admitted to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this document, nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes 
a prospectus or similar communication pursuant to the Swiss Financial Services Act, as amended 
("FinSA") nor the final terms with respect to the Securities and has not been reviewed or approved by or 
filed with a review body pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA.  
Neither this document or the applicable Offering Circular Supplement nor any other marketing or 
offering material relating to the Securities may be made publicly available in Switzerland. 
8. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 399 ---
386 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 400 ---
387 
FORM OF NOTES [OFFERING CIRCULAR SUPPLEMENT]/[SUPPLEMENTAL LISTING 
PARTICULARS]1 
Set out below is the form of [Offering Circular Supplement]/[Supplemental Listing Particulars] which will be 
completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. In case of Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) of Euronext Dublin 
and/or any other stock exchange a Drawdown Prospectus will be required. 
[OFFERING CIRCULAR SUPPLEMENT]/[SUPPLEMENTAL LISTING PARTICULARS] 
 [IRIS SPV PLC] [SPECIFIED ISSUER] 
Series [●] 
[Currency and amount] [Description of the Notes] 
issued pursuant to the 
 
Secured Transaction Programme 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
The date of [this Offering Circular Supplement]/[these Supplemental Listing Particulars] is [●]. 
[This Offering Circular Supplement]/[These Supplemental Listing Particulars] under which the Notes described 
herein (the "Notes") are issued constitute listing particulars ("Listing Particulars") for the purposes of the 
application for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and should 
be read in conjunction with and, incorporates by reference the contents of, the Offering Circular dated 12 July 
2024 (the "Offering Circular") issued in relation to the Secured Transaction Programme of Iris SPV plc. To the 
extent that the Offering Circular is inconsistent with these Supplemental Listing Particulars, these Supplemental 
Listing Particulars shall prevail. Terms defined in the Offering Circular shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
bear the same meanings in these Supplemental Listing Particulars. 
[This Offering Circular Supplement is]/[These Supplemental Listing Particulars are] not a prospectus prepared in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and has not been approved by a competent authority for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (where "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 2017/1129/EU (as amended)). 
[This Offering Circular Supplement does]/ [These Supplemental Listing Particulars do] not constitute, and may 
not be used for the purposes of, an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of anyone to subscribe or purchase 
any of the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
the approval of this document as Listing Particulars. Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the "Markets in Financial Instruments Directive" or "MiFID 
II"). 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or trading on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.] * 
 
1  
Where Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, "Offering 
Circular" should be taken to mean "Base Listing Particulars" and "Offering Circular Supplement" should be 
taken to mean "Supplemental Listing Particulars".

--- Page 401 ---
388 
[A copy of this Offering Circular Supplement will be filed with the Irish Companies Registration Office in 
accordance with Regulation 38(1)(b) of the Prospectus (Directive 2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 (as amended).] 
[Except as disclosed in this document, there/There] has been no significant change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each 
case, since [the date of its incorporation on [●]/date of last published accounts].** 
[These statements have been filed with Euronext Dublin and are incorporated by reference herein. Copies of these 
statements will be available for inspection in physical and electronic format during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer for so long as 
the Notes are outstanding. There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had since its 
incorporation on [●] a significant effect on its financial position or its profitability.] 
[[Subject as set out below, the] [The] Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.] 
The information contained herein relating to the issuer of the Collateral Securities and each other Obligor (as 
defined in the Conditions) has been accurately extracted from publicly available information the sources of which, 
as the case may be, are stated herein. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accuracy of such extraction but 
accepts no further or other responsibility in respect of such information. So far as the Issuer is aware and/or able 
to ascertain from such publicly available information, no facts have been omitted which could render the 
reproduced information misleading. The Issuer has not been responsible for, nor has it undertaken, any 
investigation or verification of statements, including statements as to foreign law, contained in such information.]* 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") 
under the United States Commodities Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"). No person has registered and no 
person will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the "CEA") and the rules thereunder (the "CFTC Rules") of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an investment 
company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations 
thereunder (the "Investment Company Act"). The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder ("Regulation S"). 
In addition, the Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. Persons") except to the extent permitted under the "foreign-related 
transaction" safe harbor exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective investors should note that, although the definition of 
"U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is very similar to the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S, 
there are substantial differences between the two definitions and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under 
Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "offshore 
transaction" (as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not a U.S. 
person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; (b) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person; and (c) is not a 
person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance 
or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United 
States person" defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the 
exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. 
person) (such a person or account, "Permitted Transferee"). The Notes described herein are available only to 
Permitted Transferees. 
Interests in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and each purchaser of the Notes in making 
its purchase is deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements, as set out in 
[paragraph 43 (Additional Selling Restrictions) of the Offering Circular Supplement below and in] the Section 
headed "Subscription and Sale" of the Offering Circular.

--- Page 402 ---
389 
[This document does neither constitute a prospectus or similar communication pursuant to the Swiss 
Financial Services Act, as amended ("FinSA") nor the final terms with respect to the Notes and has not 
been reviewed or approved by or filed with a review body pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA.   
The Notes described in [this Offering Circular Supplement]/[these Supplemental Listing Particulars] do 
not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act 
on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). Therefore, the Notes are not subject to authorisation and 
supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA"), and investors in 
the Notes will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA.]*** 
In [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] unless otherwise specified or the 
context otherwise requires, references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are references to the currency of the member 
states of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the treaty on the European Union, references to "£" or "GBP" are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" are references to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America. 
The language of [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] is English. Certain 
legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
[Signed: 
By: [●]] 
[In connection with this issue, [name of Stabilising Manager] (the "Stabilising Manager") or any person acting 
for him may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager (or 
persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager) will undertake such stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
issue of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant issue of Notes and 60 days after the allotment of the relevant issue of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.]*** 
Copies of [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] will be available at the 
specified office set out below of the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent (as defined herein). 
Notes: 
* 
Include if Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market 
** 
If any such change is disclosed in the Offering Circular Supplement, it will require approval by the Stock 
Exchange. Consideration should be given as to whether or not such disclosure should be made by means 
of a supplemental Offering Circular rather than in an Offering Circular Supplement. 
*** 
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland. 
**** Delete if there is no Stabilising Manager.

--- Page 403 ---
390 
[next page] 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
[to be inserted]

--- Page 404 ---
391 
[next page] 
RISK FACTORS 
[Insert risk factors that are material to the Notes admitted to trading in order to assess the market risk 
associated with the Notes]

--- Page 405 ---
392 
[next page] 
[OFFERING CIRCULAR SUPPLEMENT/SUPPLEMENTAL LISTING PARTICULARS] 
[IMPORTANT – BENCHMARK REGULATION – The Notes offered on the basis of [this Offering Circular 
Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] may be linked to benchmarks within the meaning of (i) the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation" or "EU 
BMR") or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 forming part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK Benchmark Regulation" or "UK BMR"). In 
such case, the Issuer is subject to certain requirements as regards the use of these benchmarks and to related 
information obligations [in relation to this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars]. 
These obligations include, amongst other things, obligations regarding the specification as to whether a benchmark 
administrator of the relevant benchmark is registered in accordance with the EU BMR or the UK BMR, as 
applicable.] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive” 
or the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT – MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
19 of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023, has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[IMPORTANT – UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook

--- Page 406 ---
393 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
["The provisions of the [Equity ([Share and Depositary Receipt]/[[ETF]/[Index]/[SGI Index] Sub- 
Annex)]/[Fund]/[Credit]/[Commodities]/[Inflation]/[Foreign Exchange Rate]/[Reference Rate]/[Dividend] 
Technical Annex apply to these Notes and should be read together with [this Offering Circular 
Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars]. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
[Equity]/[Fund]/[Commodities]/[Inflation]/[Foreign Exchange Rate]/[Reference Rate] / [Dividend] Technical 
Annex [(including the relevant Sub-Annex)]2 and [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental 
Listing Particulars], [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] shall 
prevail."]3 
The terms of the Notes and additional provisions relating to their issue are as follows: 
1. 
Issuer: 
[Iris SPV plc] [Other Specified Issuer] 
2. 
Legal Entity Identifiers: 
[635400CHNYVZ28WPUJ44]                                  
[●] 
3. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible.) 
 
4. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
[(ii) 
Net proceeds: 
[●] (Required only for listed issues)] 
7. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]4 
[[●] (the "Minimum Specified Denomination") 
and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to 
 
2  
Delete if the Equity Technical Annex does not apply. 
3  
Delete if none of the Equity Technical Annex, the Fund Technical Annex, the Commodities Technical Annex, the 
Inflation Technical Annex, the Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex the Reference Rate Technical Annex or the 
Dividend Technical Annex is applicable to the Notes. 
4  
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA having a maturity 
of less than one year must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 407 ---
394 
and including [insert maximum denomination]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination 
above 
[insert 
maximum 
denomination]. 
 
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a 
temporary Global Note or permanent Global Note 
and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the 
Notes will be tradable only in the Minimum 
Specified Denomination and higher integral 
multiples of [●], notwithstanding that no definitive 
notes will be issued with a denomination above 
[insert maximum denomination].] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes only) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the relevant month 
and year] 
[In respect of Fund Linked Notes: [Insert the date], 
subject to postponement upon the occurrence of a 
Maturity Disruption Event, as provided in the Fund 
Technical Annex.] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: [Insert the 
scheduled maturity date] (such date being the 
Scheduled Maturity Date), subject to the provisions 
of the Credit Technical Annex.] 
10. 
Type of Structured Notes: 
[Equity Linked Notes ([Share and Depositary 
Receipt] / [ETF] / [Index] / [SGI Index] Sub- 
Annex)] / [Fund Linked Notes] / [Credit Linked 
Notes] / [Commodity Linked Notes] / [Inflation 
Linked Notes] / [Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Notes] / [Reference Rate Linked Notes] / 
[Dividend Linked Notes] / [other] (specify) 
 
 
[The provisions of the following Technical Annex 
shall apply: [Equity ([Share and Depositary 
Receipt] / [ETF] / [Index] / [SGI Index] Sub- 
Annex)] / [Fund] / [Credit] / [Commodities] / 
[Inflation] / [Foreign Exchange Rate] / [Reference 
Rate] / [Dividend] Technical Annex] 
[Specify if Holding Limit Event is not applicable] 
[if Share Linked Notes and ESG Downgrading 
Event is applicable: 
Share  ESG 
Rating 
Agency  
ESG 
Metric 
Name  
Minimum 
ESG Metric 
Level  
ESG 
Criteria  
X  
   
   
   
A &C  
Y

--- Page 408 ---
395 
ESG Downgrading Event is applicable: 
ESG Determination Agent: [Specify the relevant 
ESG Determination Agent]] 
11. 
Underlying(s): 
[Share] /[ADR] / [GDR] / [Index] / [SGI Index] / 
[Fund] / [ETF] / [Reference Entity(ies)] / 
[Commodity] / [Commodity Index] / [Inflation 
Index] / [Reference Rate] / [Foreign Exchange 
Rate] / [Dividend] 
[In case of SGI Linked Notes, if Advised SGI Index 
is applicable, need to specify.] 
12. 
Interest: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable: 
See 
section 
"PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) APPLICABLE" below] 
13. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
 
 
[[Credit] Linked. Redemption at Final Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject 
as otherwise provided in this Offering Circular 
Supplement and to the provisions of Part 2 of the 
Credit Technical Annex.] 
[See section "PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
REDEMPTION" below] 
14. 
[Put/Call Options: 
[Put] 
 
 
[Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)]] 
15. 
Status of the Notes: 
Secured and limited recourse obligations 
16. 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Global 
Exchange 
Market 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin/Other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading). 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
17. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
18. 
Rating: 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:

--- Page 409 ---
396 
[S&P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[Fitch: [  ]] 
[[Other]: [  ]] 
[and endorsed by [insert details][Insert this 
wording where one or more credit ratings has been 
endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency 
for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the CRA 
Regulation] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, the rating.) 
 
 
(Insert one or more of the following options, as 
applicable:) 
 
 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and [has]/[have 
each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011, although the result of such 
application has not yet been determined.] 
 
 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011.] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] not 
established in the European Union and [has]/[have] 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No. 513/2011.] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
19. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 19) 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: Applicable as 
per Condition 6(b) of the General Terms and 
Conditions subject to the provisions of the 
paragraph 32 "[Credit] Linked Notes Provisions" 
and the Credit Technical Annex.] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/ monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 410 ---
397 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: [[Insert the day 
and the month] in each year from and including 
[Insert the date] to and including the Scheduled 
Maturity Date] 
[NB: In the case of long or short coupons, insert the relevant Specified Period(s)] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[●] per cent. per Specified Denomination 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Not Applicable" in paragraph 32 
"Credit Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes 
are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes: 
Rate of Interest x [Nominal Amount] [If "Accrual 
of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed 
Coupon" in paragraph [32] "Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions": Specified Denomination] [x Day 
Count Fraction]]  
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Not Applicable" in paragraph [32] 
"Credit Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes 
are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
Rate of Interest x [Relevant Proportion of the 
Interest Calculation Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed 
Coupon" in paragraph [32] "Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions": Specified Denomination] [x Day 
Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Applicable" in paragraph [32] "Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes are Single 
Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes: 
The aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect 
of each Interest Period, each Observed Interest 
being equal to: Rate of Interest x [Nominal 
Amount] [If "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in paragraph 32 
"Credit Linked Notes Provisions" Specified 
Denomination] [x Day Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Applicable" in the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes are Basket 
Notes or Tranche Notes: The aggregate of the 
Observed Interest in respect of each Interest Period, 
each Observed Interest being equal to: Rate of 
Interest x [Relevant Proportion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount] [If "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in 
paragraph 32 "Credit Linked Notes Provisions" 
Specified Denomination] [x Day Count Fraction]]

--- Page 411 ---
398 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 6(a) 
(Definitions)): 
[●] 
 
 
(Day count fraction should be Actual/Actual-ICMA 
for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless the client 
requests otherwise) 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period: 
[Insert the Interest Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[In respect of Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes: Not 
Applicable] 
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes, insert one 
of the following business day convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]] 
[Or: [Following Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[(adjusted/unadjusted)] 
 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the determination date(s)] 
[in each year]] 
 
[NB: Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring the Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[NB: In the case of regular Interest Payment Dates which are not of equal duration, indicate each of the 
applicable Determination Date] 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
20. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: Applicable as 
per Condition 6(c) of the General Terms and 
Conditions, subject to the provisions of the 
paragraph 32 "[Credit] Linked Notes Provisions" 
and the Credit Technical Annex.] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 20. Also consider 
whether EURO BBA LIBOR or EURIBOR is the 
appropriate reference rate for Notes denominated 
in euro) 
 
(i) 
Floating Coupon Amount: 
[Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] 
Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Noteholders, for each Note, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows:]

--- Page 412 ---
399 
[Specified Denomination x [Max((insert the 
relevant percentage);] [Min((insert the relevant 
percentage);] [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage][))][x Day Count Fraction]]  
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Not Applicable" in paragraph 32 
"Credit Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes 
are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes: 
[Nominal Amount] [If "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in 
paragraph 32 "Credit Linked Notes Provisions" 
[Specified Denomination x [Max((insert the 
relevant percentage);] [Min((insert the relevant 
percentage);] [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage][))][x Day Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Not Applicable" in paragraph 32 
"Credit Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes 
are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
[Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount] [If "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in paragraph 32 
"Credit Linked Notes Provisions": [Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Min((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage][))][x Day Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Applicable" in paragraph 32 "Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes are Single 
Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes: The 
aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect of 
each Interest Period, each Observed Interest being 
equal to: [Nominal Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed 
Coupon" in paragraph 32 "Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions": 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Min((insert the relevant percentage);] [Reference 
Rate] [x insert the relevant leverage factor] [+/- 
insert the relevant percentage][))][x Day Count 
Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if "Observed 
Interest" is "Applicable" in paragraph [32] "Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions" and the Notes are Basket 
Notes or Tranche Notes: 
The aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect 
of each Interest Period, each Observed Interest 
being equal to: [Relevant Proportion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount] [If "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in

--- Page 413 ---
400 
paragraph [32] "Credit Linked Notes Provisions" 
[Specified Denomination x [Max((insert the 
relevant percentage);] [Min((insert the relevant 
percentage);] [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage][))][x Day Count Fraction]] 
[Or the following formula, which may be adapted 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes: 
[Specified Denomination x [Max((Floor(i));] 
[Min((Cap(i);] [Reference Rate] [x Leverage 
Factor(i)] [+/- Spread(i)][))][x Day Count Fraction] 
Where: 
[Cap(i)] [Floor(i)] [Leverage Factor(i)] [Spread(i)] 
means [insert the relevant percentage] on the 
[insert the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][In respect of Credit Linked Notes: [Insert the 
day and the month] in each year from and including 
[Insert the date] to and including the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.] [Insert the Interest Period(s) if 
need be] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ Other (give details)] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 28(a) (Definitions)): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the business centre(s)] 
 
(v) 
Method of determination of the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount: 
[ISDA Determination] [Standard Screen Rate 
Determination] [Compounded RFR Screen Rate 
Determination] [Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination] ][RFR Compounding Method - 
[Compounding with Lookback] [Compounding 
with Observation Shift] [Compounding with 
Lockout][OIS Compounding]] [RFR Averaging 
Method - [Averaging with Lookback][Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Shift] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout][Overnight Averaging] ] 
 
[If ISDA Determination is applicable as per Condition 6(c)(iv)(A) of the General Terms and Conditions:  
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Insert the floating rate option] [If the Rate of 
Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period (as per Condition 
6(c)(iv)(A)), insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[Insert the designated maturity] 
 
Reset Date: 
[Insert the reset date]

--- Page 414 ---
401 
 
[If Standard Screen Rate Determination is applicable as per Condition 6(c)(iv)(B) of the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
 
Reference Rate: 
[Insert the reference rate] [If the Rate of Interest is 
determined by linear interpolation in respect of an 
interest period (as per Condition6(c)(iv)(B)), insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert the interest determination date(s)]  
 
Specified Time: 
[Insert the specified time]  
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Insert the relevant screen page]] 
 
[If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable as per Condition 6(c)(iv)(C) of the General Terms and Conditions: 
 
Reference Rate: 
[Insert the reference rate] 
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[Insert the underlying benchmark]  
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Insert the date(s)]] 
 
Specified Time: 
[Insert the specified time] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Insert the relevant screen page]] 
 
Tenor:  
[specify] 
 
[RFR Compounding Method] [RFR 
Averaging Method]: 
[Compounding with Lookback] [Compounding 
with Observation Shift] [Compounding with 
Lockout] [OIS Compounding]  
[Averaging with Lookback] [Averaging with 
Observation Shift] [Averaging with Lockout] 
[Overnight Averaging] 
 
[[If RFR Compounding Method - [Compounding with Lookback] [Compounding with Observation 
Shift] [Compounding with Lockout][OIS Compounding] or if RFR Averaging Method - [Averaging with 
Lookback][Averaging with Observation Shift] [Averaging with Lockout][Overnight Averaging] applies 
as per Condition 6(c)(iv)(D) of the General Terms and Conditions]:  
 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[specify] 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[specify] 
 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[if applicable:  
 
Daily Capped Rate:  
[specify the Daily Capped Rate]] 
 
Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 415 ---
402 
 
[if applicable:  
 
Daily Floored Rate:  
[specify the Daily Floored Rate]] 
 
[if Compounding with Lookback or Averaging with Lookback applies]:  
 
[Lookback "r":] 
[specify if different from 5]] 
 
[if Compounding with Observation Shift or Averaging with Observation Shift applies]:  
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Day:] 
[specify financial center(s) or if none specified it 
shall be deemed that no Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day applies] 
 
[Observation Shift:] 
[specify if different from 5]] 
 
Set-In-Advance Observation: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
First Set-In-Advance Observation 
Period: 
[From and including [ ] to but excluding [ ]] (Both 
dates must be an Observation Period Shift Business 
Day)]] 
 
[if Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout applies]:  
 
[Lockout Period Business Day:] 
[Specify financial centre] [Applicable Business 
Day] 
 
["t":] 
[specify if different from 5]] 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s)/Spread(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the percentage]% [Plus 
(+)] [Minus (-)] [Insert the percentage]% per 
annum] [If any, see formula in paragraph 20(i) 
"Floating Coupon Amount" above] 
 
(vii) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Leverage Factor] [If any, 
see formula in paragraph 20(i) "Floating Coupon 
Amount:" above] 
 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the percentage] [If any, 
see formula in paragraph 20(i) "Floating Coupon 
Amount:" above] 
 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the percentage] [If any, 
see formula in paragraph 20(i) "Floating Coupon 
Amount:" above] 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 6(a) 
(Definitions)): 
[Not Applicable] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360 
convention] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[360/360 convention] [Bond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(xi) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the rate multiplier]

--- Page 416 ---
403 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]:  
 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] [Reference Rate EURIBOR] [Reference Rate 
EUR-CMS] 
[Reference 
Rate 
SOFR-CMS] 
[Reference Rate SHIBOR] 
 
 
[NB: Benchmark for the purposes of Condition 6(i) of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Insert the floating rate option] 
 
Designated Maturity:  
[insert the designated maturity] 
 
Upper Limit:  
[insert the upper limit] 
 
Lower Limit:  
[insert the lower limit] 
21. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 21) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 7(b) 
(Early Redemption)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 6(a) 
(Definitions)): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
[●] 
22. 
Structured Note Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: Applicable as 
per Condition 6 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, subject to the provisions of paragraph 
32 "Credit Linked Notes Provisions" and the Credit 
Technical Annex.] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Formula: 
[Give or annex details] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the interest due: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining Structured 
Interest Amount where calculation by 
reference to Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[●] (Need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions.) 
 
(iv) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Insert the interest payment date(s)][Insert the 
Interest Period(s) if need be]

--- Page 417 ---
404 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ other (give details)] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 28(a) (Definitions)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 6(a) 
(Definitions)): 
[means in respect of the calculation of an Interest 
Amount for any Interest Period:][Not Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360 convention] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [360/360 
convention] [Bond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(viii) 
Other terms 
[Please specify] 
23. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 23) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/Method of calculating 
Rate of Exchange: 
[Give or annex details] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest 
due: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions applicable where calculation 
by reference to Rate of Exchange 
impossible or impracticable: 
[●] (Need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions.) 
 
(iv) 
Person at 
whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 6(a) 
(Definitions)): 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION SECURITY 
24. 
Mortgaged Property 
 
 
(i) 
Collateral Securities 
[Give brief description of assets being secured: 
(N.B. If Notes are to be listed and the Collateral 
Securities are also listed, state type, pool size, legal 
jurisdiction, amount of Collateral Securities, 
method and date of origination and of acquisition 
by Issuer, name and address of originator, country 
of incorporation, nature of business, exchange on 
which Collateral Securities are listed, maturity, 
any guarantor). 
 
 
(N.B. If Notes are to be listed and the Collateral 
Securities are not listed or guaranteed by a listed 
entity, attach full terms and conditions of 
Collateral 
Securities 
to 
Offering 
Circular 
Supplement; additional information may also be

--- Page 418 ---
405 
required and the stock exchange should be 
consulted at an early stage.)] 
 
(ii) 
Collateral Security (order of priorities): 
The Trustee shall apply all moneys received by it 
under the Trust Deed in connection with the 
realisation or enforcement of the Transaction 
Security constituted by the Trust Deed in the 
following order of priorities: 
 
 
[Beneficiary Claim/Counterparty Claim/Custodian 
Claim/Issuing and Paying Agent Claim/Holder 
Claim/Swap 
Counterparty 
Claim/Pari 
Passu 
Ranking/Other] 
 
(iii) 
Contract (if applicable): 
[Give date, termination date and nature of 
agreement and any other relevant details] 
 
(iv) 
Beneficiary (ies): 
[Give name and address(es) of institutions] 
 
(v) 
Collateral Securities Agreement: 
[Give date, termination date and nature of 
agreement and any other relevant details] 
 
(vi) 
Counterparties: 
[Give name and address of institution] 
 
(vii) 
Deposit Agreement: 
[Give date and nature of agreement and any other 
relevant details] 
 
(viii) 
Deposit Bank(s): 
[Give name and address of institution(s)] 
 
(ix) 
Other Agreement: 
[Give date and nature of agreement and any other 
relevant details] 
 
(x) 
Other Party(ies): 
[Give name and address of institution(s)] 
 
(xi) 
Swap (if applicable): 
[Under an ISDA Master Agreement dated [●] and 
a confirmation thereto with an effective date of the 
Issue Date including any applicable guarantee, 
made 
between 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty, the Issuer will pay to the Swap 
Counterparty [[an amount equal to the net 
subscription moneys for the Notes payable to the 
Issuer] and sums equal to [interest and principal 
payable] in respect of the Collateral Securities and 
the Swap Counterparty will pay to the Issuer [an 
amount equal to the net sum payable by the Issuer 
for the purchase of the Collateral Securities and 
sums equal to the interest payable to the 
Noteholders under the Notes and the Final 
Redemption Amount ] [set out other/additional 
payment provisions]. Except as stated below, the 
Swap will terminate on the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[The Swap may be terminated early, (either in 
whole or, in certain circumstances, in part only) 
among other circumstances: 
 
 
(i) 
on the due date for payment of the Notes if 
at any time any of the Notes becomes 
repayable 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions prior to the Maturity Date/on

--- Page 419 ---
406 
the date on which a date is set for 
redemption of the Notes if a date is set for 
redemption in accordance with the 
Conditions prior to the Maturity Date; 
 
 
(ii) 
at the option of one party, if there is a 
failure by the other party to pay any 
amounts due under the Swap; 
 
 
(iii) 
if (subject as provided in the Swap) 
withholding 
taxes 
are 
imposed 
on 
payments made by the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap or it 
becomes illegal for either party to perform 
its obligations under the Swap (see 
"Transfer to avoid Termination Event" 
below); 
 
 
(iv) 
upon the occurrence of certain other 
events with respect to either party to the 
Swap, including insolvency.] 
 
 
Consequences of Early Termination 
 
 
Upon any such early termination of the Swap, the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty may (subject as set 
out below and provided, in the case of certain tax 
events, that the Issuer may first be obliged to use 
all 
reasonable 
endeavours 
to 
transfer 
its 
obligations) be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other (regardless, if applicable, of 
which of such parties may have caused such 
termination). In circumstances where some or all of 
the Notes are required by a Noteholder to be 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders and 
Exercise of Noteholders' Option), no termination 
payment will be due by either party to the other in 
respect of the termination, in whole or in part, as 
the case may be, of the Swap. 
 
 
Such termination payment will [(other than 
[describe any circumstances where termination 
payments not calculated in accordance with ISDA 
or where a termination payment is not payable (e.g. 
in the case of Notes, on exercise of the put option 
pursuant to Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' 
Option) as to which, see wording in square 
brackets at end of previous paragraph))] be based 
on the replacement cost or gain for a swap 
transaction that would have the effect of preserving 
for the party making the determination the 
economic equivalent of the Swap. In all cases of 
early termination occurring other than by reason of 
a default by the Swap Counterparty (in which case 
the determination will be made by the Issuer) or 
illegality (in which case the party which is not the 
Affected Party (as defined in the Swap) will make 
the determination (or, if there are two Affected

--- Page 420 ---
407 
Parties, each party will make a determination 
which will be averaged)), the termination payment 
will be determined by the Swap Counterparty on 
the basis of quotations received from at least three 
market-makers (failing which, by the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer, as aforesaid, based 
upon Loss (as defined in the Swap)). 
 
 
Regardless of which party makes the determination 
of the termination payment (if any), there is no 
assurance that the proceeds from the sale of the 
Collateral Securities plus or minus, as the case may 
be, such termination payment will be sufficient to 
repay the principal amount due to be paid in respect 
of the Notes and any other amounts in respect 
thereof that are due.] 
 
 
[Insert summary of further termination provisions] 
 
(xii) 
Swap Counterparty(ies): 
[Give name(s) and address(es) of institutions] 
 
(xiii) 
Swap Guarantor (if applicable): 
[Give name and address of institution] 
 
(xiv) 
Details of Credit Support Document (if 
applicable): 
[Give details and/or date and nature of agreement 
and any other relevant items] 
 
(xv) 
Credit Support Provider: 
[Give name(s) and address(es) of institutions] 
25. 
Realisation of Transaction Security: 
[Holder 
Request/Extraordinary 
Resolution 
Direction/Creditor Direction] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
26. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Notes: 
Subject to the provision of notice in accordance 
with subparagraph 26(vi), the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, on [specify the 
date(s) or the type of date(s)] [from but excluding 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date].] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 26) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[●]

--- Page 421 ---
408 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Description of any other Issuer's option: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Notice Period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[●] 
27. 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder` 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 27) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s); 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Description of any other Noteholders' 
option: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice Period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[●] 
28. 
Exchangeable Notes: 
[Yes/No] (See Condition 7(i) (Exchange of Notes)) 
29. 
Exchange Event: 
[●] 
30. 
Repayable Assets: 
[All 
Collateral 
Securities/Defaulting 
and/or 
repayable Collateral Securities only] 
31. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes on the Maturity Date, in 
accordance with the following provisions in 
respect of each Note:] 
 
 
[Nominal amount]/[Insert formula] 
 
 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed at paragraph 7 above to have a minimum 
denomination and tradable amounts above such 
minimum denomination which are smaller than it 
the following wording should be added: "For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of a holding of 
Notes in an integral multiple of [●] in excess of [●] 
as envisaged in paragraph 7 above, such holding 
will be redeemed at its nominal amount.".) 
32. 
Credit Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, subject to the 
provisions of the Credit Technical Annex.] [The

--- Page 422 ---
409 
provisions of the "Additional Provisions related to 
CDS Spread" in Part 3 shall apply.] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remainder of this 
subparagraph 32) 
 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
[Single Name Notes] [First-to-Default Notes] 
[Basket Notes] [Tranche Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Terms relating to Settlement: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement] [European Settlement] 
 
 
(b) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement, pursuant to Part 2, paragraph 
1(b) of the Credit Technical Annex] [Or but ONLY 
for Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes 
and the Settlement Type is American Settlement: 
Physical Settlement, pursuant to Part 2, paragraph 
1(a) of the Credit Technical Annex] 
 
 
(c) 
Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage]per cent.] 
[If Floating Recovery with Auction Method 
applies: the Final Value is to be determined 
pursuant to a Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and if a Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Determination Date, 
that provides for the valuation of obligations of a 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
has occurred, subject to the occurrence of a 
Fallback Settlement Event, means the Auction 
Final Price (as specified in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and expressed as a 
percentage) determined, if any, under such 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and 
applicable to the seniority of the Reference 
Obligation or if a Fallback Settlement Event occurs 
or no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Determination Date, 
means the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Credit Valuation Date as follows:  
(x) the Final Price if there is only one Selected 
Obligation; or  
(y) the weighted average of the Final Prices of the 
Selected Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for 
such Selected Obligation(s).] 
[Floating Recovery with Quotation Dealers 
Method: Final Value means the amount determined

--- Page 423 ---
410 
by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation 
Date as follows:  
(x) the Final Price if there is only one Selected 
Obligation; or  
(y) the weighted average of the Final Prices of the 
Selected Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, in 
each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for 
such Selected Obligation(s). 
[If Physical Settlement: Not Applicable] 
 
 
(d) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [Standard Unwind Costs 
Standard Unwind Costs means in respect of each 
Note, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses 
(including break funding charges and loss of 
funding, which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
represents the loss of future interest amounts to be 
received under the funding arrangement(s) entered 
into in relation to the Notes), tax and duties 
incurred directly or indirectly by Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates in relation to the occurrence 
of a Credit Event Determination Date and the 
related partial or total termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any Hedge Position, such amount 
to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding 
Notes.] [Not Applicable: the Unwind Costs in 
respect of each Note will be equal to zero.] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions relating to Basket Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Relevant Proportion: 
As per Part 1 of the Credit Technical Annex. 
 
 
(b) 
Aggregate Loss Amount: 
[If the Notes are Basket Notes which are not 
Tranche Notes: As per Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex, means at any time for a Basket 
Note that is not a Tranche Note, the aggregate of 
the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference 
Entities in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred.] [If the Notes are 
Tranche Notes: As per Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex, means at any time for a Tranche 
Note, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional 
Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the 
difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss 
Amount for all Reference Entities in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination 
Amount.] 
 
 
(c) 
Loss Amount: 
[In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes if 
the paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Not 
Applicable": In relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination

--- Page 424 ---
411 
Date has occurred, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
and 
(ii) 
the difference between the Reference 
Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of 
zero.] 
 
 
(d) 
Reference Entity Notional  
 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the amount 
equal to the product of the Reference Entity 
Weighting and the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount] 
 
 
(e) 
Tranche Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remainder of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
 
(1) 
Tranche  
 
 
Subordination  
 
 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [The Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount multiplied by the Attachment 
Point] 
 
 
 
(2) 
Tranche  
 
 
Notional  
 
 
 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [The Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
 
 
 
(3)  
N-to-M-to-Default: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[N = [number corresponding to the Ranking 
starting at which the Aggregate Loss Amount will 
be an amount greater than zero]  
 
 
M = [number corresponding to the Ranking above 
which the Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to 
increase] 
 
 
P= [number of Reference Entities within the 
Reference Portfolio]] 
 
 
 
(4) 
Attachment Point: 
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes if the paragraph 
"N-to-M-to-Default" 
is 
specified 
as 
"Not 
Applicable": [Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of 
the Credit Technical Annex]%] [if the paragraph 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is specified as "Applicable": 
[(N-1)/P]%] 
 
 
 
(5) 
Detachment Point: 
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes with N-to-M-to-
Default is Not Applicable: [Specify for the 
purposes of Part 1 of the Credit Technical 
Annex]%]] [If N-to-M-to-Default is specified as 
Applicable: [M/P]%] 
 
 
(f) 
Reference Portfolio  
 
 
Notional Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [If the Notes are Tranche Notes: 
An amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal

--- Page 425 ---
412 
Amount divided by the difference between the 
Detachment Point and the Attachment Point] [If the 
Notes are Basket Notes: An amount equal to the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
 
(g) 
Reference Price: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [[Insert the percentage]%] 
[For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the percentage specified as 
such in "Credit Technical Annex" hereto or, if not 
specified, 100%.] 
 
 
(h) 
Reference Entity   
 
Weighting: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [For Each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the 
proportion specified as such in "Credit Technical 
Annex" hereto which will be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of the Credit 
Technical Annex] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Recovery: 
[Fixed Interest Recovery with an Interest Recovery 
Rate of [Insert the percentage] %] [Floating 
Interest Recovery]] [Not relevant. The Notes do not 
bear interest.] [Not relevant. The sub-paragraph 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified 
as being "Guaranteed Coupon"] 
 
(iv) 
Transaction Type: 
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in "Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes" hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified 
in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" hereto] 
 
(v) 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
 
Obligation(s): 
[[If Cash Settlement and Fixed Recovery: Not 
Applicable] [Applicable]] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remainder of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
 Obligation Category: 
[For 
Single 
Name 
Notes: 
The 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation 
Category 
specified in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" 
hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Category 
specified in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" 
hereto] 
 
 
(b) 
[Deliverable/Selected]  
 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[For 
Single 
Name 
Notes: 
The 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
specified in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" 
hereto]

--- Page 426 ---
413 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
specified in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" 
hereto] 
 
(vi) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event: 
[In respect of [Fixed Rate Note Provisions:] 
[Floating Rate Note Provisions:] [Structured 
Interest Note Provisions:]] [No Accrued Interest 
upon Credit Event] [Accrued Interest upon Credit 
Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] [If no coupon: Not 
relevant. The Notes do not bear interest.] 
NB: Guaranteed Coupon only where "Settlement 
Type" is "European Settlement" 
 
(vii) 
Observed Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Part 2, 
paragraph (c) of the Credit Technical Annex] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remainder of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Interest Observation Dates: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex]] 
 
(viii) 
First Credit Event Occurrence Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex]] 
 
(ix) 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence 
Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [The 4th Business Day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date.] 
 
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in "Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes" hereto (or any Successor 
thereto)] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: The Reference Entities comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio as described in "Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes" hereto (or any Successor 
thereto)] 
 
[so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to 
ascertain from information published by the 
Reference Entity:  
Information required under item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 
to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2019/980 to be provided] 
 
(xi) 
Multiple Successor(s): 
[For Single Name Notes: [Not Applicable] 
[Applicable (i.e. Paragraph 5 of Part 2 (Multiple 
Successors) of the Credit Technical Annex applies 
to the Notes to deal with the split, if any, of the 
Reference Entity into several resulting entities).]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: Not relevant. The provisions of 
Paragraph 5 of Part 2 (Multiple Successors) of the 
Credit Technical Annex do not apply. For the 
avoidance of doubt, splits into several resulting 
entities are dealt with in the definition of Successor

--- Page 427 ---
414 
as per [Condition 2 of the Credit Technical 
Annex].] 
 
(xii) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[CUSIP/ISIN: [Insert the identification number] 
[None]] 
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in "Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes" hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Reference Obligation(s) specified in "Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes" hereto]  
[(or any obligation replacing such original 
Reference Obligation as per the Credit Technical 
Annex).] 
 
(xiii) 
Credit Events: 
[For Single Name Notes: The Credit Event(s) 
specified in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" 
hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Credit 
Event(s) specified in "Annex for Credit Linked 
Notes" hereto] 
 
(xiv) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in "Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes" hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified 
in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" hereto] 
 
(xv) 
Obligation(s): 
 
 
 
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[For Single Name Notes: The Obligation Category 
specified in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" 
hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Obligation Category specified in "Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes" hereto] 
 
 
(b) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[For Single Name Notes: The Obligation 
Characteristics specified in "Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes" hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Obligation Characteristics specified in "Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes" hereto]

--- Page 428 ---
415 
 
(xvi) 
All Guarantees: 
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in "Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes" hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified 
in "Annex for Credit Linked Notes" hereto] 
 
(xvii) 
Additional provisions relating to certain 
specific References Entities: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, if relevant, as per 
Paragraph 9 of Part 2 of the Credit Technical 
Annex] 
 
(xviii) Business Days (for the purposes of the 
Credit Technical Annex): 
[Specify for the purposes of Part 1 of the Credit 
Technical Annex] [The Business Days specified in 
"Annex for Credit Linked Notes" hereto] 
 
(xix) 
Reference 
Entities 
Switch 
and/or 
Maturity Extension at the option of the 
Issuer: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Paragraph 12 
of Part 2 of the Credit Technical Annex]. 
The Reference Portfolio as described in "Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes" hereto constitutes the 
components of the [specify the Initial Index Name] 
Series [i] Version [j], as published by Markit on 
[specify the Website link]. 
By no later than [specify the date], the Issuer will 
have the right but not the obligation to apply 
Reference 
Entities 
Switch 
[and 
Maturity 
Extension]. 
Amended Reference Portfolio: components of the 
[specify the Initial Index Name] Series [i]+1, 
Version 1, to be published by Markit on [specify 
the Website link]. 
 
If (xix) Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph 
[Maturity 
Extension: 
Amended 
[Scheduled] 
Maturity Date: [specify the Amended [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date]).] ] 
 
 
Notice Period 
[Insert the number of days] days prior to the 
effective date of the Reference Entities Switch [and 
Maturity Extension] 
 
(xx) 
Other applicable options as per the Credit 
Technical Annex: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Specify the source of Publicly Available 
Information which must be used when the Public 
Source is different from the sources specified in the 
Credit Technical Annex] [Specify the Specified 
Number if such number is different from the 
Specified Number anticipated in the Credit 
Technical Annex] 
[If "Physical Settlement" applies: Specify if Include 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest 
applies] 
[If "Cash Settlement" applies and one of the 
following options applies to the Notes; Specify if 
[Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued

--- Page 429 ---
416 
Interest] 
or 
[Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation Accrued Interest] applies] 
[Specify the [Excluded Obligation], [Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation] 
[Excluded 
Selected 
Obligation] if different from the provisions of the 
Credit Technical Annex] 
[Specify if Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is applicable] 
[Specify if Substitution Event Early Redemption is 
not applicable] 
[Specify Trigger Percentage applicable to a 
Reference Entity if applicable] 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: Specify Interest 
Credit Factor if different from 100%] 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: Specify Interest 
Loss Factor if different from 100%] 
[Specify Principal Credit Factor if different from 
100%] 
[Specify Principal Loss Factor if different from 
100%] 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: Specify if 
Preliminary Cash Redemption is applicable] 
[Only if Part 3 "Additional Provisions related to 
CDS Spread" applies: 
[Specify the External Provider Time if different 
from 15.00 London time] 
[Specify the Quotation Deadline Time if different 
from 17.00 London time] 
[Specify the Quotation Method if different from 
Offer] 
[Specify the Reference CDS Currency if different 
from that specified in the Credit Technical Annex] 
[Specify the Reference CDS Maturity if different 
from 5-year] 
[Specify if Switch Option is not applicable]] 
33. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
mandatory redemption (Condition 7(c) 
(Mandatory Redemption)), redemption of 
Notes for taxation (Condition 7(d)(ii) 
(Withholding and Redemption of Notes 
[Market Value] / [●]

--- Page 430 ---
417 
for Taxation Reasons)) or an event of 
default (Condition 11 (Event of Default)) 
and/or the method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that set out 
in the Conditions): 
 
(ii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (Bearer Notes 
only) 
(Condition 9(e) 
(Unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged 
Talons)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Technical Annex Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify details if different from Conditions)]7 
 
(iv) 
Collateral Securities Repayment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Collateral Securities Default Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Collateral Securities Restructuring Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Agreement Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, please specify:) 
 
[Additional Regulatory Event(s): 
[•]] 
 
Regulatory Event Counterparty: 
[Swap Counterparty/other] 
 
7 
Delete if the Notes are not Equity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes or Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes].

--- Page 431 ---
418 
 
(ix) 
EU Benchmark Regulation – Benchmark: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, please specify:) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the relevant Benchmark 
which is provided by the relevant Administrator, as 
specified in the table below. 
 
As at the date hereof, the relevant Administrator 
appears/ does not appear, as the case may be, on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the EU Benchmark 
Regulation), as specified in the table below. 
 
If “Does not appear and exempted” is specified in 
the table below, it means that the relevant 
Administrator does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation. 
 
If “Does not appear and non-exempted” is 
specified in the table below, it means that, as far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that the relevant Administrator is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.] 
 
 
[For the following table, add as many lines as necessary] 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
[Insert the name of Benchmark] 
[Insert the name of 
Administrator] 
[Appears] 
[Does not appear and exempted] 
[Does not appear and non-
exempted] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
34. 
Form of Notes: 
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes/Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
[Temporary or permanent Global Bearer 
Note/Registered Note: 
[Permanent Global Bearer Note/ Registered Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes/ Registered 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Bearer Note/ Registered Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bearer Note/ Registered Note 
exchangeable for a permanent Global Bearer Note/ 
Registered Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes/ Registered Notes in the limited

--- Page 432 ---
419 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Bearer Note/Registered Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bearer Note/ Registered Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes/Registered 
Notes on [●] days' notice] 
 
 
[insert alternative provisions] 
 
(ii) 
Global Registered Note: 
[Global Registered Note (€[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream /a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream]] 
 
(iii) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
NSS Global Registered Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
have 
been 
met.][include this text if "yes" selected in which 
case the Notes must be issued in NGN form or in 
NSSGRN form]] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Offering Circular Supplement, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.][include this text 
if Notes are in NGN form or in NSSGRN form and 
"no" selected]

--- Page 433 ---
420 
35. 
[(i)] Additional Financial Centre(s) for Payment 
Business Day (Condition 28(a) (Definitions)) or 
other special provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [Insert the financial centre(s). 
Note that this item relates to the place of payment, 
and not interest period end dates, to which item 
20(iv) relates]  
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes with Physical 
Settlement: [Insert the financial centre(s)] and 
solely for the purposes of physical settlement, if 
applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which 
a bank must be open in order to effect settlement of 
any Deliverable Obligations being Delivered.] 
 
[Insert if not defined in item 20(iv) or 22(vi):   
(ii) Additional Business Centre(s) for Business 
Day (Condition 28(a) (Definitions)):] 
 
[Not Applicable] / [Insert the business centre(s)] 
36. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
37. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, including 
any right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
38. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
39. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions annexed to this 
Offering Circular Supplement apply] 
40. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 15(a)] [annexed to this Offering Circular 
Supplement] apply] 
41. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
DISTRIBUTION 
42. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments]] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on

--- Page 434 ---
421 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
43. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]] 
44. 
Total commission and concession: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
45. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[If Notes are linked to an Advised SGI Index AND the Issuer elects NOT to apply IRS U.S. Person definition, 
insert the following paragraph: 
46. 
Regulation S U.S. Person:  
Applicable] 
[If Notes are not linked to an Advised SGI Index AND the Issuer elects to also apply IRS U.S. Person definition, 
insert the following paragraph: 
47. 
Regulation S U.S. Person AND IRS U.S. 
Person:  
Applicable] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
48. 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
49. 
Common Code: 
[●] 
50. 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
51. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
52. 
The Agents appointed in respect of the Notes are: 
[●] 
53. 
Arranger: 
Societe Generale 
GENERAL 
54. 
[The aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued 
has been translated into euro at the rate of [ ], 
producing a sum of (for Notes not denominated in 
euro): 
[Not Applicable/[euro] [●]]] 
 
55. 
If full terms and conditions are to be used, please add the following here: 
"The full text of the Conditions which apply to the Notes [and which will be endorsed on the Notes in 
definitive form] are set out in [the Annex hereto], which Conditions replace in their entirety those 
appearing in the Offering Circular for the purposes of these Notes and such Conditions will prevail over 
any other provision to the contrary."

--- Page 435 ---
422 
56. 
The first set of bracketed words is to be deleted where there is a permanent Global Note instead of Notes 
in definitive form. The full Conditions should be attached to and form part of the Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
If any change is disclosed in the Offering Circular Supplement, it will require approval by the relevant 
Stock Exchange. Consideration should be given as to whether or not such disclosure should be made by 
means of a supplemental Offering Circular rather than in an Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 436 ---
423 
FORM OF WARRANTS [OFFERING CIRCULAR SUPPLEMENT]/[SUPPLEMENTAL LISTING 
PARTICULARS]5 
Set out below is the form of [Offering Circular Supplement]/[Supplemental Listing Particulars] which will be 
completed for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the Programme. In case of Warrants to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) of Euronext 
Dublin and/or any other stock exchange a Drawdown Prospectus will be required. 
[OFFERING CIRCULAR SUPPLEMENT]/[SUPPLEMENTAL LISTING PARTICULARS] 
 [IRIS SPV PLC] [SPECIFIED ISSUER] 
Series [●] 
[Number of Warrants] [Description of the Warrants] 
issued pursuant to the 
Secured Transaction Programme 
Issue Price: [●] per Warrant 
Publicity Name(s) of Dealer(s) 
The date of [this Offering Circular Supplement]/[these Supplemental Listing Particulars] is [●]. 
[This Offering Circular Supplement is]/[These Supplemental Listing Particulars] under which the Warrants 
described herein (the "Warrants") are issued constitute listing particulars ("Listing Particulars") for the 
purposes of the application for the Warrants to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin and should be read in conjunction with and, incorporates by reference the contents of, the Offering Circular 
dated 12 July 2024 (the "Offering Circular") issued in relation to the Secured Transaction Programme of Iris 
SPV plc. To the extent that the Offering Circular is inconsistent with these Supplemental Listing Particulars, these 
Supplemental Listing Particulars shall prevail. Terms defined in the Offering Circular shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, bear the same meanings in these Supplemental Listing Particulars. 
[This Offering Circular Supplement is]/[These Supplemental Listing Particulars are] not a prospectus prepared in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and has not been approved by a competent authority for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (where "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 2017/1129/EU (as amended)). 
[This Offering Circular Supplement is]/[These Supplemental Listing Particulars] do not constitute, and may not 
be used for the purposes of, an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of anyone to subscribe or purchase any of 
the Warrants. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
the approval of this document as Listing Particulars. Application has been made for the Warrants to be admitted 
to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the "Markets in Financial Instruments Directive" or "MiFID 
II"). 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Warrants and is not itself seeking admission of the Warrants to the Official List or trading on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.] * 
[A copy of this Offering Circular Supplement will be filed with the Irish Companies Registration Office in 
accordance with Regulation 38(1)(b) of the Prospectus (Directive 2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 (as amended).] 
 
5  
Where Warrants are to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, "Offering 
Circular" should be taken to mean "Base Listing Particulars" and "Offering Circular Supplement" should be 
taken to mean "Supplemental Listing Particulars".

--- Page 437 ---
424 
[Except as disclosed in this document, there/There] has been no significant change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each 
case, since [the date of its incorporation on [●]/date of last published accounts].** 
[These statements have been filed with Euronext Dublin and are incorporated by reference herein. Copies of these 
statements will be available for inspection in physical and electronic format during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer for so long as 
the Warrants are outstanding. There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had since its 
incorporation on [●] a significant effect on its financial position or its profitability.] 
[[Subject as set out below, the] [The] Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case), the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
The information contained herein relating to the issuer of the Collateral Securities and each other Obligor (as 
defined in the Conditions) has been accurately extracted from publicly available information the sources of which, 
as the case may be, are stated herein. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accuracy of such extraction but 
accepts no further or other responsibility in respect of such information. So far as the Issuer is aware and/or able 
to ascertain from such publicly available information, no facts have been omitted which could render the 
reproduced information misleading. The Issuer has not been responsible for, nor has it undertaken, any 
investigation or verification of statements, including statements as to foreign law, contained in such information.]* 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") 
under the United States Commodities Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"). No person has registered and no 
person will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the "CEA") and the rules thereunder (the "CFTC Rules") of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an investment 
company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations 
thereunder (the "Investment Company Act"). The Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder 
("Regulation S"). 
In addition, the Warrants may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. Persons") except to the extent permitted under the "foreign-related 
transaction" safe harbor exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective investors should note that, although the definition of 
"U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is very similar to the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S, 
there are substantial differences between the two definitions and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under 
Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  
Accordingly, the Warrants may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "offshore 
transaction" (as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not a U.S. 
person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; (b) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person; and (c) is not a 
person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance 
or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United 
States person" defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the 
exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. 
person) (such a person or account, "Permitted Transferee"). The Warrants described herein are available only 
to Permitted Transferees. 
Interests in the Warrants will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and each purchaser of the Warrants in 
making its purchase is deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements, as set 
out [in paragraph 34 (Additional Selling Restrictions) of the Offering Circular Supplement below and] in the 
Section headed "Subscription and Sale" of the Offering Circular.

--- Page 438 ---
425 
[This document does neither constitute a prospectus or similar communication pursuant to the Swiss 
Financial Services Act, as amended ("FinSA") nor the final terms with respect to the Warrants and has 
not been reviewed or approved by or filed with a review body pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA.   
The Warrants described in [this Offering Circular Supplement]/[these Supplemental Listing Particulars] 
do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). Therefore, the Warrants are not subject to authorisation 
and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA"), and investors 
in the Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA.]*** 
In [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] unless otherwise specified or the 
context otherwise requires, references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are references to the currency of the member 
states of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the treaty on the European Union, references to "£" or "GBP" are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" are references to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America. 
The language of [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] is English. Certain 
legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
[Signed: 
By: [●]] 
[In connection with this issue, [name of Stabilising Manager] (the "Stabilising Manager") or any person acting 
for him may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Warrants at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager (or 
persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager) will undertake such stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
issue of Warrants is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant issue of Warrants and 60 days after the allotment of the relevant issue of 
Warrants. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules.]*** 
Copies of [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] will be available at the 
specified office set out below of the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent (as defined herein). 
Notes: 
* 
Include if Warrants listed on the Global Exchange Market 
** 
If any such change is disclosed in the Offering Circular Supplement, it will require approval by the Stock 
Exchange. Consideration should be given as to whether or not such disclosure should be made by means 
of a supplemental Offering Circular rather than in an Offering Circular Supplement. 
*** 
Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland. 
**** Delete if there is no Stabilising Manager.

--- Page 439 ---
426 
[next page] 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
[to be inserted]

--- Page 440 ---
427 
[next page] 
RISK FACTORS 
[Insert risk factors that are material to the Warrants admitted to trading in order to assess the market risk 
associated with the Warrants]

--- Page 441 ---
428 
[next page] 
[OFFERING CIRCULAR SUPPLEMENT/ SUPPLEMENTAL LISTING PARTICULARS] 
[IMPORTANT – BENCHMARK REGULATION – The Warrants offered on the basis of [this Offering 
Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] may be linked to benchmarks within the meaning of 
(i) the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation" or 
"EU BMR") or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 forming part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK Benchmark Regulation" or "UK BMR"). In 
such case, the Issuer is subject to certain requirements as regards the use of these benchmarks and to related 
information obligations in relation to [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars]. 
These obligations include, amongst other things, obligations regarding the specification as to whether a benchmark 
administrator of the relevant benchmark is registered in accordance with the EU BMR or the UK BMR, as 
applicable.]  
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive” or the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT – MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 19 of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023, 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[IMPORTANT – UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement

--- Page 442 ---
429 
entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Warrants is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
["The provisions of the [Equity ([Share and Depositary Receipt]/[ETF]/[Index]/[SGI Index] Sub- 
Annex)]/[Fund]/[Commodities]/[Inflation]/[Foreign Exchange Rate]/[Reference Rate] [Dividend] Technical 
Annex apply to these Warrants and should be read together with [this Offering Circular Supplement/these 
Supplemental 
Listing 
Particulars]. 
In 
the 
event 
of 
any 
inconsistency 
between 
the 
[Equity]/[Fund]/[Commodities]/[Inflation]/[Foreign Exchange Rate]/[Reference Rate] [Dividend] Technical 
Annex [(including the relevant Sub-Annex)]6 and this [Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental 
Listing Particulars], [this Offering Circular Supplement/these Supplemental Listing Particulars] shall 
prevail."]7 
The terms of the Warrants and additional provisions relating to their issue are as follows: 
1. 
Issuer: 
[Iris SPV plc] [Other Specified Issuer] 
2. 
Legal Entity Identifiers: 
[635400CHNYVZ28WPUJ44]  
[●] 
3. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Warrants 
become fungible.) 
 
4. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
5. 
Aggregate Number of Warrants: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Units: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(if applicable, specify the number of Warrants 
constituting a Unit and any other provisions 
relating to Units) 
 
 
(N.B. This is in addition to any requirements 
relating to "Minimum Exercise Number" or 
"Maximum Exercise Number" as set out below)] 
 
6  
Delete if the Equity Technical Annex does not apply. 
7  
Delete if none of the Equity Technical Annex, the Fund Technical Annex, the Commodities Technical Annex, 
the Inflation Technical Annex, the Foreign Exchange Rate Technical Annex the Reference Rate Technical 
Annex or the Dividend Technical Annex is applicable to the Warrants.

--- Page 443 ---
430 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per Warrant 
 
[(ii) 
Net proceeds: 
[●] (Required only for listed issues)] 
7. 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
8. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
9. 
Expiration Date: 
[●] 
10. 
Settlement Date: 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
11. 
[Exercise Period]/[Specified Exercise Dates]: 
[specify: (i) for American Style Warrants, the 
Exercise Period; or (ii) for Bermudan Style 
Warrants, the Specified Exercise Dates]/[Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Settlement Amount: 
[insert formula] 
 
 
 
13. 
Type of Structured Warrants: 
[Equity Linked Warrants ([Share and Depositary 
Receipt] / [ETF] / [Index] / [SGI Index] Sub-
Annex)] / [Fund Linked Warrants] / [Commodity 
Linked Warrants] / [Inflation Linked Warrants] 
/[Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants] / 
[Reference Rate Linked Warrants] / [Dividend 
Linked Warrants] / [other] (specify) 
[The provisions of the following Technical Annex 
apply: 
[Equity ([Share and Depositary Receipt] / [ETF] / 
[Index] / [SGI Index] Sub- Annex)] / [Fund] / 
[Commodities] / [Inflation] / [Foreign Exchange 
Rate] / [Reference Rate] / [Dividend] Technical 
Annex] 
[Specify if Holding Limit Event is not applicable] 
[if Share Linked Warrants and ESG Downgrading 
Event is applicable: 
Share  ESG 
Rating 
Agency  
ESG 
Metric 
Name  
Minimum 
ESG Metric 
Level  
ESG 
Criteria  
X  
   
   
   
A &C  
Y  
   
   
   
   
 
ESG Downgrading Event is applicable: 
ESG Determination Agent: [Specify the relevant 
ESG Determination Agent]] 
14. 
Underlying(s): 
[Share] / [ADR] / [GDR] / [Index] / [SGI Index] / 
[Fund] / [ETF] / [Commodity] / [Commodity 
Index] / [Inflation Index] / [Reference Rate] / 
[Foreign Exchange Rate] / [Dividend]

--- Page 444 ---
431 
[In case of SGI Linked Warrants, if Advised SGI 
Index is applicable, need to specify.] 
15. 
Change of Settlement/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility 
of Warrants into another settlement/payment basis] 
16. 
Cancellation at the Option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
17. 
Type of Warrants: 
The Warrants are [American Style/European 
Style/Bermudan Style Warrants]. 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply]. 
The Warrants are [Put/Call]/[specify] Warrants. 
18. 
Status of the Warrants: 
Secured and limited recourse obligations 
19. 
Units: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable specify the number of Warrants that 
constitute a Unit and any other provisions 
applicable to Units) 
20. 
Exchange Rate: 
[The applicable rate of exchange for conversion of 
any amount into the relevant settlement currency 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
Amount is [insert rate of exchange and details of 
how and when such rate is to be ascertained]/Not 
applicable]. 
21. 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin 
/Other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original Warrants are 
already admitted to trading). 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
22. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION SECURITY 
23. 
Mortgaged Property

--- Page 445 ---
432 
 
(i) 
Collateral Securities: 
[Give brief description of assets being secured: 
(N.B. If Warrants are to be listed and the Collateral 
Securities are also listed, state type, pool size, legal 
jurisdiction, amount of Collateral Securities, 
method and date of origination and of acquisition 
by Issuer, name and address of originator, country 
of incorporation, nature of business, exchange on 
which Collateral Securities are listed, maturity, 
any guarantor). 
 
 
(N.B. If Warrants are to be listed and the Collateral 
Securities are not listed or guaranteed by a listed 
entity, attach full terms and conditions of 
Collateral 
Securities 
to 
Offering 
Circular 
Supplement; additional information may also be 
required and the stock exchange should be 
consulted at an early stage.)] 
 
(ii) 
Collateral Security (order of priorities): 
The Trustee shall apply all moneys received by it 
under the Trust Deed in connection with the 
realisation or enforcement of the Transaction 
Security constituted by the Trust Deed in the 
following order of priorities: 
 
 
[Beneficiary Claim/Counterparty Claim/Custodian 
Claim/Warrant Agent Claim/Holder Claim/Swap 
Counterparty Claim/Pari Passu Ranking/Other] 
 
(iii) 
Contract (if applicable): 
[Give date, termination date and nature of 
agreement and any other relevant details] 
 
(iv) 
Beneficiary (ies): 
[Give name and address(es) of institutions] 
 
(v) 
Collateral Securities Agreement: 
[Give date, termination date and nature of 
agreement and any other relevant details] 
 
(vi) 
Counterparties: 
[Give name and address of institution] 
 
(vii) 
Deposit Agreement: 
[Give date and nature of agreement and any other 
relevant details] 
 
(viii) 
Deposit Bank(s): 
[Give name and address of institution(s)] 
 
(ix) 
Other Agreement: 
[Give date and nature of agreement and any other 
relevant details] 
 
(x) 
Other Party(ies): 
[Give name and address of institution(s)] 
 
(xi) 
Swap (if applicable): 
[Under an ISDA Master Agreement dated [●] and 
a confirmation thereto with an effective date of the 
Issue Date including any applicable guarantee, 
made 
between 
the Issuer 
and 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty, the Issuer will pay to the Swap 
Counterparty [an amount equal to the net 
subscription moneys for the Warrants payable to 
the Issuer] and sums equal to [interest and principal 
payable] in respect of the Collateral Securities and 
the Swap Counterparty will pay to the Issuer [an 
amount equal to the net sum payable by the Issuer 
for the purchase of the Collateral Securities and

--- Page 446 ---
433 
sums equal to [each of] the Settlement Amount[(s)] 
due in respect of the Warrants] [set out 
other/additional payment provisions]. Except as 
stated below, the Swap will terminate on the 
Expiration Date.] 
 
 
[The Swap may be terminated early, (either in 
whole or, in certain circumstances, in part only) 
among other circumstances: 
 
 
(i) 
on the due date for payment of the 
Warrants if at any time any of the Warrants 
becomes due to be cancelled in accordance 
with the Conditions prior to the Expiration 
Date/on the date on which a date is set for 
cancellation of the Warrants if a date is set 
for cancellation in accordance with the 
Conditions prior to the Expiration Date; 
 
 
(ii) 
at the option of one party, if there is a 
failure by the other party to pay any 
amounts due under the Swap; 
 
 
(iii) 
if (subject as provided in the Swap) 
withholding 
taxes 
are 
imposed 
on 
payments made by the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap or it 
becomes illegal for either party to perform 
its obligations under the Swap (see 
"Transfer to avoid Termination Event" 
below); 
 
 
(iv) 
upon the occurrence of certain other events 
with respect to either party to the Swap, 
including insolvency. 
 
 
Consequences of Early Termination 
 
 
Upon any such early termination of the Swap, the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty may (subject as set 
out below and provided, in the case of certain tax 
events, that the Issuer may first be obliged to use 
all 
reasonable 
endeavours 
to 
transfer 
its 
obligations) be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other (regardless, if applicable, of 
which of such parties may have caused such 
termination). 
 
 
Such termination payment will [(other than 
[describe any circumstances where termination 
payments not calculated in accordance with ISDA 
or where a termination payment is not payable])] 
be based on the replacement cost or gain for a swap 
transaction that would have the effect of preserving 
for the party making the determination the 
economic equivalent of the Swap. In all cases of 
early termination occurring other than by reason of 
a default by the Swap Counterparty (in which case 
the determination will be made by the Issuer) or 
illegality (in which case the party which is not the

--- Page 447 ---
434 
Affected Party (as defined in the Swap) will make 
the determination (or, if there are two Affected 
Parties, each party will make a determination 
which will be averaged)), the termination payment 
will be determined by the Swap Counterparty on 
the basis of quotations received from at least three 
market-makers (failing which, by the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer, as aforesaid, based 
upon Loss (as defined in the Swap)). 
 
 
Regardless of which party makes the determination 
of the termination payment (if any), there is no 
assurance that the proceeds from the sale of the 
Collateral Securities plus or minus, as the case may 
be, such termination payment will be sufficient to 
pay any Settlement Amounts due to be paid in 
respect of the Warrants and any other amounts in 
respect thereof that are due.] 
 
 
[Insert summary of further termination provisions] 
 
(xii) 
Swap Counterparty(ies): 
[Give name(s) and address(es) of institutions] 
 
(xiii) 
Swap Guarantor (if applicable): 
[Give name and address of institution] 
 
(xiv) 
Details of Credit Support Document (if 
applicable): 
[Give details and/or date and nature of agreement 
and any other relevant items] 
 
(xv) 
Credit Support Provider: 
[Give name(s) and address(es) of institutions] 
24. 
Realisation of Transaction Security: 
[Holder 
Request/Extraordinary 
Resolution 
Direction/Creditor Direction] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT 
25. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph [●]) 
 
(i) 
Optional Cancellation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Cancellation Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
If cancellable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum number to be cancelled: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum number to be cancelled: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Description of any other Issuer's option: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[●]

--- Page 448 ---
435 
26. 
Settlement Amount Formula: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Exercise Price: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
27. 
Cancellation Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Cancellation Amount(s) payable on 
mandatory cancellation (Condition 25(b) 
(Mandatory Cancellation)), cancellation 
of 
Warrants 
for 
taxation 
(Condition 25(c)(ii) (Withholding and 
Cancellation of Warrants for Taxation 
Reasons)) or an event of default 
(Condition 11 (Events of Default)) and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
the Conditions): 
[Market Value] [●] 
 
(ii) 
Technical Annex Cancellation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify details if different from Conditions)] 
 
(iii) 
Collateral Securities Repayment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Collateral Securities Default Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v)         Collateral Securities Restructuring Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Agreement Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, please specify:) 
 
[Additional Regulatory Event(s): 
[•]] 
 
Regulatory Event Counterparty: 
[Swap Counterparty/other] 
 
(viii) 
EU Benchmark Regulation – Benchmark: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, please specify:) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the relevant Benchmark 
which is provided by the relevant Administrator, as 
specified in the table below. 
 
As at the date hereof, the relevant Administrator 
appears/ does not appear, as the case may be, on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the EU Benchmark 
Regulation), as specified in the table below.

--- Page 449 ---
436 
 
If “Does not appear and exempted” is specified in 
the table below, it means that the relevant 
Administrator does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation. 
 
If “Does not appear and non-exempted” is 
specified in the table below, it means that, as far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that the relevant Administrator is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[For the following table, add as many lines as necessary] 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
[Insert the name of 
Benchmark] 
[Insert the name of 
Administrator] 
[Appears] 
[Does not appear and 
exempted] 
[Does not appear and non-
exempted] 
 
 
28. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (including pursuant to the application of 
automatic 
exercise) 
on 
any 
day 
by 
any 
Warrantholder is [●] [and Warrants may only be 
exercised (including pursuant to the application of 
automatic exercise) in integral multiples of [●] 
Warrants in excess thereof]. 
29. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
The maximum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (excluding following the application of 
automatic 
exercise) 
on 
any 
day 
by 
any 
Warrantholder 
or 
group 
of 
Warrantholders 
(whether or not acting in concert) is [●]. (N.B. not 
applicable for European Style Warrants). 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
30. 
Form of Warrants: 
[Clearing System Warrants/Registered Warrants] 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate]

--- Page 450 ---
437 
 
(i) 
[Clearing System Global Warrant (in 
bearer form) /Registered Warrant: 
[Clearing System Global Warrant (in bearer form)/ 
Registered Warrant exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants/ Registered Warrants on [?] days' notice/ 
at any time/ in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Clearing System Global Warrant/ Registered 
Warrant] 
 
 
[insert alternative provisions] 
 
(ii) 
Global Registered Warrant: 
[Global Registered Warrant (insert number of 
Warrants) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream]] 
 
(iii) 
Clearing System Global Warrant (in 
bearer form) exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Warrants at the request of the 
Warrantholder: 
[Yes]/[No] 
31. 
(i) 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
for 
Payment Business Day (Condition 28(a) 
(Definitions)) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/Insert the financial centre(s).] 
 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
Business 
Day 
(Condition 
28(a) 
(Definitions)): 
[Not Applicable/Insert the business centre(s).] 
DISTRIBUTION 
32. 
Other terms or special conditions:8 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
33. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments]] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
34. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]] 
35. 
Total commission and concession: 
[●] per Warrant 
36. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[If the Warrants are linked to an Advised SGI Index AND the Issuer elects NOT to apply IRS U.S. Person 
definition, insert the following paragraph: 
 
8 Delete as applicable.

--- Page 451 ---
438 
37. 
Regulation S U.S. Person:  
Applicable] 
[If the Warrants are not linked to an Advised SGI Index AND the Issuer elects to also apply IRS U.S. Person 
definition, insert the following paragraph: 
38. 
Regulation S U.S. Person AND IRS U.S. 
Person:  
Applicable] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
39. 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
40. 
Common Code: 
[●] 
41. 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
42. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
43. 
The Agents appointed in respect of the Warrants 
are: 
[●] 
44. 
Arranger: 
Societe Generale 
 
45. 
If full terms and conditions are to be used, please add the following here: 
"The full text of the Conditions which apply to the Warrants [and which will be endorsed on the Warrants 
in definitive form] are set out in [the Annex hereto], which Conditions replace in their entirety those 
appearing in the Offering Circular for the purposes of these Warrants and such Conditions will prevail 
over any other provision to the contrary." 
46. 
The first set of bracketed words is to be deleted where there is a Global Warrant instead of Warrants in 
definitive form. The full Conditions should be attached to and form part of the Offering Circular 
Supplement. 
If any change is disclosed in the Offering Circular Supplement, it will require approval by the relevant 
Stock Exchange. Consideration should be given as to whether or not such disclosure should be made by 
means of a supplemental Offering Circular rather than in an Offering Circular Supplement.

--- Page 452 ---
439 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Iris has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Ireland in connection with the 
establishment of or accession to the Programme, as applicable. This update of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the respective Board of Directors of Iris passed on 10 July 2024. The issuing 
of Securities or entering into of Transactions by any Specified Issuer will be subject to an authorisation 
of the relevant governing body of such Specified Issuer and to any consents, approvals or authorisations 
in the jurisdiction of such Specified Issuer. Details of any such authorisation will be set out in the 
applicable Offering Circular Supplement issued in respect of any such Specified Issuer. 
2. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Iris and there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance or financial position of Iris since the date of the most recently 
published accounts for the financial year ended 30 June 2023. 
3. 
It is expected that each Series of Securities which is to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of, in the case of Notes, a Global 
Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Series or, in the case of Warrants, a Global Warrant 
or Warrants initially representing the Warrants of such Series, as the case may be. 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which Iris is aware) which may have, or have had since its incorporation on 
10 November 2004 a significant effect on its financial position or its profitability. 
5. 
Securities have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems (and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as set out in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement). The Common 
Code and the International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and (where applicable) any other 
applicable identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Securities will 
be set out in the applicable Offering Circular Supplement. 
6. 
The address for Euroclear is 3, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address for 
Clearstream is 42, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
7. 
The auditors of Iris are Grant Thornton Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm of 13-18 City 
Quay, Dublin, D02 ED70, Ireland ("Grant Thornton (Ireland)"). 
8. 
The accounts of the Issuer have been prepared on a non-consolidated basis and in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards. No interim accounts will be prepared by the Issuer. 
9. 
The accounts of Iris have been prepared for the financial years ending on 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023. 
10. 
The audited accounts of Iris for the financial years ending on 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 have been 
audited, without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK and Ireland) 
and are available in physical form from the offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Warrant 
Agent. Audited accounts for the financial years ending 2022 and 2023 will be available in physical form 
free of charge from the offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Warrant Agent.  
11. 
Grant Thornton (Ireland) is a chartered member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland 
(“ICAI”). 
12. 
All notices to Holders shall be given to them in accordance with the provisions of Condition 16 (Notices) 
(as modified, in the event of Securities held in global form, by the provisions of paragraph 10 of 
“Amendments to Conditions” in “Summary of Provisions relating to Securities while in Global Form”). 
13. 
(a) For so long as any Series of Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted 
to trading on the Global Exchange Market, (i) copies of the Principal Trust Deed and each Supplemental 
Trust Deed relating to the Series shall be available in physical form for inspection during usual business 
hours at the specified office of the Trustee; and (ii) copies of the following documents shall be available 
in physical form for inspection during usual business hours at the registered offices of Iris:

--- Page 453 ---
440 
(i) 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of Iris (each of which will also be published on the 
website maintained and operated by the Arranger at https://prospectus.socgen.com); 
(ii) 
Principal Trust Deed and each Supplemental Trust Deed entered into by the Issuer;  
(iii) 
Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
Disposal Agency Agreement;  
(v) 
Dealer Agreement;  
(vi) 
Custody Agreement;  
(vii) 
ICSD Agreement; 
(viii) 
Collateral Management Agreement; and 
(ix) 
the most recent audited accounts of Iris. 
(b) In addition, the Principal Trust Deed and each Supplemental Trust Deed entered into by the Issuer 
relating to any Series of Securities listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website maintained and 
operated by the Arranger at https://prospectus.socgen.com and will be available for so long as the 
Securities of that Series are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
14. 
Iris does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any Series of Securities or 
any collateral pertaining thereto. 
15. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the Securities to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin nor is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited seeking admission of the Securities to 
trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
16. 
The estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading is EUR 9,164.20. 
Data Protection  
17. 
By agreeing to invest in the Securities, investors acknowledge and accept that the Issuer and any service 
provider to the Issuer (including its administrator, the Trustee, the Custodian and/or other Agents) (each 
individually, a "Service Provider" and together, the "Service Providers") may hold and process 
personal data to properly record the investor's interest in the Securities in accordance with the General 
Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (together with laws implementing or 
supplementing the GDPR, in each case as amended and superseded from time to time), the Data 
Protection Acts 1988 to 2018 (and any successor or replacement to that legislation in Ireland) (the "Irish 
DP Law") and any secondary legislation made under the Irish DP Law, as applicable (together, the "Data 
Protection Legislation") and other relevant corporate laws and regulations and to advise the investors 
of matters relative to their investment iIn the Securities, including current values and changes to the 
Issuer's documentation and each Service Provider may in order to fulfil their duties to their respective 
Issuer and to comply with regulatory requirements: 
22.1 
process an investor's personal data (including sensitive personal data) as required by or in 
connection with its investment in the Securities including processing personal data in 
connection with money laundering checks on the investor, its officers and beneficial owners; 
22.2 
communicate with the investor as necessary in connection with its affairs and generally in 
connection with its investment in the Securities;

--- Page 454 ---
441 
22.3 
provide personal data to other companies in the same group as each Service Provider or to such 
third parties as the Issuer and/or each Service Provider may consider necessary in connection 
with the investor's affairs and generally in connection with its investment in the Securities or as 
the Data Protection Legislation may require or permit, including to third parties outside Ireland, 
the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area; 
22.4 
transfer personal data to other companies within the same group as the Issuer and/or each 
Service Provider (including to any such companies which are outside of Ireland, the United 
Kingdom or the European Economic Area) who wish to use such information for marketing 
purposes to promote their services to the investors, including by means of electronic 
communications; and  
22.5 
process an investor's personal data for the Issuer and/or each Service Provider's internal 
administration. 
18. 
References in this section to the Issuer and each Service Provider include references to any of its 
delegates or Associates. References to an investor's personal data include personal data of the investor's 
officers and beneficial owners and any other underlying data subjects which is provided or required 
pursuant to an investor's investment in the Securities.  
19. 
Personal data will be obtained, held, used, disclosed and processed for any one or more of the purposes 
set out above.

--- Page 455 ---
442 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Iris SPV plc 
Block 5 
Irish Life Centre 
 Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
TRUSTEE 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, WARRANT AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT, 
CALCULATION AGENT AND CUSTODIAN 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
WARRANT AUTHENTICATION AGENT 
HSBC Continental Europe, Luxembourg 
18, Boulevard de Kockelscheuer  
L-1821 Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENT IN IRELAND 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Societe Generale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
AUDITORS 
Grant Thornton  
Chartered Accountants and  
Statutory Audit Firm 
13 - 18 City Quay 
 Dublin  
D02 ED70 
 Ireland

--- Page 456 ---
443 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealer and the Trustee in respect of English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad St 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuer in respect of Irish law 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland