--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
Italgas S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€6,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €6,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Italgas S.p.A. (the 
Issuer, Italgas or the Company) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €6,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time 
to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 26 October 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the CSSF) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Further, by approving this Base Prospectus, 
the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of Luxembourg Law of 16 July 2019 on 
Prospectuses for Securities (the Prospectus Law). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in 
relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus, a new 
Base Prospectus or a drawdown prospectus, in the case of listed Notes only, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation), and included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under 
the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to "Risks related 
to the market generally" in the "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. Amounts payable under 
the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR, which is provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation). 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goldman Sachs International 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 26 October 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, 
when used in this Base Prospectus, references to “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF.  
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers or by their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data as well as calculations taken 
from industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial 
publications. It is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein 
derives from a third party, such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, 
and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy and 
France), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State 
of the EEA (each, an “EU Member State”) or the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the UK Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”), as applicable, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in 
an EU Member State or the UK of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do 
so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the FSMA and/or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
All references in this document to Euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
of the European Union, as amended and all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United 
States dollars. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only 
target market” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (as amended, the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the 
classification of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of 
the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”). The Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore" that will state the product 
classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend 
included in the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes 
of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, 
or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
 
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) 
statements identified by the use of terminology such as "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", 
"expects", "intends", "may", "plans", "projects", "will", "would" or similar words and 
expressions. These statements are based on the Issuer's current expectations and projections 
about future events and involve substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements 
of historical facts, contained herein regarding the Issuer's strategy, goals, plans, future financial 
position, projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be 
predicted or quantified. Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set 
forth in, contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not 
undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.  
Step Up Notes 
The Issuer may issue Step Up Notes linked to the performance of specific sustainable Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs) measured against specific Sustainability Performance Targets 
(SPTs) in line with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles, as will be better indicated in the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework. The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework will be 
available on the Issuer’s website once published. Tranches of such Step Up Notes will be 
denominated "Sustainability-Linked Notes". 
Second-party Opinions and External Verification  
In connection with the issue of Notes as Step Up Notes (also referred herein as Sustainability-
linked Notes) under the Programme, an opinion, report or certification of a third party (whether 
or not solicited by the Issuer) (Second-party Opinions), including the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework Second-party Opinion (as defined in the risk factor “Risks related to any Second-
party Opinions”) will be provided in respect of any Notes issued as Step Up Notes. The Second-
party Opinions will be available on the Issuer’s website. Any information on, or accessible 
through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such Second-party Opinions or any past or 
future Second-party Opinions provided pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information) is not 
part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers 
or any other member of their group (including parent companies), Second-party Opinion 
providers, the independent auditors or the External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any Second-party Opinion in connection with the offering of any Step 
Up Notes under the Programme. Any such Second-party Opinion and any other document related 
thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 52 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 56 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 81 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 129 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 130 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND LEGISLATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ............................ 182 
REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE FRAMEWORK .................................................................. 185 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 201 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 211 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 217 
ANNEX 1 - FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES ............ 221

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and 
any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in 
the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a new Base Prospectus, a drawdown prospectus or a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, in the case of listed Notes only, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this description. 
Issuer: 
Italgas S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer: 
815600F25FF44EF1FA76 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.italgas.it/en/investors/debt-rating/emtn-
program 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include, among others, risks relating to 
the effect of changes in tariff levels and risks of 
changes in regulation and legislation. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" and include certain risks relating 
to the structure of particular Series of Notes and 
certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if 
the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €6,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, notes may be denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par and will be indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described 
in "Form of the Notes".  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and, on redemption, will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Step Up Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be 
subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final 
Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 4 
(Interest), provided that, for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the 
Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step Up Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest 
may occur no more than once in respect of the relevant 
Step Up Note. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, which may be 
EURIBOR, CMS Rate or Constant Maturity 
BTP Rate.  
Whether or not such reference rate is provided 
by an administrator included in the register 
established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation), 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Inflation Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference 
to one or more inflation indices, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and relevant Dealer. 
Whether or not such inflation indices are provided by 
an administrator included in the register established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation, will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes having 
a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Clean – Up Call and Maturity Par Call 
Option: 
The applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether 
the Issuer has a Clean- Up Call or an Issuer Maturity 
Par Call Option. See Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)) and

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Clean-Up Call). 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated 
by reference to interest rates and indices which are 
deemed to be "benchmarks", for the purpose of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The 
Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate. Furthermore, if a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original 
Reference Rate is determined by the Independent 
Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may 
vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of 
the Noteholders. If a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the 
Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread 
may be determined by the Independent Adviser and 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in 
the manner set out in Condition 4.6 (Benchmark 
discontinuation). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
"Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year" above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation), unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law, in which event, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 9 (Events 
of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation), 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Approval of base prospectus, listing and 
admission to trading: 
This document has been approved as a base 
prospectus by the CSSF. Any information of the Base 
Prospectus regarding the Notes which may be neither 
listed or admitted to trading on any market have not 
been subject to the approval of the CSSF. Application 
has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the professional segment of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English Law. Condition 15 (Meetings Of 
Noteholders and Modification) and the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement concerning the meeting of 
relevant Noteholders and the appointment of a 
Noteholders’ representative are subject to mandatory 
provisions of Italian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, the EEA (including 
Italy and France), the UK, Japan, Singapore and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely 
to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently 
deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's 
control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of specific factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Most of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1) Risks related to the business activity and sector of the Italgas Group  
Risks associated with the concentration of the activities of the Italgas Group in Italy and Greece  
Italgas is active, either directly or through its subsidiaries and unconsolidated investee companies, in 
natural gas distribution in Italy and Greece. It is worth noting that Italgas’ activities continue to be 
mainly concentrated in Italy, with Greek companies accounting for less than 10% of total Italgas’ Group 
revenues at 31 December 2021. The future results of Italgas will therefore reflect the economic 
performance of these activities. 
The Italgas Group (as defined in section headed “Glossary of terms and legislation relating to the Issuer” 
below) activities will be influenced by the uncertainty linked to the renewal of gas distribution 
concessions following the Local Tender Processes, as well as by the quantification of the 
reimbursements provided for the outgoing operator pursuant to the applicable regulations. Unfavourable 
developments in these areas could have significant negative effects on the operations, results, balance 
sheet and cash flow of the Italgas Group. 
Regarding the Greek gas distribution market, accounting less than 10% of Italgas’ Group revenues at 
31 December 2022 Depa Infrastructure S.A. (Depa Infrastructure), through its subsidiaries, holds 
almost the entire market, with the exclusion of some smaller localities for which the Greek Energy 
Authority has granted gas distribution licenses to third-party companies. 
Risks associated with the potential competition in the sector in which Italgas operates 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Italian natural gas distribution market is fragmented1. 
However, in recent years, it has undergone a process of restructuring and consolidation2. It is believed 
 
1 Italgas elaboration based on MISE 2012 data shows that the Italgas Group is the leader in the natural gas distribution segment 
in Italy, with an estimated market share of approx. 35% (including affiliates) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, in terms 
of the percentage of end-customers connected to the network (RP). 
2 As the ARERA's figures confirm (see the 2021 Annual Report of 15 July 2022, Table 3.11) the number of operators 
decreased from 228 in 2013 to 188 in 2021 (there were more than 700 in 2000), in view of the Local Tender Processes. The 
number of operators is also expected to decrease substantially after these Local Tender Processes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
that, in the future, with the implementation of the Local Tender Processes for the allocation of the 
natural gas distribution service and through M&A activities, this market consolidation process will 
continue. 
In this context, there could be the risk that, failing Italgas to adequately respond in the future to the gas 
distribution market evolution, this may result in negative effects on the Italgas Group's operations, 
results, balance sheet and cash flow. 
Market and competition risks. Risks associated with the expiration and renewal of gas distribution 
concessions 
Italian perimeter 
Gas distribution activities, where the Italgas Group is active, are carried out pursuant to concessions 
issued by individual municipalities. As of 30 June 2022, Italgas Group held a total of 1,838 concessions, 
of which 1,414 have expired. Such as other main sector operators, Italgas Group continues to operate 
by holding expired concessions. In its Strategic Plan, the Italgas Group assumes that during the period 
2019-2026 the expired concessions will be tendered and therefore assigned to the winner of the tenders. 
The percentage of Italgas Group revenues coming from expired concessions represents the maximum 
risk of potential loss of revenue as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and, consequently, of the margins 
of the Italgas Group in the event that it is not awarded the re-assignment of the expired concessions; it 
must however be noted that, in such a case, the Reimbursement Value (as defined in section headed 
"Glossary of Terms and Legislation Relating to the Issuer" below) would be paid to the out-going 
operator. The Issuer assumes a proportional correlation between loss of revenues and EBITDA losses.  
For the sake of completeness even after the expiry of the concession, being the gas distribution service 
considered as a "public service", each gas distribution operator (including the companies of the Italgas 
Group) is requested to continue and should continue with the management of the service (and be 
accordingly remunerated), limited to the ordinary administration (ordinaria amministrazione), until the 
start date of the new concession (Article 14.7 of Legislative Decree No. 164 of 2000). 
According to Ministerial Decree No. 226 of 12 November 2011 (MD 226 or Tender Criteria Decree) 
the gas distribution service can only be conducted on the basis of tender processes to be held for each 
of the 177 ATEMs (predominantly of a provincial size), in which the Italian territory has been divided. 
In turn, each ATEM is made up of a combination of municipalities served by distribution plants that 
must be managed by a single concession holder (concessionario), which shall emerge from the public 
tender procedures. The maximum length of the concession is 12 years. 
The timetable for tenders, initially comprising the years 2015, 2016 and 2017 has been updated on some 
occasions, lastly with the "Milleproroghe" Law Decree (n. 244/2016), converted into law in February 
2017, which extended by further 24 months the time limit to launch the tenders for the ATEMs affected 
by the 2016 earthquakes.  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, only 38 invitations have been published for a total of 39 ATEMs 
(Cremona 2 and Cremona 3 were grouped together), of which four have been withdrawn, two others 
have been annulled by a judicial decision (Venezia 1 and Alessandria 2) and twelve were suspended by 
the contracting authority. Submissions by operators for eight tenders: Torino 2, Belluno, Udine 2, Valle 
d’Aosta, Milano 1, Torino 1, Napoli 1 and La Spezia (Torino 2, Valle D’Aosta, Belluno and Torino 1 
have been awarded to Italgas Reti S.p.A. “Italgas Reti” that also leads La Spezia provisional rank 
recently published by contracting Authority) and five pre-qualifications requests (Prato, Perugia 2, 
Udine 1, Udine 3 and Torino 5) have instead occurred. For a further eight invitations to tender, the bid 
submission dates, or rather the pre-qualification request dates, were postponed. Finally, the Region of 
Calabria has appointed commissioners ad acta, in order to start the tender proceedings in two ATEMs 
(Cosenza 1 and Reggio Calabria – Vibo Valentia).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
The criteria to be used for awarding the concessions to a bidder, mainly of a technical nature and also 
based on economic factors, are set out in MD 226.  
Uncertainty about interpretation and therefore application of the rules governing such new regulatory 
framework does persist at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
When it comes to the tender process, the Italgas Group may not be awarded concessions it plans to 
retain/ win or may be re-awarded its present concessions under conditions that are less favourable than 
the current conditions, with a possible negative impact on its operations, results, balance sheet and cash 
flow. It should, however, be pointed out that, if the concessions relating to previously managed 
municipalities are not awarded, the companies of the Italgas Group will have the right to be paid the 
Reimbursement Value in favour of the outgoing operator, calculated in accordance with MD 226. It is 
possible that the Reimbursement Value of the concessions resulting from the Tenders, where a third 
party is an assignee, is below the value of the RAB. Such a case could have significant negative effects 
on the assets and on the balance sheet, income statement and financial position of the Italgas Group. 
At the same time, the gas distribution companies of the Italgas Group may be awarded new ATEM 
concessions (i.e. previously held by other operators, either wholly or in part). Therefore, it is not 
possible to rule out that, at the end of each tender procedure, a new concession awarded could, at least 
initially, require greater running costs and capital expenditure for the gas distribution companies of the 
Italgas Group compared with their operating standards.  
In general, given the complexity of the regulations governing the expiration of the concessions, this and 
the outcome of any Local Tender Process could give rise to judicial and/or arbitral disputes between 
concession-holders, including the gas distribution companies of the Italgas Group, and third parties 
(including out-going operators and municipalities), with possible negative effects on the operations, 
results, balance sheet and cash flow of the Italgas Group.  
Greek perimeter 
The expiration and renewal of the gas distribution license in Greece are governed by the Greek Energy 
Law, which was partially amended (i.e., Articles 2, 80Γ and 88) by Greek Law 4812/2021, enacted on 
June 30, 2021. According to such amendment, the term of the license is set at a minimum of 20 years 
and may be extended to 30 additional years upon the expiration of the original license upon the 
application of the license holder.  
The extension application is to be submitted by the operator one year before the expiration, which is 
scheduled for 2043. The renewal is done through an “act with declaratory effect” issued by the Greek 
Energy Authority. The lack of specific conditions under which such an act is approved creates 
uncertainty, although Law 4951-2022 (Art. 134) introduced the provision of a redemption value equal 
to the value of the RAB at the end of the license plus a 15% premium.  
The non-renewal of the license could have significant negative effects on Depa Infrastructure group 
operations and impact on its economic, financial, and asset position due to the definition of the 
redemption value. 
Risks associated with the limited number of Shippers 
The Italgas Group provides its services to the users of its distribution network (i.e., companies selling 
gas to final users) which purchase gas from Shippers or Traders (as defined in section headed "Glossary 
of Terms and Legislation relating to the Issuer" below) and which, in turn, sell to other Traders or, 
usually, to end customers, namely those who consume the gas for their own use and who are connected

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
to the distribution network at the Redelivery Points (RPs), each availed of meters for the measurement 
of gas redelivered. 
Italian and Greek users of distribution access local natural gas distribution infrastructures through the 
services provided, respectively, by the Italian companies, pursuant to the Network Code for distribution 
approved by the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (ARERA), and 
by the Greek companies, pursuant to the Supply code of gas to customer ("Supply code of gas to 
customer") approved by the Greek Energy Authority. 
The existing regulatory framework in both Italy and Greece gives distribution users who are in 
possession of the necessary requirements the right to access the above-mentioned distribution 
infrastructures. This right is accompanied by the symmetrical obligation of the infrastructure operators 
(i.e. the DSOs) to guarantee access on the basis of the terms and conditions defined by respective local 
regulations referred to the above.  
Any non compliance by such distribution users, whose contracts generated a total of approximately 
94.5% of Italian companies’ core business revenues at December 31st, 2021 and approximately 98.7% 
of Greek companies’ core business revenues as of the same date, or a delay in complying with their 
obligations, could have negative effects on the operations, results, and economic and financial position 
of the Italgas Group. 
The majority of clients of the gas distribution companies of the Italgas Group are investment grade 
companies.  
Risks associated with the execution of Italgas's strategic plan 
On 14 June 2022, the renewed Board of Directors of Italgas approved a new strategic plan defining the 
guidelines and the targets of the Italgas Group for the 2022-2028 period (the Italgas Strategic Plan) 
updating the strategy announced at the time of the previous strategic plan (2021-2027).  
The Italgas Strategic Plan contains, and was drawn up on the basis of, hypotheses and estimates relating 
to future developments and events that could affect Italgas Reti, Toscana Energia S.p.A. (Toscana 
Energia), Seaside S.p.A. (Seaside1), Bludigit S.p.A. (Bludigit), Italgas Acqua S.p.A. (Italgas Acqua) 
and their subsidiaries' operating sectors, such as estimates concerning the demand for natural and 
renawable gases in Italy in the medium to long term or changes to the applicable regulations, or the 
timetable for future tender processes for gas distribution concessions in the various minimum 
geographical areas. 
The 2022-2028 Strategic Plan integrates the future commitment of Italgas in Greece with the awaited 
acquisition of Depa Infrastructure. Italgas' plan foresees 1.8 billion euros capex for the acquisition, 
consolidation and execution of the development programs set to date by the operating companies 
Thessaloniki – Thessalia Gas Distribution S.A., Attiki Natural Gas Distribution Single Member 
Company S.A. and Public Gas Distribution Networks S.A.. 
The Italgas Strategic Plan is the result of a simulation process forecasting the economic, capital, and 
financial parameters for the Italgas Group and was constructed on the basis of actual data as of 31 
December 2021.  
The Italgas Strategic Plan provides for objectives identified on the basis of substantial continuity in the 
existing regulatory environment and of the unfolding of the effects of management actions (the 
Forecast Data).  
 
1 Now renamed Geoside S.p.A.. For further information please refer to the section “Description of the Issuer”, paragraph 
“Group structure” below.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The Forecast Data is based on assumptions as to the occurrence of a set of future events and actions that 
include, among other things, general and hypothetical assumptions concerning future events – subject 
to the risks and uncertainties that characterize the current macroeconomic environment – actions that 
will not necessarily take place and events or other factors that may have an impact on the performance 
of the major capital and economic figures of the Italgas Group, and which the directors of Italgas (the 
Directors) and the management of Italgas cannot influence or may only be able to do so partially (in 
combination, the Hypothetical Assumptions).  
In particular, these Hypothetical Assumptions envision the following, among other things: 
(i) 
the success of the transactions for the financing of new debt requirements or refinancing of debt 
that will expire, including its planned subsequent listed bond issues; 
(ii) 
the effectiveness of the timetable for future tenders for the awarding of the gas distribution service 
in 
the 
various 
ATEMs 
envisioned 
by 
the 
management 
of 
Italgas.  
The timetable provides for the full completion of the tender processes outside the plan period, 
with a slower timing compared with the previous plan; 
(iii) 
fulfillment of the success rate envisioned by the management of Italgas in relation to future 
tenders for the awarding of the gas distribution service in the various ATEMs in which the Italgas 
Group plans to participate; 
(iv) 
the representative character of the RAB (Regulatory Asset Base) value as an estimator of the 
Reimbursement Value recognized for outgoing operators within the scope of future tenders for 
the awarding of the gas distribution service in the various ATEMs for each of the concessions in 
the Italgas Group’s scope of interest in the plan period; and 
(v) 
realization of the estimates concerning the demand for natural gas in Italy and Greece in the 
medium to long term or changes in the applicable rules. 
Furthermore, the assumptions relating to changes in the macroeconomic and regulatory environment 
and to the dynamics of the benchmark rates underlying the Italgas Strategic Plan were formulated in 
working out the currently available forecasts. It is also noted that the Italgas Strategic Plan was 
developed by referencing the current competitive structure. 
For the period 2022-2028, the Italgas Strategic Plan has scheduled overall investments (net of 
divestments) of 8.6 billion euros (compared to the Euro 7.9 billion envisaged in the previous 2021-2027 
plan), of which about 1.8 billion euros related to tenders and about 6.8 billion euros without considering 
tenders.  
Out of the 6.8 billion euros above, about 1.8 billion euros are dedicated to the acquisition of Depa 
Infrastructure in Greece and the subsequent execution of the capex plan envisaged by the three 
distribution companies, about 0.5 billion euros are referred to diversification: specificlaly, about 0.34 
billion euros for the growth of energy efficiency business, both from organic and M&A initiatives, 
while 0.16 billion euros are dedicated to water sector, where Italgas plans to growth, also through 
selected M&A. About 4.5 billion euros are related to Italian gas distribution base perimeter, of which 
about 0.2 billion euros are allocated to the completion of Sardinia project, 1.5 billion euros are aimed 
at the prosecution of digitization plan (including smart metering), of which about 0.1 billion euros are 
to favour Biomethane connections and to introduce reverse flow technology. About 2.7 billion euros 
will be dedicated to carry on repurposing, development and maintenance of the existing network, 
including the completion of the projects already started in the previous years.  
In terms of number of Redelivery Points (RP), the Italgas Strategic Plan assumes the existence of 
conditions for market share growth in the Italian market from the initial approximately 35% to about

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
42%, by the end of 2028 and about 45% by the end of Local Tender Processes (out of plan period). Also 
considering the Greek market, by the end of the plan period (2028) the Italgas Group will expect to 
have about 10.1 million RPs managed, compared to about 7.6 million at the end of 2021. 
The technical investments plan for the current perimeter, in conjunction with the planned initiatives for 
growth (acquisition of DEPA Infrastructure, tenders and M&A in Italy) is intended to support RAB 
growth to a targeted CAGR of around 6.4% in the plan period, starting from 8.2 billion euros at the end 
of 2021 (in the absence of tenders, but considering Greece, the estimated average annual growth rate of 
RAB is about 4.5%). In view of the delay that could affect timetable of Local Tender Processes, Italgas 
has taken and could continue to pursue M&A opportunities, with a strict financial discipline, in order 
to anticipate tenders timing and enlarge and optimize concession portfolio, increasing competitiveness 
in tender process. 
Should the market share growth objectives indicated in the Italgas Strategic Plan not be met, the Issuer 
will continue with its own programme of organic investments and the efficient operation of distribution 
and measuring activities. 
If the events and circumstances envisaged or relied upon by the Board of Directors when drawing up 
the strategic plan, including the evolution of the regulatory framework, fail to materialise, the future 
operations, cash flow and results of the Italgas Group may differ from those set out in the Italgas 
Strategic Plan; that could also have an impact on the ability of Italgas to meet its payment obligations 
in accordance with the loan agreements and/or to comply with any covenants under the actual 
agreements.  
Furthermore, the historical consolidated results and the historical financial and operating situation may 
not be indicative of future financial and operating performance. There can be no guarantee whatsoever 
that, in the future, Italgas Reti and its subsidiaries' profitability will remain at current levels, or that the 
regulatory system will not evolve in a manner that is unfavourable to the Italgas Group. 
Operating risks. Risks associated with malfunctioning and unforeseen interruption of the service, 
and with delays in the progress of infrastructure construction programmes 
Managing regulated gas activities involves a number of risks of malfunctioning and unforeseeable 
service disruptions due to factors which may also be outside of the control of Italgas, such as accidents, 
breakdowns or the malfunctioning of equipment (including metering tools) or control systems; the 
underperformance of plants; and extraordinary events such as explosions, fires, earthquakes, landslides 
or other similar events which may also be beyond the control of Italgas. Such events could result in a 
reduction in revenue and could also cause significant damage to people and private and public properties, 
with potential compensation obligations. Although Italgas has taken out specific insurance policies to 
cover some of these risks, in addition to ordinary and extraordinary maintenance performed on both 
distribution network and facilities, the related insurance cover could be insufficient to meet all the losses 
incurred, compensation obligations or cost increases.  
The Italgas Group has developed its own business continuity and crisis management strategy: it includes 
compliance principles as roles and responsibilities, crisis management model, crisis activation levels, 
risk analysis and event management. Furthermore, the business continuity plan section defines how to 
maintain systems, execute tests and continuous improvement phases, covering all relevant scenarios. 
Italgas considers the adoption of the business continuity plan essential to implement a structured 
approach and ensure business continuity in case of disaster events, defining organisational and 
emergency controls for critical processes and adopting appropriate risk management measures in both 
operational and business terms. 
Italgas Group's ability to effectively develop its infrastructure is subject to many unforeseeable events 
linked to operating, economic, regulatory, authorisation and competition factors which are outside of

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
its control. Italgas is therefore unable to guarantee that the projects to build, upgrade and/or extend its 
network will be started, completed or lead to the expected benefits in terms of tariffs.  
The capex plan in the context of the Strategic Plan 2022-2028 envisages a total amount of 2.7 billion 
euros for repurposing, developing, improving and upgrading the existing infrastructure, 0.2 billion euros 
devoted to the completion of the Sardinia methanization project, 1.8 billion euros for Greece 
(acquisition and execution of technical capex), and 0.1 billion euros to growth by external lines through 
M&A operations in the Italian gas distribution sector.  
The capex plan may require greater investment and/or longer timeframes than those originally planned, 
affecting in the future the Italgas Group's financial position and results. 
Investment projects can be stopped or delayed because of difficulties in obtaining environmental and/or 
administrative authorisations, opposition raised by political groups or other organisations, or may be 
affected by changes in the price of equipment, materials and labour, or by changes in the political or 
regulatory context in the course of construction, or even by an inability to obtain financing at an 
acceptable interest rate. Such delays could have adverse effects on the operations, results and economic 
and financial position of the Italgas Group which could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, changes in the prices of goods, equipment, 
materials availability and workforce could have an impact on the financial results of the Italgas Group. 
An additional risk arises from adverse publicity that such events may generate and the consequential 
damage to the Issuer's reputation. 
Risks associated with the plan for the replacement of traditional meters with smart meters and the 
increased levels of malfunctioning of smart meters 
The ARERA made remote meter reading compulsory for operators back in 2008 through Resolution 
155/2008, justifying it through the advantages that this technology brings, especially to end users (e.g. 
invoicing based on actual consumption, greater awareness of consumption, constant monitoring of the 
operation of metering units). The initial objective therefore involved the replacement, by 2016, of 80% 
of traditional meters with smart meters. Through subsequent Resolutions 28/2012 and 631/2013, the 
ARERA altered the plan for the replacement of smart meters for the mass market, bringing the 
replacement target down to 60% in 2018 and updating the interim targets for the period 2014 – 2017. 
The replacement plan was updated once again through the ARERA Resolution 669/2018 which 
replaced other Resolutions establishing targets for the past years and revised the meter replacement plan 
further setting it to 85% in 2020. However, due to Covid-19 pandemic, with Resolution 501/2020, 
ARERA postponed the 85% goal to 2021. Excluding the subsidiaries over which it does not exercise 
control, at 31 December 2021 the current total of smart meters is around 7.9 million, equal to 
approximately 92% of the entire stock of active and inactive meters (8.6 million). 
It is difficult to foresee if the implementation of the meter replacement plan, which is still ongoing, 
could result in an increase in management costs for the new smart meters (which in turn may incur 
technical and running problems) and expenses related to the decommissioning of the traditional meters 
replaced.  
Italgas Group continues its strong commitment to work together with the “Italian measure instrument 
suppliers association” to stimulate the insertion of security requirements and mechanisms into 
intelligent devices such as smart meters, remote terminal units and valves to ensure adequate security 
and resilience levels against vulnerabilities and cyber attacks. Notwithstanding Italgas’ efforts to design 
solid security requirements to prevent cyberattacks, the risk associated to cybersecurity incident cannot 
be completely eliminated.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Risks associated with acquisitions and industrial partnerships and supply chain 
The Italgas Group has undertaken, and may undertake in the future, corporate operations, such as joint 
ventures with strategic partners, acquisitions or investments in Italy and abroad, which may increase 
the complexity of Italgas Group's activities and whose success is difficult to predict.  
It is not certain that said operations can be carried out in accordance with the planned procedures or 
produce the expected benefits and synergies. The integration process could also make additional 
expenditure and investment necessary.  
If the aforementioned corporate operations fail to produce the expected synergies and benefits, there 
could be negative effects on the Italgas Group's operations, results, and financial position. 
Acquisitions abroad, if any, may entail or result in additional risks for example (but not limited to) due 
to specific integration difficulties, unforeseen costs as well as the impact of any applicable tax, legal 
and regulatory framework and any related changes. 
In order to support corporate operations, the Italgas Group intends to promote and maintain an adequate 
system of internal control (i.e. all the necessary or useful tools for addressing, managing and checking 
activities in the company aimed at ensuring compliance with corporate laws and procedures, protecting 
corporate assets, efficiently managing activities and providing precise and complete accounting and 
financial information). 
The Italgas Group has also drawn up a process with which to promote and guarantee the protection of 
information assets, both of the Italgas Group and of the partners ecosystem who work with the Issuer 
and to mitigate cyber risks and threats. For this reason, suppliers and third parties must formally 
undertake to comply with the principles and security guidelines. 
In the context of corporate operations and supplier management, the Italgas Group also performs 
reputational due diligence activities, leveraging a consolidated risk-based approach, in order to evaluate 
and highlight alerts and red flags focused on a proprietary crime taxonomy. Such corporate intelligence 
activities are based on publicly available open sources collection and paid services. Due to the dynamic 
nature of the information that is used in order to identify anomalies and alerts according to Italgas 
evaluation matrix, there is a limited risk that not all of the possible events of interest may be collected 
at the specific time when the reputational due diligence is performed. 
Risks related to the acquisition of DEPA Infrastructure (the DEPA Transaction) 
The risks related to the DEPA Transaction are those typical of risk capital investments following the 
acquisition of shares in a company and, particularly, the possibility that the shareholdings purchased 
suffer a material depreciation as a result of: (i) finding in the Depa Infrastructure group’s equity 
economic and financial situation of contingent liabilities and/or overestimated assets, in a manner 
unknown or unforeseeable at the time of the purchase; and/or (ii) other factors not foreseeable upon 
completion of the DEPA Transaction; and/or (iii) the failure to implement Depa Infrastructure’s 
development plans and, therefore, the impossibility to achieve the expected results. 
Although the Issuer carried out a proper due diligence (in finance, tax, legal, regulatory, safety and 
environment and on the properties and facilities of the Depa Infrastructure group) prior to the 
completion of the DEPA Transaction, it cannot be excluded that Depa Infrastructure group may present 
other significant critical issues that the Issuer was not able to find in the context of the due diligence 
made. Presence of any liabilities and/or critical issues in Depa Infrastrcture could have negative effects 
on the business, operating results and the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and the Italgas

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Group. 
Risks associated with dependence on management and specialised staff  
The Italgas Group's capacity to carry out its business effectively depends on the abilities and 
effectiveness of its management and staff. The dependence on qualified management and staff, as well 
as the inability to attract, train or retain management and staff with the necessary qualifications 
(specifically with regard to technical positions, where availability of qualified staff is generally limited), 
or the emergence of disputes with employees, could affect Italgas' capacity to implement its long-term 
strategy and could have a negative impact on the Italgas Group's operations, results and financial 
position. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's use of information technology to conduct its business 
The Italgas Group's operations are increasingly reliant on information systems and information 
technology platforms (collectively, IT) to maintain and improve its operational efficiency. In fact, since 
December 2018, all Italgas' assets and processes were migrated to “cloud” with positive outcome.  
Best practices are adopted in information system management to guarantee business continuity, both 
implementing technologies and protecting and securing its information systems. Notwithstanding these 
preventive measures, the Issuer's information systems may be impacted by different operational and 
security challenges, such as telecommunications or data centre failures, security breaches, hacking and 
cyber attacks in general, as well as other types of interference.  
The Italgas Group regularly maintains and updates its IT systems, and within its IT security framework, 
has adopted advanced solutions for information security. 
In order to consolidate the operational capabilities required to enable and increase the level of resilience 
against external and internal threats, ensuring the protection of physical and logical assets, processes 
and people, Italgas has started in 2020 a progressive program on security issues, implementing 
technological and process activities. 
The risks connected to cybersecurity are also monitored by the Enterprise Risk Management 
Department within the corporate risks portfolio. The risks are updated periodically and depending on 
their relevance.  
Any interruptions, failures, or breaches in the security infrastructure of its IT systems, or failure to plan 
and execute suitable contingencies in the event of their disruption, could have an adverse effect on the 
Italgas Group's ability to guarantee operations in compliance with the rules of the ARERA as well as 
Greek Energy Authority and compete with competitors, and may harm its reputation as well as disrupt 
its business, thereby potentially having an adverse effect on its financial condition, cash flow and/or 
results of operations as well reputation of the Italgas Group. 
The Italgas Group promotes assessments of the supply chain from the point of view of cyber security 
risk, making use of the services provided by a company specialised in "cybersecurity risk ratings".  
Risks associated with political, social and economic instability in natural gas supplier countries 
A large portion of the natural gas transported through the Italian and Greek national transportation 
network is imported from or passes through countries that are currently politically, socially or 
economically unstable, and/or which may also suffer instability in the future. Importing natural gas 
from these countries, or transiting through them, is subject to risks inherent to these countries, including 
but not limited to: high inflation; volatile exchange rates; inadequate legislation on insolvency and 
creditor protection; social tensions and unrest; limits on investment and the import and export of goods;

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
increases in taxes and excises; forced renegotiation of contracts; nationalisation or renationalisation of 
assets; political unrest; tensions with other countries; changes in trade policies; monetary restrictions; 
and losses or damage caused by disorder and unrest.  
If a Shipper using the distribution service via Italgas Group networks cannot procure natural gas from 
the aforementioned countries because of said adverse conditions, or in any way suffers from said 
adverse conditions, and/or is consequently unable to fulfil contractual obligations towards the Italgas 
Group, this could have negative effects on Italgas Group's operations, results, and financial position and 
consequently affect the Issuer's ability to meet its payments under the Notes. 
If the supply of natural gas to clients of the Italgas Group is disrupted due to such adverse conditions, 
or is otherwise materially adversely affected by such adverse conditions, this may have a material 
adverse effect on the Italgas Group's business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations 
and consequently affect the Issuer's ability to meet its payments under the Notes. 
Please see the below risk factor in order to have a more in-depth focus of potential adverse effects 
related to the Russian-Ukrainian war. 
Risks associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
On February 2022 the Russian-Ukrainian military conflict exploded following the invasion by the 
Russian army into Ukraine sovereign territory. The state of political and military tension generated and 
the consequent economic sanctions adopted by the international community against Russia have had 
significant effects and created turbulence on the global markets, on both the financial front and in terms 
of prices and the export of raw materials, considering the significant role that Russia and Ukraine play 
in the international economic chessboard. Italgas confirms that it does not have production activities or 
personnel deployed in Russia, Ukraine or countries geopolitically aligned with Russia, nor does it have 
commercial and/or financial relationships with such countries.  
Italgas has continued to see no materially significant restrictions to the execution of financial 
transactions through the bank system, even after the exclusion of Russia from the SWIFT international 
payment system. Nevertheless, in a market already characterised by restrictions and slowdowns in the 
procurement chain, especially in relation to components, we cannot rule out that the political and 
economic tension induced by the conflict might exacerbate such difficulties and have implications, in a 
way that cannot yet be estimated or predicted, on the effectiveness and timeliness of the Group’s 
procurement capacity. Specifically, in March 2022 Italgas completed the first survey of a significant 
portion of its suppliers (which will be periodically updated). It was found that none of the suppliers 
surveyed reported any impact with the Russian market, while only one supplier reported sub-supplies 
of Ukrainian origin for which it took steps to seek alternatives. All the suppliers surveyed confirmed 
that they have implemented measures to prevent effects of any cyber attacks. It is also noted that most 
of the processes managed by the suppliers surveyed can be classified as energy-intensive. The survey 
confirmed, as previously highlighted, the growing problems in the procurement of electronics and 
components linked to steel, both in terms of price, delivery time and availability.  
With reference to the tensions on the financial markets, Italgas continues to be only marginally exposed 
to foreign exchange risk and in any case only against the US dollar. With regard to the availability of 
sources of financing and the related costs, it is reported that i) about 89% of Italgas’ financial debt is 
fixed rate, ii) the first repayment of a bond envisaged for 2024 has no refinancing and/or liquidity 
requirements in the short term, iii) the Group in any case has a robust liquidity profile thanks to an 
adequate amount of cash held with leading credit institutions, as at 30 June 2022, which, in light of the 
existing investment plans and the operations planned over the next 12 months, would make it possible 
to manage any restrictions on access to credit with no significantly material effects.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
With reference to the indirect risks associated with the sales companies that use the Italgas Group’s 
networks, if they are found to be suffering, in a deteriorated international scenario, from adverse 
commodity procurement conditions such as, for example, huge increases in the prices of the raw 
material that cannot be passed on to end customers resulting in a worsening of their financial conditions 
and related difficulty in regularly complying with their contractual obligations towards the Italgas 
Group, it is recalled that the rules for user access to the gas distribution service are established by 
ARERA and regulated in the Network Code, which also defines the system for existing financial 
guarantees to protect the distributor.  
Lastly, with reference to the risk of lower volumes of gas injected into the national infrastructure, as we 
know, the current tariff regulation does not lead to exposure of the distributors to changes in volumes 
of gas distributed. In any case, the risk of a prolonged interruption to injection of natural gas into the 
distribution infrastructure, which could impact in a significantly negative way upon the Group’s 
operating continuity, would nevertheless be mitigated by the actions already in place and/or being 
studied at national and European level, such as the optimisation of storage, the diversification of 
procurement sources and the increase in domestic output. 
2) Risks relating to the applicable regulatory framework 
Regulatory risk 
The Italgas Group conducts its main business in the gas distribution sector, which is a highly regulated 
sector. The relevant directives and legal provisions issued by the European Union and, in Italy and 
Greece, by the respective governmental and regulatory authorities (ARERA and Greek Energy 
Authority: RAE, respectively) and, more generally, changes to the legislative (including accounting and 
fiscal legislation) and regulatory framework (including EEC regulation) may have a significant impact 
on the Italgas Group' operations, results and financial stability. 
Considering the specific nature of Italgas Group's main business and the context in which it operates, 
changes to the regulatory context with regard to the criteria for determining reference tariffs are 
particularly significant. 
In Italy, with Resolution 570/2019/R/gas, as a result of the consultation process launched with 
Consultation Documents no. 170/2019/R/gas and 410/2019/R/gas, ARERA set the criteria for 
determining the tariffs for gas distribution and metering services for the fifth regulatory period. 
The length of the regulatory period has been maintained at six years, from 1 January 2020 to 31 
December 2025, divided into two half-periods of 3 years each. 
Analogously, with Resolution 571/2019/R/gas, as a result of the consultation process launched with 
Consultations no. 170/2019/R/gas and 338/2019/R/gas, the ARERA set the rules and the criteria for the 
gas distribution and metering service quality for the fifth regulatory period.  
Also in Greece, the Greek Energy Authority has set the criteria for determining tariffs for gas 
distribution and metering services for the upcoming regulatory periods. The duration of a tariff 
adjustment period is currently set at four 4, with the current adjustment period being 2019-2022. 
Specifically in Greece, prior to each regulatory period, each operator is expected to submit their business 
plan as well as their development plan to the Greek Energy Authority for its approval; on the basis of 
such plans, the operator's regulated revenues and related distribution tariffs are calculated. Either non-
approval or partial approval of the development plan submitted by Depa Infrastructure group companies 
to the aforementioned authority could adversely affect Depa Infrastructure’s group investments, 
operations and results.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Differently from Italy, the setting of tariffs in Greece is done, for all years of the regulatory period, by 
sharing the calculated regulated revenues and volume estimates purchased from users. In case the 
volume forecasts come out to be different from effective ones thus generating a deviation between 
actual and regulated revenues, such deviation (called “recoverable difference”), which can be either 
positive or negative, is considered in the definition of regulated revenues of the next regulatory period 
and is then expected to be recovered through the tariffs of the next 4 years. 
Future changes in the legislative policies of the European Union and/or Italy and/or Greece as well as 
changes in the resolutions of ARERA and the Greek Energy Authority, which may have unforeseeable 
effects on the relevant legislative framework and therefore on the Italgas Group's operating activities 
and results, cannot be ruled out. The same applies to the regulatory framework. 
For further information please refer to the section "Regulatory and legislative framework" below. 
Risk associated with subsidies regulatory policy 
By Resolution n. 570/2019/R/gas public and private subsidies received from 2012 are deducted from 
the value of fixed assets, both for the purpose of calculating the remuneration of invested capital and 
depreciation and, as consequence, subsidies are downgraded proportionally to the depreciation.  
Regarding the "frozen subsidies", with Resolution 570/2019, ARERA adopted a time horizon for the 
full release of these subsidies aligned with the time horizon for the release of the subsidies subject to 
down-grade (about 34 years) in order to guarantee graduality and tariff stability. 
For the subsidies stock existing at December 31st, 2011, the company could choose, in the fifth 
regulatory period (January 1st, 2020 – December 31st, 2025), two alternative methods: 
• 
same approach as the one adopted in the third and fourth regulatory periods, therefore no 
subsidies downgrade, full deduction from the invested capital and no impact on 
depreciation, or 
• 
same approach as for the contributions received from 2012, therefore subsidies are 
deducted from the value of fixed assets both in calculating remuneration of the invested 
capital and depreciation, and then are downgraded gradually. 
Risk associated with invested capital regulatory remuneration 
Italgas Reti has filed a suit (ricorso giurisdizionale) against the Resolution no. 570/2019/R/gas which 
sets the tariff criteria for the distribution and metering services for the fifth regulatory period. For further 
information please refer to the section “Description of the Issuer” - "Material Litigation - Resolution 
no. 98/2019/R/gas ARERA and Resolution no. 128/2019/R/gas ARERA" below. 
By Resolution no. 106/2020/R/gas, ARERA has redetermined the reference tariffs for distribution and 
metering services for the year 2018 for municipalities with the year of first supply starting from 2017, 
based on the provisions of Resolution no. 570/2019/R/gas, in relation to the unitary cap on the amount 
of costs recognised to cover capital costs relating to the distribution service for new investments. In 
particular, ARERA has no longer provided for the application of the cap to the amount of recognised 
costs, for investments in municipalities with first supply (anno di prima fornitura) in 2017 which are 
therefore remunerated on the basis of the costs actually incurred. 
With respect to municipalities with first supply from 2018 onwards, some elements of uncertainty about 
the return on new investments arise due to the application of a methodology which has not yet been 
fully developed by the ARERA.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
With Resolution no. 154/2022/R/gas, ARERA approved the definitive reference tariffs for the 
distribution and metering services for 2021 and with Resolution no. 194/2022/R/gas ARERA approved 
the provisional reference tariffs for natural gas distribution and metering services for 2022. 
Risks associated with the energy efficiency certificates market 
White certificates, also known as "Energy Efficiency Certificates" (EECs), are tradable instruments 
that certify the achievement of energy savings for end users of energy through projects and works 
increasing energy efficiency, as evaluated and approved by the Energy Services Operator (GSE). 
The GSE, after having evaluated the specific energy efficiency projects, issues a number of EECs in 
compliance with the provisions of the current law in favour of the entity that has carried out such 
projects. 
Companies that distribute gas and/or electrical energy with a number of users above 50,000 units are 
defined as covered entities and have a target defined in terms of EECs to be achieved annually (from 1 
June to 31 May of the following year). 
The target quota that must be achieved by an individual distribution company is determined by the ratio 
between the quantity of natural gas and/or electrical energy distributed to its end customers, as self-
certified, and the quantity of natural gas and/or electrical energy distributed throughout the territory of 
the nation as determined and reported annually by the ARERA. 
Covered entities can achieve the targets assigned by directly performing work for energy savings or, 
alternatively, acquiring EECs on the market managed by the Gestore dei Mercati Energetici (GME) or 
through bilateral agreements with qualified operators (OTC agreements). 
The EEC mechanism was established by the Ministry of Productive Activities, in consultation with the 
Ministry of the Environment and Protection of the Land through the Ministerial Decree of 20 July 2004 
as amended. 
Following the record performance of the EECs in the obligation year 2017, that has reached the 
historical maximum price of €480.00 per EEC, the Ministerial Decree has been issued on 10 May 2018. 
This increase in the price of EECs, determined by an always shortest market, has caused significant 
losses to market operators; therefore a regulatory intervention has been necessary to make it possible, 
or in any case to favour, the fulfillment of the energy efficiency targets by electricity and gas distribution 
companies, to give stability to the market and to stop the continuous increases in the EECs prices. 
The MD 10 May 2018 has redefined the operational and technical methods for EECs' release and has 
introduced important innovations within the mechanism of EECs, in particular: 
a) 
establishes a maximum unit value for the tariff contribution (cap), equal to €250.00 per 
EEC, applicable starting from the sessions subsequent to 1 June 2018 and up to the 
sessions valid for the fulfilment of the national quantitative targets established for 2020; 
b) 
establishes that the mechanism to determine the tariff contribution, determined by 
ARERA, has to take into account the prices of trades made on the organised GME 
market in the obligation year in reference as well as the prices of the bilateral 
agreements, if less than €250.00; and 
c) 
authorizes the EECs'short-selling by the Energy Services Operator (GSE). In particular, 
starting from 15 May of each year and until the end of the year of the obligation in 
reference, GSE is authorized to issue, for and upon request of the obliged distributors, 
EECs not deriving from the implementation of energy efficiency projects, with a unit

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
value equal to the difference between €260.00 and the value of the final tariff 
contribution for the year in reference. In any case, this amount cannot exceed €15.00. 
However, this loss may be recovered, overall or partly, in the following obligation years. 
Before accessing this mechanism, the obliged distributors must purchase at least 30.0% 
of EECs in the obligation year in reference.  
Within the framework of this mechanism, the ARERA has set up a specific component of the electricity 
and/or gas distribution tariff, to enable distribution companies to recover all or part of the costs incurred 
for the purchase/obtainment of EECs. 
Annually, the ARERA decides on the mechanism for calculating the tariff contribution to cover the 
costs incurred by distributors subject to the obligations involving EECs.  
The disbursement of the total annual tariff contribution pertaining to each covered distributor is made 
by the Energy and Environmental Services Fund (CSEA). The tariff contribution paid, according to the 
weighted average prices of trades, can be lower or higher than the average purchase price of the tradable 
instruments. 
As a consequence of amendments introduced by MD 10 May 2018 to MD 11 January 2017, with the 
Resolution 487/2018/R/efr subsequently updated with the Resolution 209/2019/R/efr, ARERA has 
updated the criteria for calculating the tariff contribution to cover the costs incurred by distributors 
subject to energy efficiency targets.  
Italgas Reti has decided to start a proceeding before the competent Administrative Court (TAR Lazio) 
against such amendments introduced by MD 10 May 2018, also extended to the "Operating Guide for 
the issue of EECs pursuant to art. 14 bis of the MD 11 January 2017", and to the Resolution no. 
487/2018/R/efr, also extended to the modifications introduced by the Resolution no. 209/2019/R/efr. 
By the judgment (sentenza) of TAR Lombardia N° 2538/2019 – 28 November 2019, the TAR upheld 
(ha accolto) Italgas Reti judicial complaint (ricorso), and in particular it defined: 
a) 
the cancellation of the MD 10 May 2018, only limited to the parts of the Cap of the 
tariff contribution at €250.00 starting from 1 June 2018; 
b) 
the cancellation of the following Resolutions and in particular the Resolution no. 
487/2018/R/efr, also ex-tended to the modifications introduced by the Resolution no. 
209/2019/R/efr. 
Following such judgment, the ARERA has published in February 2020 a DCO (Document for 
Consultation) N° 47/2020/R/efr in which it proposes a new calculation method of the tariff contribution 
for the obligation years starting from 2018 and simultaneously asked the Distribution System Operators 
(DSOs) to send their opinions about it. 
ARERA, with resolution 270/2020/R/efr of 14 July 2020 set the new mechanism related to the tariff 
reimbursement for distributors involved in the energy efficiency mechanism. 
In particular ARERA decided to confirm the Euro 250 unitary tariff cap abolished by TAR, but it 
introduced at the same time: (i) a coefficient (sigma) which cushions the negative impact on the tariff 
contribution arising from sudden decrease of the average price taking place in the market; (ii) an 
additional tariff contribution (only for obligation years starting from 2019 and if the average price 
observed in the market exceeds Euro 250) up to a maximum of €10.00/EEC which operates above 
€250.00/EEC and based on to the lack of white certificates with respect to the annual target of the whole 
sector. 
Starting from November 2020, the contribution paid on account by CSEA, will be equal to €200.00/EEC.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Italgas started a proceeding before TAR Lombardia (Milan) against such resolution, as well as 
Resolution 550/2020 which set a unitary tariff contribution to €254.49/EEC for the obligation year 2019. 
This is because both resolutions, following the cancelled Resolution 487/2018, impose new losses on 
DSOs. 
 
ARERA proposes to postpone any measures related to the modifications of the annual obbligations for 
each DSO after 2020. 
Due to a shortage of EEC’S occurred in the last obligation years, in 2021 the maximum price registered 
on the GME Market has been equal to 299,99 €/EEC. To rebalance the market conditions, with the 
publication of the Ministerial Decree 21 May 2021, the Ministry for Ecological Transition (MITE) has 
set the new rules of the mechanism. In particular the new decree: 
1. imposes the reduction of the overall 2020 EEC’s obligation for GAS DSOs from 3.92 million 
EEC’S to 1.57 million EEC’s and for EE DSOs from 3.17 million EEC’s to 1.27 million EEC’s and 
the rescheduling of the future target obligations for the period 2021-2024; 
2. establishes the postponement of the 2020 compliance session from May 31, 2021 to July 16, 2021; 
3. maintains the maximum CAP for the Contribution Tariff but not a FLOOR; ARERA will be entitled 
to reshape its value over the years, taking into account the costs for the system and the obligations 
established annually by the MITE, thanks to the introduction of a “market stability mechanism” 
which allows for yearly adjustments in terms of obligations target according to the availability of 
EEC’s on the market; 
4. maintains the EECs' short-selling by the Energy Services Operator (GSE), with the costs of the 
virtual EEC related to the Contribution Tariff that cannot exceed € 15,00/ EEC, nor be less than € 
10,00 / EEC. The share of real certificates required to access the short purchase is reduced to 20% 
of the minimum annual obligation target for each DSO; 
5. introduces – in parallel to the GME market – a bottom auction system (Sistema di aste al ribasso) 
based on the pay as bid mechanism to incentivize particular types of project (the characteristics of 
this new model will be defined in the future); 
6. updates the types of the projects that can get access to the EEC’s mechanism. 
The difference between the average price for acquiring EECs and the tariff contribution recognised, 
will depend on actual market conditions; if such difference is negative, the consequent economic losses 
may have negative effects on the operations, on the results and economic and financial position of gas 
distribution companies.  
It is worth noting that Italgas has acquired Seaside, an ESCo managing a portfolio of EECs that is 
exposed to the same risk. 
On 28 June 2018, the GSE started a control procedure pursuant to art. 12 of Ministerial Decree of 11 
July 2017 on 55 packets of energy efficiency projects presented by Seaside and on standard projects 
pertaining to 5T (replacement of single glass with double glass) and 6T (building insulation) forms. 
Subsequently, with provisions of 29 March 2019 and 5 April 2019, the disqualification of the right to 
EECs in relation to 2 packets was declared, due to errors attributable to Seaside's contractual 
counterparty, while the GSE requested the provision of additional documentation in relation to the other 
packets. A suit before the TAR Lazio was filed against the notification of 5 April 2019 for the annulment 
of the same. For further information please refer to the section "Material Litigation -Other Proceedings 
- Seaside / GSE – TAR Lazio" below.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
During 2020, Seaside concluded negotiations with the main counterparty, able to cover the potential 
refund request from GSE.  
The total obligation of the Italgas Group (Italgas Reti + Toscana Energia) for the obligation year 2020 
– update following the publication of the MD 21 May 2021 has been equal to 492.107 EECs (the 
obligation year has begun on 1 December 2020 and has ended on 16 July 2021). 
With the publication of the Resolution no. 358/2021/R/efr ARERA has set the tariff contribution for 
the obligation year 2020. It is equal to €260,00 EEC and has been determined as the sum of the unit 
tariff contribution equal to the cap of €250,00 EEC and of an additional contribution unit equal to €10,00 
EEC as defined in the Resolution 270/2020. 
Following the publication of the Consultation Document (DCO) no. 359/2021- in which it plans to 
assign an additional and exceptional contribution, only for the obligation year 2020, to all DSO’s due 
to the high prices recorded as a result of the shortage of EEC available on the market- with the 
Resolution no. 547/2021 ARERA has set the value of this contribution in 7.26 €/EEC for each EEC 
bought during the period December 2020 – July 2021. 
The total obligation of the Italgas Group (Italgas Reti + Toscana Energia) for the obligation year 2021 
is equal to 172.808 EECs (the obligation year has begun on 17 July 2021 and ended on 31 May 2022). 
With the publication of the Resolution no. 292/2022/R/efr ARERA has set the tariff contribution for 
the obligation year 2021. It is equal to €253,44 EEC and has been determined as the sum of the unit 
tariff contribution equal to the cap of €250,00 EEC and of an additional contribution unit equal to €3,44 
EEC, as defined in the Resolution 270/2020. 
The total obligation of the Italgas Group for the obligation year 2022 has not been defined yet. 
Risks associated with the reimbursement provided to the outgoing operator 
With regard to gas distribution concessions, Article 14, paragraph 8 of Legislative Decree No. 164 of 
2000 establishes that the new operator is obliged, inter alia, to pay a sum to the outgoing distributor 
equal to the Reimbursement Value for the plants whose ownership is transferred from the outgoing 
distributor to the new operator. Specifically, MD 226 provides that the incoming operator acquires 
ownership of the gas distribution facilities only upon payment of the reimbursement to the outgoing 
operator, with the exception for any portions of the facilities that are already under municipal ownership 
or which become municipally owned as a result of any free donations. 
As a result of these regulations, there could be cases in which the amount to be reimbursed is lower or 
higher than the value of the Regulatory Asset Base (RAB).  
The RAB of the Italgas Group with reference to the investments made until 31 December 2021 was 
approximately €8.2 billion3, as the sum of the Local RAB (as defined in section headed "Glossary of 
Terms and Legislation relating to the Issuer" below) of approximately €7.8 billion and the Centralised 
RAB (as defined in "Glossary of Terms and Legislation relating to the Issuer" below) of approximately 
€0.3 billion.  
The Reimbursement Value of the total portfolio of the concessions of the Italgas Group, net of free 
assignments, is based on the method provided for by Article 5 of MD 226, as amended, and by the 
Guidelines (as defined in section headed "Glossary of Terms and Legislation relating to the Issuer" 
below), making an exception for concessions that, based on the aforementioned regulation, provide for 
 
3 RAB refers to the last RAB defined for regulatory purposes related to the investments made until 31 December 2021, within 
the definition of the reference tariffs and related to the companies included in the scope of consolidation of the Issuer (i.e. 
Italgas Reti, Medea, Toscana Energia).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
specific contractual stipulations regarding the calculation of the Reimbursement Value (Roma Capitale, 
City of Venice, Naples and other smaller municipalities). Pursuant to the legislation in force, these 
specific contractual agreements prevail over the general criteria set out in the Guidelines and result in: 
(i) 
prior to the issuance of Legislative Decree 164/2000, from concessions awarded by direct 
negotiation; 
(ii) 
subsequently and until the issuance of MD 226, by tender announced by individual 
municipalities with very different rules between tenders; and 
(iii) 
with the publication of MD 226 and the obligation to carry out the Local Tender Processes, 
such differences shall be overcome through the adoption of a notice and tender specifications, 
in addition to a standardised service agreement. 
It is possible that the Reimbursement Value of the concessions resulting from the Tenders, where a third 
party is an assignee, will be below the value of the RAB. Such a case could have significant negative 
effects on the assets and the balance sheet, income statement and financial position of the Italgas Group. 
In 2012, Italgas Reti won the tender awarding the concession for a natural gas distribution service in 
the municipality of Rome, which represents the most significant concession in Italgas' portfolio (Roma 
Capitale concession includes about 1.3 million redelivery points out of a total for the Italgas Group of 
about 7.7 million, equal to approximately 17%). Upon the outcome of the tender, for which the Local 
Tender Processes regulation still did not apply, a service agreement was signed for a term of 12 years, 
which is due to expire on 20 November 2024. The municipality of Rome has made the network, facilities 
and buildings instrumental to the service available to Italgas Reti for the entire term of the service 
agreement.  
The Reimbursement Value for the Roma Capitale concession was estimated as the sum of: 
(i) 
the amount paid to the municipality of Rome at the beginning of the concession (November 2012) 
as a one off payment for the management of the service, net of amortisation as of 31 December 
2021 calculated for the duration of the agreement and on the basis of the remaining Reimbursement 
Value at the end of the concession, as provided for in the agreement; and 
(ii) the value of cumulative investments starting at the beginning of the concession, in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the agreement, and, in particular, with reference to their partial 
acknowledgement within the Reimbursement Value, net of related amortisation. The contractual 
terms of the concession signed with the Roma Capitale provided that 50% of the investments made 
during the first three years of the concession will be free of charge. 
It cannot be excluded that, at the time of expiration of the service agreement, the difference between 
the Reimbursement Value and the RAB value relating to the Roma Capitale concession could be higher 
than the one estimated as of 31 December 2021. 
If concessions for municipalities previously managed by the gas distribution companies of the Italgas 
Group are awarded, based on the analysis conducted by the regulatory framework in force and under 
the scope of existing IAS/IFRS international accounting principles, the event would be represented in 
the financial statements together with the situation before the tender and thus without recording the 
greater values. 
Because of the complexity of the applicable regulations, this could result in the risk of different 
interpretations, with possible negative effects on the balance sheet, income statement and financial 
position of the Italgas Group. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no specific interpretations were noted

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
of the above-mentioned applicable legislation that could cause negative effects on the assets and the 
balance sheet, income statement and financial position of the Italgas Group. 
3) Legal, compliance and taxation risks 
Risks associated with legal proceedings and disputes  
Italgas Group is involved in civil (including labour), administrative and criminal proceedings and in 
legal actions relating to its normal business activities. According to the information currently available 
and considering the existing risks, Italgas believes that these proceedings and actions will not have 
material adverse effects on its consolidated financial statements, also considering the provisions set 
aside in relation to such proceedings, pursuant to the Italgas policies.  
With regard to litigation, it is noted that the total amount of the pertinent provision recorded in the 
consolidated financial statements on 30 June 2022 is Euro 8.9 million (Euro 13.4 million on 31 
December 2021). 
If the said judicial proceedings will conclude unfavourably for Italgas and/or the provisions set aside 
are not sufficient to cover the losses resulting from the outcome of the legal proceedings underway, 
there could be negative effects on Italgas Group's operations, results, and financial position. The same 
risk can also affect future judicial proceedings and the sufficiency of the relevant, even if updated, 
provisions. 
Legal and non-compliance risk  
Legal and non-compliance risk concerns the failure to comply, in full or in part, with the European, 
national, regional and local rules and regulations that the Italgas Group must comply with for the 
activities that it carries out. The violation of such rules and regulations may result in criminal, civil 
and/or administrative proceedings and/or sanctions, as well as damage to the Issuer's balance sheet, 
financial position and reputation. Concerning specific cases, the violation of regulations for the 
protection of workers' health and safety and of the environment, and the violation of anti-corruption 
rules or data protection rules as well as of certain tax rules and other criminal provisions, may also result 
in (potentially significant) sanctions against Italgas and its subsidiaries based on the administrative 
responsibility of entities (Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001). 
Risks associated with taxation 
Any unfavourable change in the rate of income tax, other taxes or duties applicable to the Italgas Group 
could have negative effects on the Italgas Group's operations, results, economic and financial position. 
The same can be said in case of negative results of judicial proceedings concerning tax laws and rules, 
in which Italgas and its subsidiaries are involved. 
Italgas Group companies are frequently subject to control activities by financial administrative bodies 
and taxing authorities, whose outcome may result in additional tax expenditures and fines.  
4) Financial risks  
Risk of changes in interest rates and inflation and deflation risks 
Fluctuations in interest rates affect the market value of Italgas' financial assets and liabilities and its net 
financial expense.  
As of 30 June 2022, the financial debt at floating rate is 11.1% and the one at fixed rate is 88.9%.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
As of the same date, the Italgas Group used external financial resources in the following forms: bonds 
subscribed by institutional investors, bilateral and syndicated loans with banks and other financial 
institutions, in the form of medium-to-long-term loans and bank credit lines at interest rates indexed to 
benchmark market rates, in particular the Europe Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor). 
Therefore, a rise in interest rates (Euribor) could have adverse effects on the Italgas Group's operations, 
results, balance sheet and cash flows. The Issuer's financial strategy currently includes the use of interest 
rate hedging instruments.  
Changes in the prices of goods, equipment, materials and workforce could have an impact on Italgas' 
financial results. Any change caused by inflationary or deflationary processes could have a significant 
impact on the Italgas Group's results. In particular, a prolonged period of deflation or inflation that is 
lower than forecast could have negative effects, in the long term, on the RAB value and could therefore 
adversely affect the Italgas Group's operations, results, balance sheet and cash flows.  
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the exposure of the Italgas Group to potential losses arising from counterparties' failure to 
fulfil their obligations. Default or delayed payment of consideration for services rendered and/or fees 
due may have a negative impact on the financial balance and results of the Italgas Group.  
For the risk of non-compliance by the counterparty concerning contracts of a commercial nature, the 
credit management for credit recovery and any disputes are handled by the business units and the 
centralised Italgas departments.  
The Italgas Group provides its distribution services to certain sales companies, with Eni the largest by 
revenue. The rules for user access to gas distribution service are established by ARERA and are set out 
in the Network Codes (as defined in section headed "Glossary of Terms and Legislation relating to the 
Issuer" below), or in documents that establish, for each type of service, the rules governing the rights 
and obligations of the parties involved in providing said services and have contractual conditions which 
minimise the risk of non-compliance by the clients.  
The maximum exposure of Italgas to credit risk as of 30 June 2022 is represented by the book value of 
the financial assets recorded in the consolidated half-year financial statements of the Italgas Group as 
of 30 June 2022. As shown in Note chapter 6, "Elements of risk and uncertainty", of the 2022 
consolidated half-year financial statements, as at 30 June 2022 there were no significant credit risks. 
On average, 98% of trade receivables relating to gas distribution are settled on the due date and over 
99.1% within the following 4 days, confirming the strong reliability of customers4. Receivables from 
other activities represent a non-significant portion for the Company.  
The Italgas Group may, however, incur liabilities and/or losses from the failure of its clients to comply 
with payment obligations, as well as from the failure to recover, in full or in part, payments, also given 
the current economic and financial situation, which makes the collection of receivables more complex 
and critical. Nevertheless, trade receivables deriving from the gas distribution service to customers 
without an adequate rating are covered, according to the criteria defined in the Network Codes, by a 
financial guarantee provided by a primary banking or insurance institution. 
Risks associated with the rating of the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term rating is "BBB+ - stable outlook" by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) and "Baa2 - negative outlook" by Moody’s France SAS (Moody's), 
 
4 For further details see the Explanatory note to the Consolidated half-year financial statements no. 26 “Guarantees, 
commitments and risks - financial risks”.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd (each a Rating Agency and together the Rating Agencies). 
On 9 August 2022, as a consequence of the outlook change to negative from stable on the Italian 
government's Baa3 debt rating carried out by Moody’s on 5 August 2022, the rating agency revised 
Italgas’ outlook to negative from stable. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch and Moody's are established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Generally, a credit rating assesses the credit worthiness of an 
entity and informs an investor about the probability of the entity being able to redeem invested capital. 
It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
Credit ratings play a critical role in determining the costs for entities accessing the capital market in 
order to borrow funds and the rate of interest they can achieve. A decrease in credit ratings by Moody's 
and/or Fitch may increase borrowing costs or even jeopardise further issuance. The prices of the existing 
bonds may deteriorate following a downgrade. 
In addition, the Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to risk in reductions of the sovereign credit 
rating of the Republic of Italy.  
Based on the methodologies adopted by the rating agencies, a downgrade of one notch in the Italian 
Republic's current rating could trigger a downward adjustment in Italgas' current rating. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that new financial resources may not be available (funding liquidity risk) or 
that the company may be unable to convert assets into cash on the market (asset liquidity risk), meaning 
that it cannot meet its payment commitments. This may affect profit or loss should the company incur 
extra costs to meet its commitments or, in extreme cases, lead to insolvency and threaten the company’s 
future as a going concern. 
In addition to the availability of bond issues to be placed with institutional investors under the present 
Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) programme, as at 30 June 2022 Italgas has significant amount of 
unrestricted cash available on bank accounts (1,341.7 million euros). These funds may be used to 
address possible liquidity needs, where necessary, if the actual borrowing requirement is higher than 
estimated. 
Italgas aims at establishing a financial structure that, in line with its business objectives, ensures a level 
adequate for the Group in terms of the duration and composition of the debt. The achievement of this 
financial structure will take place through the monitoring of certain key parameters, such as the ratio 
between debt and the RAB, the ratio between short-term and medium-/long-term debt, the ratio between 
fixed rate and floating rate debt and the ratio between bank credit granted and bank credit used. 
Risk of acceleration  
The risk of acceleration consists of the possibility that the loan contracts which have been concluded 
contain provisions that provide the lender with the ability to activate contractual protections that could 
result in the early repayment of the loan in the event of the occurrence of specific events, thereby 
generating a potential liquidity risk.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has unsecured bilateral and syndicated loan agreements 
in place with banks and other financial institutions. Some of these contracts provide, inter alia, for the 
following: (i) negative pledge commitments pursuant to which the Issuer and its subsidiaries are subject

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
to limitations concerning the pledging of real property rights or other restrictions on all or part of the 
respective assets, shares or merchandise; (ii) pari passu and change-of-control clauses; and (iii) 
limitations on certain extraordinary transactions that the Issuer and its subsidiaries may carry out.  
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer as part of the Programme provide for compliance with covenants 
that reflect international market practices regarding, inter alia, negative pledge and pari passu clauses. 
Failure to comply with these covenants, and the occurrence of other events, some of which are subject 
to specific threshold values such as cross-default events, could trigger the early repayment of the related 
loan. The occurrence of one or more of the aforementioned scenarios could have a negative effect on 
the Italgas Group's operations, results, balance sheet and cash flows. 
Structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes 
The Issuer is organised as a holding company that conducts essentially all of its operations through its 
direct and indirect subsidiaries and depends primarily on the earnings and cash flows of, and the 
distribution of funds from, these subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations, including its obligations under 
the Notes.  
The subsidiaries have no obligations, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due under the Notes 
or to make funds available to the Issuer to enable it to pay any amounts due under the Notes. Generally, 
creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness 
and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, and preferred shareholders, if any, of the subsidiary, will be 
entitled to the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon 
liquidation or winding up. As a result, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes issued by it may 
effectively be subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities, including the right 
of trade creditors and preferred shareholders, if any, of the Issuer's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The 
Issuer's subsidiaries have other liabilities, including contingent liabilities, which could be substantial.  
International financial markets  
At the date of this Base Prospectus several governments, international and supranational organisations 
and monetary authorities have put in place a number of actions to increase liquidity in financial markets, 
in order to boost global gross domestic product growth and mitigate the possibility of default by certain 
European countries on their sovereign debt obligations. It remains difficult to predict the effect of these 
measures on the economy and on the financial system. Termination, in whole or in part, of such actions 
may cause a decrease of liquidity in the financial markets and thus adversely influence the Issuer's 
ability to access the capital markets. This could materially and adversely affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
5) Social and environmental risks  
Risks associated with the ongoing infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome 
coronavirus 2 (COVID-19) and the pandemic resulting therefrom  
The diffusion of the health crisis deriving from the spread of the COVID-19, which was qualified as a 
pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO) on 11 March 2020, continues to have, and could 
have for an unforeseeable period, important health, social and economic consequences at a global level. 
In addition to the worsening of the global macroeconomic scenario and the risk of deterioration of the 
credit profile of a considerable number of countries (including Italy), the mentioned pandemic has 
already led to significant slowdowns in many business activities.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
COVID-19 has caused and is continuing to cause significant uncertainty in both domestic and global 
financial markets and could have an impact on the business environment as well as on the legal, tax and 
regulatory framework. 
Italgas has put in place all the necessary measures to safeguard the activities of its employees, 
contractors and users while maintaining its capacity and operating efficiency in the interest of its 
stakeholders. 
However, the risk that such events may have repercussions on the Issuer’ operating context and the 
resulting economic and financial framework in the event of a possible reappearance of pandemic 
phenomena, cannot be ruled out in the future. 
Risks associated with climate change  
Climate change entails risks that, if not anticipated and monitored, could impact Italgas’ operational 
continuity and results. As regards to physical risks, the potential increase in the frequency of extremely 
intense natural events in the places where Italgas operates could cause the more or less prolonged 
unavailability of assets and infrastructure, an increase in repair and insurance costs, service interruption, 
a reduction in the number of active redelivery points served, etc. With reference to the ongoing energy 
transition process, there are elements of uncertainty related to the possible change in the Italian and EU 
legislative and regulatory context and financial markets, as well as technological development and 
developments in the energy market and consumption.  
Italgas is engaged on various fronts with the aim of helping to achieve global climate targets. Regarding 
current perimeter, i.e. excluding any changes following M&As, Depa Infrastructure’s acquisition and 
ATEM (Minimum Territorial Area) tenders, the Strategic Plan 2021-2028 set -34% target of Scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions reduction compared to 2020. Furthermore, the Italgas Group has also set further 
targets in line with the main timelines defined by the Green Deal, planning a 42% reduction in GHG 
emissions by 2030 and a “Net Zero Carbon Target” by 2050, based on GHG reduction’s initiatives and 
on carbon removal activities. 
The Group, furthermore, defined a target for Scope 3 from supply chain GHG emissions, planning a 
30% reduction by 2028 and a 33% reduction by 2030 compared to 2020 (same perimeter of above), 
through increased engagement with its suppliers. Also for Scope 3 emissions, the Group set itself a “Net 
Zero Carbon Target” to 2050. 
In addition to that, Italgas set a target for net energy consumption envisaging 27% reduction within 
2028 and 33% reduction within 2030, compared to 2020 baseline and taking into account a constant 
perimeter. 
Moreover Italgas is committed in transforming more than 74,000 kilometres of networks into digital 
infrastructures enabling the distribution of gases other than methane, such as hydrogen and biomethane, 
promoting sustainable mobility by connection CNG charging stations to the network for normal and 
heavy goods vehicles nationwide, and contributing to the development of power-to-gas technology to 
produce gas that can be used in the existing networks through renewable energy storage systems and 
by conducting energy efficiency projects. Italgas continues in its commitment to promoting responsible 
business practices, confirming its compliance with the United Nations Global Compact, the largest 
voluntary initiative at global level with regard to sustainability aspects. Italgas also joined UNEP’s 
OGMP 2.0 Initiative for the voluntary reporting of a credible path for the reduction of methane 
emissions, consistent with Scope 1 GHG reduction target mentioned above.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Risks associated with environmental protection and the restoration of polluted site 
Environmental risks may affect the activities and/or the building/development of Italgas Group and of 
new networks by the newly acquired companies. 
Italgas Group is and may in the future be subject to reclamation obligations relating to certain sites 
where an industrial activity has been carried out in the past, like the distillation of coal for gas production 
or oil cracking for gas production. The environmental obligations include also the removal and 
decommissioning of obsolete facilities and machinery and the disposal of material containing asbestos.  
At 30 June 2022, Italgas Group’s provision for risks associated with the reclamation amounted to 79.2 
million euros. This represents the best estimate at the reporting date to cover all the costs and liabilities 
relating to the fulfilment of requirements set out in the current regulations. To cover the liabilities 
estimated in relation to the formalities required by the law in effect, a special fund has been set up. 
Since 2001, the competent authorities have been notified of the risk provision made for each site, based 
on the amounts established from specific assessments made by engineering companies specialising in 
the sector. The amount of the provision is adjusted according to determinations, always certified by 
independent entities, that might emerge during the process of reclamation required by law. It is possible 
that, during the planning phases for reclamation, the assessment of the risks associated with the site to 
be reclaimed, and the estimated resources required to implement the relative action plan, will be updated 
to cover all the costs and liabilities arising from the environmental restoration activities required by law. 
It is possible, however, that if Italgas Group companies were to incur costs exceeding the amounts 
budgeted for or established pursuant to the aforementioned agreements, there would be negative effects 
on the Italgas Group's operations, balance sheet and cash flows.  
In addition, Medea S.p.A. (Medea), a distribution company based in Sassari, operates natural gas and 
LPG network. The last four LPG storages are in the big cities of Cagliari, Sassari, Oristano and Nuoro 
and have to be operated in compliance with the "Seveso Directive" (Directive 2012/18/EU), which was 
implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree 105/2015 (which has replaced Legislative Decree 334/1999). 
Medea also manages more than 60 LNG plants, serving the new digital networks where the company 
started the natural gas distribution since December 2020). 
Risks associated with environmental, health and safety protection 
The activities that the Italgas Group engages in present certain hazard profiles. There is also a possibility 
that the performance of such activities will cause harm to third parties and/or Italgas employees. The 
Italgas Group is subject to national and European rules and regulations on environmental, and health 
and safety protection, to safeguard both third parties and Italgas Group employees.  
As part of its activities, Italgas uses hazardous or potentially hazardous products. Furthermore, some of 
the activities it carries out that are not currently considered harmful, or whose hazardous nature has not 
yet been proven, could be considered harmful in the future as a result of amendments to the regulatory 
framework. The Italgas Group and the sites where it operates are subject to rules and regulations 
(including town planning regulations) on pollution, environmental protection and the use and disposal 
of hazardous substances and waste. These rules and regulations expose Italgas to costs and liabilities 
relating to its activities and facilities, including those relating to sites used for the disposal of waste or 
the decommissioning of facilities. The costs and expenses generated by the environmental restoration 
obligations that the Italgas Group may incur are subject to different variables, such as the seriousness 
of the pollution, the corrective measures necessary and the extent of Italgas liability. These elements 
are, by their very nature, difficult to estimate.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Italgas cannot predict whether, and to what extent, environmental regulations may become more 
restrictive over time, and cannot guarantee that the costs and expenses necessary to comply with its 
obligations under environmental regulations will not increase, or that these costs will be recoverable 
through the tariff mechanism and the applicable regulations. Substantial increases in the costs and 
expenses necessary in order to fulfil the obligations referred to in the environmental rules, or other costs 
and fines, may have adverse negative effects on the reputation, and on the operations, results and 
economic and financial position, of the Italgas Group. 
RISKS FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1) Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Notes: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider the reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to Condition 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)), (i) 
there is no obligation under such Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 20 per cent. 
or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes remains outstanding, and 
(ii) the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing market rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to any Second-party Opinions which may be provided in respect of any Step Up Notes 
(also referred to as “Sustainability-linked Notes”)  
The Issuer intends to publish a sustainable finance framework (the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework) which will be available on Issuer’s website at www.italgas.it. The Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Framework will evidence how the Company is willing to support its sustainability strategy and 
vision via the utilisation of various sustainability-linked financing instruments, in accordance with the 
the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (the SLBP) administered by the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA). The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework will be reviewed by an 
independent second party opinion provider of internationally recognised standing appointed by the 
Issuer to provide a Second-party Opinion confirming the alignment of the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework with the SLBP (the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework Second-party Opinion). 
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework Second-party Opinion or any other opinion, report or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Step Up Notes (together with the Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Framework Second-party Opinion, the Second-party Opinions) may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of any Step Up Notes issued under the Programme. Any Second-party 
Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current 
as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework Second-party 
Opinion or any other relevant Second-party Opinion may affect the value of any such Step Up Notes 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-
linked assets. Italgas does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision 
to the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date of publication of the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and, therefore, an update or 
a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework Second-party Opinion may or may not be 
requested to an independent second party opinion provider of internationally recognised standing 
appointed by the Issuer. 
Moreover, Second-party Opinion providers are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Any Second-party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer, any member of the Italgas Group, the Dealers, any Second-party Opinion providers, the 
External Verifier (as defined in Condition 4.3 (Step Up Option)) or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any Step Up Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider 
of any Second-party Opinion for the contents of any such Second-party Opinion, which is only current 
as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any Second-party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
Second-party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Step Up Notes. Any withdrawal of any 
Second-party Opinion or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Italgas Group is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is opining on or 
certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Step Up Notes and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Step Up Notes (“Sustainability-linked Notes”) may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics  
Although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the Conditions), such Notes may 
not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets 
with sustainability characteristics. Step Up Notes may or may not be marketed as green bonds, social 
bonds or sustainable bonds depending on whether the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds 
for general corporate purposes or if the Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects 
or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, the positive social outcomes 
criteria, a combination of the same or to be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds, 
social bonds or sustainable bonds. The intended use of proceeds in respect of any issue of Step Up Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. See also “Risks related to any Second-party Opinions 
which may be provided in respect of any Notes issued as Step Up Notes (also referred to as 
“Sustainability-linked Notes”)” above, and “In respect of any Notes issued as “Sustainability-Linked 
Notes”, "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds", or “Sustainability Bonds” there can be no assurance that 
such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor” below.  
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of Step Up Notes depends on a definition of, as the 
case may be, Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions and/or Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions and/or 
Net Energy Consumptions that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other 
definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions and/or energy consumption.  
The Issuer defines Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions as emissions from the civil consumption of gas, from 
industrial consumption of gas for preheating, from fuel consumptions for vehicles and grid losses and 
from the consumption of electricity purchase and district, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and 
reported in its Integrated Annual Report. The Issuer defines Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions 
as emission from outsourced activities (Purchased goods and services, Capital goods, Upstream 
transportation and distribution, Waste generated in operations, Upstream leased assets), as calculated 
in good faith by the Issuer and reported in its Integrated Annual Report. The Issuer defines Net Energy 
Consumptions as fuel energy consumption for vehicles and thermal energy consumption for civil use, 
without considering the consumption of auto-produced energy, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer 
and reported in its Integrated Annual Report. In each case, the Issuer has not obtained third-party 
analysis of its definition of Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions or Scope 3 from supply chain GHG 
Emissions or Net Energy Consumptions or related definitions or how such definitions relate to any 
sustainability-related standards other than (a) its Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework which will be 
reviewed by an independent second party opinion provider of internationally recognised standing 
appointed by the Issuer (in order to confirm alignment with ICMA’s Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Principles) and (b) the limited assurance veritifcation of its sustainability performance targets against 
key performance indicators by the Issuer’s auditors in respect of its Integrated Annual Report.  
Although the Issuer targets (i)  decreasing its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and 
2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions) and (ii) decreasing the energy 
consumed, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any 
future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding 
or nonbinding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and 
operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of these targets or such investments may 
become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. Indeed, a Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Reduction Event shall not occur in the case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Condition,  and/or a Scope 3 from supply chain GHG

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Emissions Reduction Event shall not occur in the case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the a Scope 
3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Condition, and/or a Net Energy Consumption 
Reduction Event shall not occur in the case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Net Energy 
Consumption Reduction Condition, in each case as a result of certain events described in the Conditions. 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to 
repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuer fails to reduce its Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions and 
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions and Net Energy Consumptions. 
In respect of any Notes issued as "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds", or “Sustainability Bonds” there 
can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply, in whole or in part, the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for (i) projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (Eligible Green Projects) or 
(ii) projects with positive social outcomes (Eligible Social Projects) or (iii) a combination of Eligible 
Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects, in accordance with the principles set out by ICMA 
(respectively, the green bond principles (the Green Bond Principles or GBP) or the social bond 
principles (the Social Bond Principles or SBP) or the sustainability bond guidelines (the Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines or SBG)).   
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Notes and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no 
assurance can be given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group or the Dealers that the use of such 
net proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of the foregoing 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether under any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment) or 
under its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" "social" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market 
consensus will not significantly change. Accordingly, there is a risk that any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green" "social" or 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives.  
A basis for the determination of such definitions has been established in the EU with the publication in 
the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change 
mitigation and adaption (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) adopted by 
the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the co-
legislators (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the EU Taxonomy Regulation). The final social taxonomy report 
on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy was published by the Platform on 
Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. The Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated 
Acts entered into force on 1 January 2022. In addition, on 10 March 2022 the European Commission

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
adopted the EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and gas 
activities, which is expected to enter into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the 
European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 (the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) which is expected to apply from 1 
January 2023. Any further delegated act that is adopted by the EU Commission in the implementation 
of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to 
reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of the foregoing and to obtain the relevant opinion 
or certification of any third party which may be made available in connection with the issue of any such 
Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this. Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes 
for any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of the foregoing as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any negative change in such opinion or 
certification or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market 
conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal 
frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to 
the GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes may have a 
negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any "Green Bonds","Social Bonds" issued prior 
to their implementation. 
Investors should also consider that the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the Green Bond Principles or Social Bond Principles, any verification of whether the 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of the foregoing comply with the 
meet the Green Bond Principles or Social Bond Principles, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.  
See also “Risks related to any Second-party Opinions which may be provided in respect of any Step Up 
Notes (also referred to as “Sustainability-linked Notes”)” above. 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Notes, such as Inflation 
Linked Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes and Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes. In 
particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index, in the case 
of Inflation Linked Notes, or with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate, in the case of CMS 
Linked Interest Notes or the Constant Maturity BTP Rate, in the case of Constant Maturity BTP Linked 
Interest Notes (each, a Relevant Factor). Potential investors should be aware that: 
a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
b) 
they may receive no interest; 
c) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time 
than expected; 
d) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates or other indices;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
e) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
f) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of a Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes 
linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an Inflation 
Linked Redemption Note or a combination of the two) where the amount of principal (subject to the 
amount of principal payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the nominal value of the 
Notes) and/or interest payable are dependent upon the level of an inflation/consumer price index or 
indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest, and (ii) payment of 
principal, and/or interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial 
portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the level of the inflation/consumer price 
index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices, and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices 
may affect the actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event provisions 
(such as the delay and disruption provisions described in Condition 4.4.2 (Inflation Index delay and 
disruption provisions) and any Additional Disruption Events as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). Relevant events may relate to an inflation/consumer price index publication being delayed or 
ceasing or such index being rebased or modified. If the Calculation Agent (as defined in the Conditions 
of the Notes) determines that any such event has occurred, this may delay valuations under, and/or 
payments in respect of, the Notes and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes. Any such 
adjustments may be by reference to a Related Bond, as defined in the applicable Final Terms if so 
specified therein. In addition, certain extraordinary or disruption events may lead to early redemption 
of the Notes, which may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Whether and how such 
provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be ascertained by reading the Inflation Linked Notes 
Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the 
inflation/consumer price index or the indices on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the Notes 
are linked may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. Any 
movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes (if 
applicable) or, in the case of Notes with a redemption amount linked to inflation, in a reduction of the 
amount payable on redemption or settlement.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of 
inflation comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Notes, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments and/or the redemption amount of 
Inflation Linked Notes are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant jurisdiction or area, 
and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by Noteholders in such 
jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to 
the maturity date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or consumer price index or 
indices. The level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices may be affected by the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions or areas. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features.  
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including, without limitation, 
EURIBOR, CMS Rate, Constant Maturity BTP Rate, CPI - ITL and HICP) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of 
the EU on 29 June 2016 and applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation), among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”.  
Furthermore, separate workstreams are underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid 
methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight 
risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate. 
€STR has been published by the ECB since 2 October 2019, reflecting trading activity since 1 October

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding 
principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The 
guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what 
extent, the relevant "benchmark" will continue to be supported going forwards and the relevant 
"benchmark" may perform differently than it has done in the past, and may have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any of these changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant benchmarks, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest or 
other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative 
reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. In certain circumstances, the fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest or other 
amounts payable under the Notes may be based upon a determination to be made by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or by an independent adviser appointed by the Issuer. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an independent adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time and in the event of a permanent discontinuation of any benchmark, the Issuer may be 
unable to appoint an independent adviser or the independent adviser may be unable to determine a 
successor rate or alternative rate. In these circumstances, where any benchmark has been discontinued, 
the Rate of Interest will revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Period or, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate 
of Interest. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
2) Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme  
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
As provided under Article 2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code, the Noteholders 
may, by an Extraordinary Resolution passed by a specific majority, modify the Conditions of the Notes 
(these modifications may relate to, without limitation, the maturity of the Notes or the dates on which 
interest is payable on them; the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes; or the currency of payment 
of the Notes). These and other changes to the Conditions of the Notes may adversely impact 
Noteholders' rights and may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to 
make gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and 
could significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of 
indebtedness which the Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-
up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with other unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuer and, 
accordingly, any increase in the amount of unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuer in the future 
may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as 
provided in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by 
the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over assets of the 
Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, such 
indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer in 
respect of such assets.  
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicts of interests may arise. While such Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities, from time to time, be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
3) Risks related to the market  
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types 
of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, European regulated investors are restricted under the 
CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances whilst the registration application is pending). Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU -registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of the relevant rating agency changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may 
have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In 
the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings 
can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, in each case subject 
to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case 
of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued 
use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions 
are satisfied. 
If the status of the relevant rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK (as applicable) and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in such regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in any secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be entirely incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
Luxembourg, and are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at www.bourse.lu. In 
addition the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available at the following 
dedicated section of the Issuer's website https://www.italgas.it/en/investors/debt-rating/emtn-program/.  
 
(a) 
the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report: the condensed consolidated half-year financial statements 
of Italgas Group as at and for the six months period ended 30 June 2022 (available at 
https://www.italgas.it/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/Documents-incorporated-by-
reference_2022-Half-Year-Financial-Report.pdf), as set out at the following pages: 
 
Index  
Interim Directors’ Report 
Group structure as at 30 June 2022 
Summary figures and information  
Pages 1 to 6 
Pages 7 to 10 
Page 11 
Pages 12 to 16 
Italgas and the financial markets 
Pages 17 to 20 
Operating Performance 
Pages 21 to 28 
Legislative and regulatory framework 
Pages 29 to 34 
Comment on the economic and financial results 
Pages 35 to 56 
Other Information  
Pages 57 to 60 
Coronavirus emergency and Business Outlook 
Pages 79 to 82 
Glossary 
Page 83 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 84 to 87 
Income Statement 
Pages 88 to 89 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 89 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
Pages 90 to 93 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 94 to 95 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Half-Year Financial Statements  
Pages 96 to 145 
Management Representations 
Page 146 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Annexes to the Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
Pages 147 to 148 
Pages 151 to 154 
 
(b) 
the 2021 Financial Report: the audited consolidated financial statements of Italgas Group as of 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (available at https://www.italgas.it/wp-
content/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/Documents-incorporated-by-reference_2021-Integrated-
Annual-Report.pdf), as set out at the following pages:  
 
Corporate bodies 
Italgas Group structure as at 31 December 2021 
Pages 1 to 6 
Page 7

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Index 
Letter to shareholders and stakeholders 
Pages 8 to 10 
Pages 11 to 13 
2021 Highlights  
Pages 14 to 17 
Methodological note Integrated Annual Report 2021 
Pages 18 to 32 
The Italgas Group value creation process  
Pages 33 to 48  
Strategy and forward-looking vision 
Pages 49 to 58 
Governance, risks and opportunities 
Pages 59 to 64 and 
78 to 88 
Summary figures and information 
Pages 89 to 98  
Italgas Group performance  
Pages 99 to 168 
Comment on the economic and financial results and other information 
Information on the activities that are eligible and non-eligible to the 
Taxonomy of sustainable investments 
Pages 169 to 210 
Pages 211 to 213 
“Information on the recommentadions of the task force on climate-
related financial disclosure (TCFD)” table 
Pages 214 to 216 
Independent Auditor’s Report related to the consolidated non-financial 
statement 
Pages 217 to 220 
Glossary 
Pages 221 to 224 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 225 to 227 
Income Statement 
Pages 228 to 229 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 229 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
Pages 230 to 233 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 234 to 235 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 236 to 325 
Statements from Management 
Page 326  
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 327 to 333 
 
(c) 
the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report: the condensed consolidated half-year financial statements 
of Italgas Group as at and for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 (available at 
https://www.italgas.it/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/Documents-incorporated-by-
reference_2021-Half-Year-Financial-Report.pdf), as set out at the following pages: 
 
Index  
Summary figures and information  
Pages 1 to 7 
Pages 8 to 12 
Italgas and the financial markets 
Pages 13 to 16 
Operating Performance 
Pages 17 to 26 
Legislative and regulatory framework 
Pages 27 to 32 
Comment on the economic and financial results 
Pages 33 to 56 
Other Information  
Pages 57 to 60

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Coronavirus emergency and Business Outlook 
Pages 79 to 81 
Glossary 
Pages 82 to 86 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 87 to 89 
Income Statement 
Page 90 to 91 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 91 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
Pages 92 to 97 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 98 to 99 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Half-Year Financial Statements  
Pages 100 to 159 
Management Representations 
Page 160 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Page 162 
 
(d) 
the 2020 Financial Report: the audited consolidated financial statements of Italgas Group as of 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (available at https://www.italgas.it/wp-
content/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/Documents-incorporated-by-reference_2020-Integrated-
Annual-Report.pdf), as set out at the following pages:  
 
Index 
Letter to shareholders and stakeholders 
Pages 1 to 7 
Pages 8 to 11 
2020 Highlights  
Pages 12 to 13 
Methodological note Integrated Annual Report 2020 consolidate non-
financial statement ex D.Lgs. 254/2016 
Pages 14 to 26 
The Italgas Group value creation process  
Pages 27 to 42  
Strategy and forward-looking vision 
Pages 43 to 48 
Governance, risks and opportunities 
Pages 51 to 56 and 
70 to 78 
Summary figures and information 
Pages 79 to 88  
Italgas Group performance  
Pages 89 to 148 
Comment on the economic and financial results and other information 
Pages 149 to 193 
“Information on the recommentadions of the task force on climate-
related financial disclosure (TCFD)” table 
Pages 194 to 195 
Independent Auditor’s Report related to the consolidated non-financial 
statement 
Pages 196 to 199 
Glossary 
Pages 200 to 204 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 205 to 207 
Income Statement 
Page 208 to 209 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 209 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
Pages 210 to 213 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 214 to 215

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 216 to 301 
Statements from Management 
Page 302  
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 303 to 309 
 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 7 October 
2021 (as supplemented on 28 January 2022), pages 77 to 123 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme (the 2021 Conditions) (available at https://www.italgas.it/wp-
content/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/Documents-incorporated-by-reference%E2%80%93Base-
Prospectus-7-October-2021-Terms-and-Conditions.pdf); 
 
(f) 
the section entitled “c) TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES” of the supplement dated 
28 January 2022 to the previous Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2021, on page 3 (available at 
https://www.italgas.it/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2022/09/Documents-incorporated-by-
reference%E2%80%93First-Supplement-to-the-Base-Prospectus-dated-7-October-2021.pdf). 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference table above but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated by reference referred to above, the information on any website to 
which this Base Prospectus refers to does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will: 
▪ 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
▪ 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
the Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has 
occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and an ISIN and, if applicable, a CFI and a FISN, 
which are different from the common code and ISIN and, if applicable, CFI and FISN, assigned to 
Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 
(Events of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and 
the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions 
of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in 
such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed 
of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 26 October 2022 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a supplement to the Base Prospectus, a new Base 
Prospectus or a drawdown prospectus, in the case of listed Notes only, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
 
5 Legend to be included if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document is prepared 
or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the legend should be included. 
6 Legend to be included if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the legend should be included.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (as amended, 
“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (as amended, the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]7 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE "SFA") 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to be capital markets products other than: 
(a) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]8  
[Date] 
Italgas S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 815600F25FF44EF1FA76 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART 1 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the Prospectus Regulation) (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and copies may be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer]. The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the 
professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the 
 
7 The reference to the UK MiFIR product governance legend may not be necessary if the Managers in relation to the Notes are 
also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product 
governance legend or both are included. 
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not 
constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
following dedicated section of the Issuer's website https://www.italgas.it/en/investors/debt-rating/emtn-
program. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 2021 Conditions which 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2022. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
26 October 2022 [and the supplements] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the 
2021 Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [[and the supplements] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]]]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplements to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing [at [website]] 
[and] during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer [and copies may be obtained 
from the registered office of the Issuer]. The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and on the following dedicated section of the Issuer's website https://www.italgas.it/en/investors/debt-
rating/emtn-program.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
(as 
referred 
to 
under 
the 
introduction to the Terms & 
Conditions of the Notes) 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date in which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued 
interest 
from 
[insert 
date] 
(if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
(as referred to under Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title)) 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. 
Notes 
must 
have 
a 
minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent).) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
(as referred to under Condition 4.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes) 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(as referred to under Condition 4 (Interest)) 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or Zero Coupon Notes – specify 
date/

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Floating rate or Inflation Linked Notes – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ]% Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
 
[[[  ] month EURIBOR] +/- [ ]% Floating Rate[, 
subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest[, subject 
to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Floating Rate: Constant Maturity BTP Linked 
Interest[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
(as 
referred 
to 
under 
Condition 
6 
(Redemption and Purchase)) 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100%]/[  ]% of their 
nominal 
amount9] 
/ 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption (see Item 19)] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [13/14] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] 
applies][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
(as referred to under Conditions 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) and 6.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put))) 
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained 
[       ] [and [       ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes)  
 
9 Notes will always be redeemed at least 100 per cent. of the nominal value.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(as referred to under Condition 4.1 (Interest 
on Fixed Rate Notes)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option] 
 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is – delete unless 
the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option] 
[  ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to 
the Step Up Option] 
(If payable other than annually, consider 
amending Condition 4 (Interest)) 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
(as referred to under Condition 4.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 
below) - delete unless the Notes are subject to 
the Step Up Option] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention Set out in (b) 
below, not subject to any adjustment as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate]/[Constant Maturity BTP Rate]. 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Euro-zone 
(where Euro-zone means the region comprised 
of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)/New 
York/specify 
other 
Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
Reference Currency: [     ] 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate) 
 
Designated Maturity: [     ] 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate and for 
Constant Maturity BTP Rate) 
 
Specified Time: [     ] in [     ] 
(only relevant for CMS Reference Rate and for 
Constant Maturity BTP Rate) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period]  
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro or a Constant Maturity BTP 
Rate): [Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second [specify 
type of day] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
(In the case of Constant Maturity BTP Linked 
Interest Notes, specify relevant screen page[, 
which is expected to be Bloomberg page 
GBTPGRN Index, where N is the Designated 
Maturity,] and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
• 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest: 
[     ]  
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(In the case of an EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period. In the case of 
Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes 
or CMS Linked Interest Notes, if based on euro 
the first day of the Interest Period and if other, 
to be checked) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[The Initial Margin is – delete unless the Notes 
are Step Up Notes] [+/-] [  ]% per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
(as referred to under Condition 6.7(c) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
- 
Early 
Redemption Amounts)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
16. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(as referred to under Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[   ]  
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[   ]  
(c) 
Reference Source(s): 
[   ]  
 
 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [   ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [   ]  
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Month: 
[   ]  
(g) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
End Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(j) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[   ]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(k) 
DIR(0): 
[   ] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(n) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Trade Date: 
[   ] 
(p) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
(q) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
(r) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[[   ]%] 
(s) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(t) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention Set out in (u) 
below, not subject to any adjustment as the 
Business Day Convention in (u) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(u) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(w) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
17. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Step Up Event: 
[Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction 
Event] [and] [Scope 3 from supply chain GHG

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Emissions Reduction Event] [and] [Net Energy 
Consumption Reduction Event] 
 
(In relation to a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reduction Event only:) 
[(i) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction 
Threshold: [●]] 
 
(In relation to a Scope 3 from supply chain 
GHG Emissions Reduction Event only:) 
[(i) Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions 
Reduction Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions 
Reduction Threshold: [●]] 
 
(In relation to a Net Energy Consumption 
Reduction Event only:) 
[(i) Net Energy Consumption Reduction 
Reference Date: [●] 
(ii) Net Energy Consumption Reduction 
Threshold: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum.  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
(as referred to under Condition 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call))) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/any date 
from, and including, the Issue Date to but 
excluding [ ] (being the date that is 90 days prior 
to the Maturity Date)]/[and] [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount in the period (the Par Call Period) 
from and including [insert date] (the Par Call 
Period 
Commencement 
Date) 
to 
but 
excluding [date]] and [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ] /in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(if Make-Whole Amount is selected, include the 
following items) 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[   ]%] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond:  
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers:  
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[   ]] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions) 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]  
[Maximum period: [ ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Clean-Up Call (Condition 6.5 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up 
Call))): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
[Clean-Up Call Threshold:] 
[•][specify percentage] 
(b) 
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions) 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]  
[Maximum period: [ ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
(as referred to under Condition 6.6 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Noteholders (Investor Put))) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
22. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[   ]  
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[   ]  
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [   ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [   ]  
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Month: 
[   ]  
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
End Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts: 
[   ] 
(j) 
DIR(0): 
[   ] 
(k) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(l) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Redemption Determination Date: 
[   ] 
(o) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: 
[   ]%

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
(as referred to under Condition 6.1 
(Redemption at Maturity) and, in the case of 
Inflation Linked Notes, Conditions 6.11 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and 
6.12 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption)) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/(in the case of 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes:) as per 
Conditions 6.11 (Redemption of Inflation 
Linked Notes) and Condition 6.12 (Calculation 
of Inflation Linked Redemption)  
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or pursuant to Condition 4.4 
(Inflation Linked Note Provisions): 
(as referred to under Condition 6.7 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) and, in the case of 
Inflation Linked Notes, Conditions 6.11 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and 
6.12 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption)) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount] / [As per 
Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any 
time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]." Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.)]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
(as referred to under Condition 5.5 
(Payment Day)) 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which subparagraph 14(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
(as referred to under the Introduction to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Italgas S.p.A.: 
By: ......................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
PART 2 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: [Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on professional segment of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and listing on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [ ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the professional segment of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and listing on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [ ].]/ [Not 
Applicable.] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ]/ [Not Applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].] 
(Include brief explanation of rating if available) 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) but the 
rating issued by it is endorsed by [insert 
endorsing credit rating agency] which is 
established in the European Union and [is 
registered under the CRA Regulation] [has 
applied 
for 
registration 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority].] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) but is 
certified 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert Credit Rating Agency] is not established 
in the European Union and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating given by it is not 
endorsed by a Credit Rating Agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the [United Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered 
with the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance 
with] / [certified under] [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”)]]]10 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and 
[its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
 
10 Insert the relevant clause for Notes which are admitted to trading on the UK regulated market and which have been assigned 
a rating.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS,  
(i) 
Use of proceeds 
(ii)         Estimated net proceeds: 
  
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATE (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS/Constant Maturity BTP] rates can be obtained [free of 
charge]/[at a charge] from [Reuters]]/[Not Applicable]] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON 
VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS* 
(N.B. Specify "Not Applicable" unless the Notes are securities to which Annex 17 to the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the "Commission Delegated Regulation") 
applies) 
The 
final reference 
price 
of 
the 
underlying: 
[[As set out in Condition 4.2(C) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes - Rate of Interest – 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes)/As set out in 
Condition 6.12 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption)] /[Not Applicable]] 
An indication where information about 
the past and the further performance of 
the underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge: 
[ ] 
The name of the index: 
[[CPI - ITL / HICP] as defined in Annex 1 to the 
Base Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]] 
The place where information about the 
index can be obtained, and whether or not 
it can be obtained free of charge: 
[The information may be obtained [free of 
charge / at a charge] on [Bloomberg Page 
ITCPIUNR or its replacement and the website 
[●] 
/ 
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
* Required for securities to which Annex 17 to the Commission Delegated Regulation applies.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
[(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(c) 
FISN:  
[[ ], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
CFI: 
 
[[ ], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(f) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ]/[Not applicable] 
(g) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 13 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(h) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[  ] 
(d) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
10. 
[BENCHMARKS 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable] / [[Benchmark] provided by 
[Benchmark administrator]. As at the date hereof, 
[Benchmark administrator] [appears] / [does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, EITHER [[Benchmark 
administrator] does not fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation] OR [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation 
apply, 
such 
that 
[Benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)].]]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to "Forms of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Italgas S.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 26 October 2022 and made between the Issuer, BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Any reference to Calculation Agent in relation to any Notes shall mean the entity specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 1 of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part 1 of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed 
of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 26 October 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and copies thereof are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and 
of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices. If this Note is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The expression 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as amended. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation 
Linked Note (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note or a combination of the two) or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part 2 of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure 
that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security upon the 
whole or any part of the present or future undertakings, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries to secure any Indebtedness, 
except for Permitted Encumbrances, unless: 
(a) 
the same Security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all 
amounts payable under the Notes and any related Coupons; or 
(b) 
such other Security or guarantee (or other arrangement) as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement), shall previously have 
been or shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all amounts payable 
under the Notes and any related Coupons. 
As used herein: 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, 
notes, debentures or other debt securities and which is or is intended to be quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or regulated securities market;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Material Subsidiary means any consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest 
audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
A report by two officers of the Issuer stating that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and binding on all 
parties;  
Permitted Encumbrances means: 
(a) 
any Security arising by operation of or pursuant to any mandatory provision of law 
without any action being taken by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary to create or cause 
to arise such Security; or 
(b) 
any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes (including any 
additional Security required to be given pursuant to or in connection with that Security); 
or 
(c) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Material Subsidiary or is merged, 
consolidated or amalgamated into a Material Subsidiary or the Issuer after the date of 
issuance of the Notes, any Security existing over such entity's assets at the time it 
becomes (or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group, 
provided that the Security was not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, 
its becoming (or being merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the 
Group and provided further that the relevant Indebtedness has not been increased in 
contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming (or is merged, consolidated or 
amalgamated into) such member of the Group; or 
(d) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(e) 
any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary over 
any revenues or receivables in connection with any securitised financing, factoring, 
discounting or other like arrangement where the payment obligations in respect of the 
indebtedness secured by the relevant Security Interest are to be discharged solely from 
the revenues generated by the assets over which such Security Interest is created; or 
(f) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset acquired by 
the person creating the Security and securing only Indebtedness incurred for the sole 
purpose of financing or re-financing that acquisition, provided that the principal 
amount of such Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that 
acquisition; or 
(g) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset improved, 
constructed, altered or repaired and securing only Indebtedness incurred for the sole

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
purpose of financing or re financing such improvement, construction, alteration or 
repair, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness so secured does not 
exceed the overall cost of that improvement, construction, alteration or repair; or 
(h) 
any Security that does not fall within subparagraphs (a) to (g) above and that secures 
Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Indebtedness secured by all other Security 
permitted under this subparagraph, does not exceed 10% of the consolidated net 
invested capital of the Group as determined by reference to the most recently audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any present or future Indebtedness incurred in financing 
or refinancing the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance 
and/or operation of an asset or assets, whether or not an asset of a member of the Group: 
(a) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Indebtedness is or may be 
owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have no 
recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other than: 
(i) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the 
income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security given by such borrower 
over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, deriving 
therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its 
shares or the like in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Indebtedness, 
provided that (a) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any 
recoveries made on any such enforcement, and (b) such Person or Persons is or are not 
entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
Indebtedness, to commence any proceedings of whatever nature against any member 
of the Group (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) and (c) an equity contribution 
in the borrower by the Issuer or Material Subsidiary, according to the then project 
finance market standard, shall not be deemed as a "recourse" to the relevant member 
of the Group; 
Project Finance Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer either: 
(a) 
(i) 
which is a single-purpose company whose principal assets and 
business are constituted by the ownership, acquisition, construction, 
development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets; and 
(ii) 
none of whose Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation 
of an asset or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any member of 
the Group (other than such Subsidiary or another Project Finance Subsidiary)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
in respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly referred to in 
subparagraph (b)(ii) of the definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
at least 70% in principal amount of whose Indebtedness is Project Finance Indebtedness; 
Security means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest; 
Subsidiary means, in respect of any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the second Person): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the second Person is held 
by the first Person; or  
(b) 
in which the first Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the first Person a 
dominant influence in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the second Person; or 
(c) 
whose accounts are required to be consolidated with those of the first Person pursuant 
to article 26 of Law 127 of 1991; 
in the case of (a) and (b), pursuant to the provisions of Article 2359, first paragraph, No. 1 and 
No. 2, of the Italian Civil Code. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
i. 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
ii. 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.2(A)ii (Interest - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
– Interest Payment Dates) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET 2) System (or any successor or replacement, the TARGET 2 
System) is open. 
(B) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
i. 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph i, ISDA Rate 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph i, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
ii. 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes and Constant 
Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
i. 
the offered quotation; or 
ii. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer, or a third party/independent 
advisor appointed by the Issuer, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this paragraph (A) of Condition 4.2, Reference Banks means, in 
the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer, or by a 
third party/independent advisor appointed by the Issuer; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and CMS Reference Rate is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula where CMS Reference Rate is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer, or a third party/independent 
advisor appointed by the Issuer, shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at 
least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, after eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (B) of Condition 4.2: 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal 
office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer, or by a third 
party/independent advisor appointed by the Issuer. 
Designated Maturity, Margin, Relevant Screen Page and Specified Time shall have 
the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR- EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(C) 
Floating Rate Notes which are Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Constant Maturity BTP 
Rate is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the gross yield 
before taxes of Italian government bonds with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) is not available, the Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate for such Interest Determination Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, as 
the gross yield before taxes based on the mid-market price for Italian government bonds 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, or as close to the Designated Maturity as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, and in a 
Representative Amount at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question and shall be the arithmetic mean of quotations obtained from three Constant 
Maturity BTP Reference Banks selected by the Issuer, or by a third party/independent

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
advisor appointed by the Issuer (from five such Constant Maturity BTP Reference 
Banks after eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest)).  
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Constant Maturity 
BTP Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with quotations for such prices 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Constant Maturity BTP Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (C) of Condition 4.2: 
Constant Maturity BTP Reference Bank means the principal office of any "Specialist 
in Italian Government Bonds" included in the "List of Specialists in Government 
Bonds" (Elenco Specialisti in Titoli di Stato) published by the Department of Treasury 
(Dipartimento del Tesoro) from time to time. 
Designated Maturity, Margin, Relevant Screen Page and Specified Time shall have 
the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(C) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of paragraph 
(D) below of Condition 4.2 (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) shall apply as 
appropriate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
The Rate of Interest and the result of DIR(t) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
DayOfMonth means the actual number of days since the start of the relevant month; 
DaysInMonth means the number of days in the relevant month; 








=
)
0
(
)
(
*
Interest 
 
of
 
Rate
DIR
t
DIR
Multiplier
Rate

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
DIR(0) means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms and being the value as 
calculated in accordance with the following formula (where month "t" is the month and year in 
which the Trade Date falls): 
DIR(0) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 2) – 
Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth – 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
DIR(t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month "t", the value 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
DIR(t) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 2) – 
Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth – 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex I to this Base Prospectus 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inflation Index (t-Lookback Period 1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the month 
that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 1 prior to the month (t) in which the 
relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
Inflation Index (t-Lookback Period 2) means the value of the Inflation Index for the month 
that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 2 prior to the month in which the relevant 
Specified Interest Payment Date falls; and 
Rate Multiplier has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Rate 
Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate Multiplier shall be deemed to be equal to 
one. 
(D) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or paragraph (C) above is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or paragraph (C) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
(E) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, other than CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes, and the Calculation Agent, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes and Constant Maturity BTP Linked 
Interest Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. In the case of Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Notes and Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period promptly after calculating the same. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
i. 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
ii. 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, if an Initial Ratio Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applicable, the amount payable on the first Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall be 
the sum of the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date) plus an amount equal to 
the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(t)/DIR(0) (or in the event the Interest 
Amount referred to above is calculated in respect of Notes in definitive form, a pro rata 
proportion of such amount) (such sum shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent 
with half a euro cent being rounded upwards). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
360
[
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
360
[
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Initial Ratio Amount means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. 
(F) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(G) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed 
(by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
360
[
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(H) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes), whether 
by the Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, in connection with the exercise or non 
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 4.3 (Step Up Option) is applicable to Notes (Step Up Notes) only if the Step Up 
Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable.  
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 4 (Interest), provided that 
for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following a Step Up Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The occurrence of a Step Up Event will be notified by the Issuer to the Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders on the Step Up Event Notification 
Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Step Up 
Margin and the Step Up Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of the relevant Step Up Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3 (Step Up Option): 
CH4 means methane. 
CO2 means carbon dioxide. 
CO2eq means carbon dioxide equivalent and, for the purpose of this Condition include CO2 
and CH4. 
External Verifier means DELOITTE & TOUCHE S.p.A. or any such other qualified provider 
of third party assurance or attestation services or other independent expert of internationally 
recognised standing appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the expertise necessary to 
perform the functions required to be performed by the External Verifier under these Conditions, 
as determined in good faith by the Issuer. 
Initial Margin is the Margin applicable on the Issue Date to the Floating Rating Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Initial Rate of Interest is the Rate of Interest applicable at the Issue Date to the Fixed Rate 
Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Integrated Annual Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Available Information). 
Net Energy Consumption Reduction Condition means the notification in writing by the 
Issuer to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the Step 
Up Event Notification Date that the Net Energy Consumptions as of the Net Energy 
Consumption Reduction Reference Date was equal to or lower than the Net Energy 
Consumption Reduction Threshold, and that such Net Energy Consumptions as of the Net 
Energy Consumptions Reduction Reference Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier 
in accordance with its customary procedures. 
Net Energy Consumption Reduction Event means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Net 
Energy Consumption Reduction Condition, unless an amendment to, or change in, any 
applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the 
Group’s businesses, or a decision of a competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Net Energy Consumption Reduction Condition 
occurred. 
Net Energy Consumption Reduction Reference Date is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Net Energy Consumption Reduction Threshold means the threshold expressed in TJ 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Net Energy Consumption Reduction 
Threshold. 
Net Energy Consumptions means the energy consumed in TJ by the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
consolidated as 31 December 2021 (i.e. referring for any date after 31 December 2021 to a 
perimeter unchanged from the consolidation perimeter as of 31 December 2021, excluding any 
changes following M&As, Depa Infrastructure’s acquisition and ATEM (Minimum Territorial 
Area) tenders of gas distribution concessions in Italy) related to fuel energy consumption for 
civil and industrial use, net electricity consumption for civil and industrial use, fuel energy 
consumption for vehicles and thermal energy consumption for civil use, without considering 
the consumption of auto-produced energy. All, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and 
reported by the Issuer in its Integrated Annual Report or in the Separate Report, confirmed by 
the External Verifier as of the Net Energy Consumption Reduction Reference Date and 
published by the Issuer on or prior to the Step Up Event Notification Date on its website in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Available Information) and in accordance with applicable law. 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions means the amount of Scope 1 GHG Emissions and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and reported by the Issuer in its 
Integrated Annual Report or in the Separate Report, confirmed by the External Verifier as of 
the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date and published by the Issuer on 
or prior to the Step Up Event Notification Date on its website in accordance with Condition 14 
(Available Information) and in accordance with applicable law.  
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions means the amount of Scope 3 from supply chain 
GHG Emissions, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and reported by the Issuer in its 
Integrated Annual Report or in the Separate Report, confirmed by the External Verifier as of 
the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date and published by 
the Issuer on or prior to the Step Up Event Notification Date on its website in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Available Information) and in accordance with applicable law. 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Condition means the notification in writing by the 
Issuer to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the Step 
Up Event Notification Date that the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions as of the Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date was equal to or lower than the relevant Scope 1 and 
2 GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold, and that such Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions as of the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date has been confirmed by the External 
Verifier in accordance with its customary procedures. 
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Condition means the notification in 
writing by the Issuer to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
on the Step Up Event Notification Date that the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions as 
of the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date was equal to or 
lower than the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold, and that such 
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions as of the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG 
Emissions Reduction Reference Date has been confirmed by the External Verifier in 
accordance with its customary procedures. 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Event means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Condition, unless an amendment to, or change in, 
any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and guidelines applicable to and/or relating to 
the Group’s businesses, or a decision of a competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Condition 
occurred.  
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Event means the failure of the Issuer 
to satisfy the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Condition, unless an 
amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and guidelines 
applicable to and/or relating to the Group’s businesses, or a decision of a competent authority 
which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Scope 3 from 
supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Condition occurred. 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date is the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date is the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold means the threshold expressed in 
expressed in thousand ton of CO2eq specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 
1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold. 
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold means the threshold 
expressed in thousand ton of CO2eq specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 
3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold. 
Scope 1 GHG Emissions means the direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
(expressed in thousand ton of CO2eq) of the Issuer and its subsidiaries consolidated as of 31 
December 2021 (i.e. referring for any date after 31 December 2021 to a perimeter unchanged 
from the consolidation perimeter as of 31 December 2021, excluding any changes following 
M&As, Depa Infrastructure’s acquisition and ATEM (Minimum Territorial Area) tenders of 
gas distribution concessions in Italy) deriving from the civil consumption of gas, from industrial 
consumption of gas for preheating, from fuel consumptions for vehicles and grid losses. The 
GHGs included in the calculation are CO2 and CH4 and the emissions are calculated with a 
GWP of methane equal to 28.  
Scope 2 GHG Emissions means the indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas (GHG) (expressed in 
thousand ton of CO2eq) of the Issuer and its subsidiaries consolidated as of 31 December 2021 
(i.e. referring for any date after 31 December 2021 to a perimeter unchanged from the 
consolidation perimeter as of 31 December 2021, excluding any changes following M&As, 
Depa Infrastructure’s acquisition and ATEM (Minimum Territorial Area) tenders of gas 
distribution concessions in Italy) deriving from the consumption of electricity purchase and 
district heating. The GHGs included in the calculation are CO2 and CH4 and the emissions are 
calculated with a global warming potential (GWP) of methane equal to 28. The Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions are calculated using the market-based method, according to which the emission

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
quota relating to renewable sources is zero and the residual mix emission factor is used for the 
portion not covered by such contracts.  
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions means the other indirect (Scope 3) greenhouse 
gas (GHG) (expressed in thousand ton of CO2eq) of the Issuer and its subsidiaries consolidated 
as of 31 December 2021 (i.e. referring for any date after 31 December 2021 to a perimeter 
unchanged from the consolidation perimeter as of 31 December 2021, excluding any changes 
following M&As, Depa Infrastructure’s acquisition and ATEM (Minimum Territorial Area) 
tenders of gas distribution concessions in Italy) deriving from the outsourced activities.  
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions includes, therefore outside the direct control of the 
Group, from supply chain emissions the following categories:  
• 
Purchased goods and services; 
• 
Capital goods; 
• 
Upstream transportation and distribution;  
• 
Waste generated in operations; 
• 
Upstream leased assets. 
Separate Report has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Available Information). 
Step Up Date means: 
 - in relation to a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Event, the first day of the next 
Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the Integrated 
Annual Report as of and for the period ending on the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction 
Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information); 
- in relation to Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Event, the first day of the 
next Interest Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the Integrated 
Annual Report as of and for the period ending on the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG 
Emissions Reduction Reference Date pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information); 
- in relation to a Net Energy Consumption Reduction Event, the first day of the next Interest 
Period following the date on which the Issuer is required to publish the Integrated Annual 
Report as of and for the period ending on the Net Energy Consumption Reduction Reference 
Date pursuant to Condition 14 (Available Information); 
Step Up Event means the occurrence of either (a) Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction 
Event; and/or (b) a Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Event; and/or (c) 
Net Energy Consumption Reduction Event; as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Step Up Event Notification Date means a Business Day falling no later than 30 days prior to 
the Step Up Date.  
Step Up Margin means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
relevant Step Up Margin.  
TJ means terajoules. 
4.4 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
4.4.1 
Definitions  
For the purposes of Inflation Linked Interest Notes and Inflation Linked Redemption Notes:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index or (ii) any 
Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its affiliates or any other 
Hedging Party). 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date 
is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
Determination Date means each of the Interest Determination Date and the Redemption 
Determination Date, as the case may be, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected 
from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any other party 
providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as 
the Issuer may select at such time. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate 
risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level is reported. 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above. 
4.4.2 
Inflation Index delay and disruption provisions 
(A) 
Delay in publication

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to 
determine a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level), 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this paragraph (A) of Condition 4.4.2. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this paragraph (A) of Condition 4.4.2 will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following methodology:

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption has been designated by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 4.4), a successor inflation index has been 
designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor 
Inflation Index" notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may 
previously have been determined under paragraphs (B)(ii), (B)(iii) or (B)(iv) below of 
Condition 4.4.2; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (B)(i) 
above of Condition 4.4.2, and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor specifying that the Inflation Index will be 
superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, 
and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using 
the same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall 
be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such 
replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraphs (B)(i) or 
(B)(ii) above of Condition 4.4.2, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should 
be. If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five responses, three or 
more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are received and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are received or no Successor Inflation 
Index is determined pursuant to this paragraph (B)(iii) of Condition 4.4.2, the 
Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (B)(iv) below of Condition 4.4.2; or 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under 
paragraphs (B)(i), (B)(ii) or (B)(iii) above of Condition 4.4.2 by the next occurring Cut-
Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be deemed 
a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative inflation 
index to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the 
Early Redemption Amount. 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material modification prior to last occurring Cut-Off

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index 
necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is fifteen (15) Business 
Days prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days 
of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected 
the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the 
Noteholders of any such adjustments in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may at its option: 
(a) 
make any adjustment or adjustments to the payment or any other term or condition of 
the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate; and/or 
(b) 
redeem all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes on the date notified by the 
Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) by 
payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption, taking 
into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
4.4.3 
Inflation Index disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the Inflation 
Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation 
Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index 
and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. 
The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. 
The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation 
Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination 
of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the 
Inflation Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently 
verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation 
Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation 
Index. 
4.5 
Accrual of interest

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.6 
Benchmark discontinuation  
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.6(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.6(D)) shall apply. 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4.6 shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of fraud and gross negligence, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.6. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.6(A) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph 
of this Condition 4.6(A). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.6); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 4.6). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.6 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.6(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.6(D), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.6 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Agent, or if applicable, Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and binding and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.6 (A), (B), (C) and (D), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(B) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(G) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4.6: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, that the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body;  
(ii) 
if, in the case of a Successor Rate, no recommendation under paragraph (i) above has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser determines, 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.6(B) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.6(D). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will, by a specified date on or prior the next Interest Determination Date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a 
specified date on or prior the next Interest Determination Date, permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case 
by a specified date on or prior the next Interest Determination Date; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, or if applicable, 
the Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or  
(vi) 
a public statement by the administrator or the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the use of the Original Reference Rate is subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4.6(A).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 6.6) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void 
under Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Early Redemption Amount (as calculated 
according to Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its principal amount outstanding or, in the case of each Note which 
is an Inflation Linked Redemption Note, determined in accordance with Condition 6.12 
(Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption) (each a Final Redemption Amount as applicable) 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
See Condition 6.11 (Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and Condition 6.12 (Calculation of 
Inflation Linked Redemption) in relation to each Note which is an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note 
nor an Inflation Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph 6.7 (below) together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or,  
(i)    in the case of Notes that are not Step Up Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Agent or a third party 
appointed in this respect by the Issuer (such third party being a recognized financial 
institution or a financial markets specialist), equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100% of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
(b)      as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then 
current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to 
maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Dealer Rate 
(as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
(ii)   in the case of Notes that are Step Up Notes only, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Agent or a third party 
appointed in this respect by the Issuer (such third party being a recognized financial 
institution or a financial markets specialist), equal to the higher of: 
(a)      100% of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then 
current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of the Step Up 
Notes to be redeemed and interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date) (calculated at the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes, by applying the Initial Margin until the interest period immediately 
following the Step Up Date, at which point, the Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin shall be deemed to be the Subsequent Rate 
of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Subsequent Margin unless the 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Condition or the Scope 3 from supply 
chain GHG Emissions Reduction Condition or the Net Energy Consumption 
Reduction Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied and the Issuer has 
provided the notice described in the definition of the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reduction Condition or the Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction 
Condition or the Net Energy Consumption Reduction Condition, as the case may be, 
in Condition  (Step Up Option) within the deadline provided therein confirming 
the satisfaction of the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Condition or the 
Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Condition or the Net Energy 
Consumption Reduction Condition, as the case may be) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Dealer Rate 
(as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
As used in this Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)): 
Make-Whole Amount is the amount, when applicable, calculated by the Agent in accordance 
with Condition 6.3(i) in the case of Notes that are not Step Up Notes or Condition 6.3(ii) in the 
case of Step Up Notes; 
Par Call Period Commencement Date has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms;  
Par Call Period has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms;  
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Dealers shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Reference Dealer Rate means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in 
the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third 
business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer 
by the Reference Dealers;  
Subsequent Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin. 
Subsequent Margin means the Initial Margin plus the Step Up Margin. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 
6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and notice to that effect shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days 
prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption) (the “Par Call Redemption Date”) redeem the Notes then outstanding in 
whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the day 
that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the Par Call Redemption Date. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 
20 per cent. or less or such other percentage (the “Clean-up Call Threshold” as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of 
Notes (including any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Issues)) remains 
outstanding, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in that Series at par 
together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption. Any Notes that 
have been redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) at an Optional Redemption Amount equal to the Make-Whole 
Amount shall not be considered as purchased and cancelled for the purposes of this Condition 
6.5.  
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, 
prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice 
given pursuant to this Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor 
Put)) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 
(Events of Default). 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 4.4 (Inflation Linked Note Provisions), Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the 
first Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner 
is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final 
Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
y
AY)
 
 
(1
 x 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 
+
=

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 365); or 
(d) 
in the case of an Inflation Linked Interest Note and/or an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note, at an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.11 (Redemption of 
Inflation Linked Notes) and Condition 6.12 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption). 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will 
be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above 
(Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall 
be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3 or 6.6 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated 
as provided in Condition 6.7 above (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the ate upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.11 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate such Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) promptly after each 
time such amount is capable of being determined and will notify the Agent thereof promptly 
after calculating the same. The Agent will promptly thereafter notify the Issuer and any stock

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed thereof and cause notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.12 
Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption 
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note that is an Inflation Linked 
Redemption Note shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption 
Determination Date (utilising the DIR(T) value applicable to the Final Redemption Amount) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
The result of DIR(T) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards and the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards.  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note that is an Inflation Linked 
Interest Note or an Inflation Linked Redemption Note shall be the sum of (i) a principal amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent promptly after the time the Early Redemption Amount is 
capable of being determined in accordance with the formula set out above, provided that the 
reference to "Final Redemption Amount" shall be replaced by a reference to "Early Redemption 
Amount" and the DIR(T) value applicable to the Early Redemption Amount shall be utilised; 
and (ii) interest accrued but unpaid in respect of the period from, and including, the most recent 
Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the date for redemption of the Notes where the Rate 
of Interest for such period shall be calculated in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Defined terms used in this Condition shall have the same meanings as set out in Condition 4.2(C) 
(Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes – Rate of Interest 
– Inflation Linked Interest Notes) provided that, DIR(T) means the value of the Inflation Index 
for (i) in the case of the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, the Maturity Date and (ii) 
in the case of the calculation of the Early Redemption Amount, the date for redemption of the 
Notes, in each case calculated in accordance with the following formula where month "t" is the 
month and year of the Maturity Date in the case of (i) above and the month and year in which 
the date for redemption falls in the case of (ii) above: 
DIR(T) = Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 1)+[Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 2)-
Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 1)]*[DayOfMonth-1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
If the date for redemption occurs prior to the first Interest Payment Date, a pro rata proportion 
of an amount equal to the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(T)/DIR(0) 
shall be added to the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the date of redemption of the Notes) (such sum 
shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded 
upwards). 
Redemption Amount Multiplier has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if Redemption Amount Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the 
Redemption Amount Multiplier shall be deduced to be equal to 100%.  
The provisions of Condition 4.4 (Inflation Linked Note Provisions) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 












=
)
0
(
)
(
*
Multiplier
Amount 
 
Redemption
%;
100
*
on
Denominati
 
Specified
Amount 
 
Redemption
 
Final
DIR
T
DIR
Max

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of 
any Note or Coupon, presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement, including but 
not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or 
(e) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of 
any Notes or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or future similar law and any related implementing 
regulations (each as amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(f) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on 
the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code, or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or 
any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (any such withhold-ing or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer 
nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding. 
As used herein: 
i. 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject by reason of its tax residence or a permanent establishment maintained 
therein in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and 
Coupons; and 
ii. 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 
calendar days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure 
continues for the period of 45 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the 
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described), or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) or default is made by 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money of any other person (as extended by any originally applicable grace period), 
provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred 
and be continuing shall exceed at any time €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); or 
(d) 
any Security (other than any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness or 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred in the circumstances described in the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
definition of Project Finance Indebtedness as if such definition referred to Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money), present or future, created or assumed on or against all or a 
material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, becomes enforceable and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of 
a receiver, manager or other similar person) which is not contested in good faith or 
discharged or cancelled within 60 days of such enforcement; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the liquidation, 
winding up or dissolution (scioglimento o liquidazione) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries and such order or resolution is not contested in good faith or 
discharged and cancelled within 60 days, save for the purposes of (i) a solvent 
amalgamation, merger, de-merger or reconstruction (a Solvent Reorganisation) under 
which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, are assumed by the entity resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and (A) 
such entity continues to carry on substantially the same business of the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (B) in the case of a Solvent Reorganisation 
of the Issuer, such entity assumes all the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing 
in the Republic of Italy has been delivered to the Agent confirming the same prior to 
the effective date of such Solvent Reorganisation, or (ii) a reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
(A) if the Issuer, acting directly and/or through any of its Material Subsidiaries, 
announces that the Group shall cease to carry on the whole of its business or (B) the 
Group ceases to carry on the whole of its business, save, in either case, for the purposes 
of (i) a Solvent Reorganisation under which the assets and liabilities of, as appropriate, 
the Issuer, and/or such Material Subsidiar(y/ies), as the case may be, are assumed by 
the entity resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation, and such entity assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons and an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been 
delivered to the Agent confirming the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent 
Reorganisation or (ii) a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
under any applicable insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case 
may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or 
a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other 
than the appointment of an administrator) unless initiated by a member of the Group, 
is not contested in good faith or is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(h) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay a final judgment (sentenza 
passata in giudicato, in the case of a judgment issued by an Italian court) of a court of 
competent jurisdiction within 60 days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment 
in excess of an amount equal to the value of a substantial part of the assets or property 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries has been entered against it or an

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
execution is levied, enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial part 
of the assets or property of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries pursuant to any 
such judgment (for the purposes of paragraph (g) above and this paragraph (h), a 
"substantial part" of an entity's assets or property, as applicable, means a part of the 
relevant entity's assets or property which accounts for 30% or more of the relevant 
entity's assets or property as determined by reference to the most recently audited 
consolidated financial statements of the relevant entity); or 
(i) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or announces that it shall stop 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its 
debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent, or 
initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including 
the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, 
or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or 
any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an 
arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) 
otherwise than for the purposes of a solvent amalgamation, merger, de-merger or 
reconstruction, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of 
the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note 
held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) 
to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other debt securities offered, issued or distributed 
whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and 
whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more 
than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of, and 
listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in 
London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
This Condition 14 (Available Information) is applicable to Step Up Notes only if the Step Up 
Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
Beginning with the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ending on 31 
December published after the Issue Date, in relation to Step Up Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specifies the Step Up Event being a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Reduction Event or a Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction Event or a Net 
Energy Consumption Reduction Event, the Issuer will publish on its website and in accordance 
with applicable laws (i) its Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions and/or its Scope 3 from supply chain 
GHG Emissions and/or Net Energy Consumptions, in each case (a) as indicated in the Group's 
consolidated financial statements also including the disclosure of non-financial information in 
accordance with Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 (as amended and supplemented from time 
to time) or equivalent document prepared pursuant to applicable legislation, and subsequent 
amendments and supplements thereto (the Integrated Annual Report) or (b) as included in a 
separate document published by the Issuer (the Separate Report) and (ii) in respect of the 
Integrated Annual Report, an independent auditor’s report on the consolidated disclosure of 
non-financial information in accordance with Article 3, par. 10, of Italian Legislative Decree 
254/2016 and with Article 5 of CONSOB Regulation adopted with Resolution n. 20267 of 
January 18, 2018 (the Limited Assurance Report) or, in respect of the Separate Report, a 
verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions and/or its Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions and/or its Net Energy 
Consumptions included in the Separate Report. Each Separate Report accompanied by a 
verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier will be published concurrently with 
the publication of the independent auditor's reports on the annual financial reports and will have 
the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor's report; provided that to the extent 
the Issuer reasonably determines that additional time is required to complete any or Separate 
Report accompanied by a verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier, then the 
relevant Separate Report accompanied by a verification assurance report issued by the External 
Verifier may be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 30 days, 
subsequent to the date of publication of the independent auditor's report. 
Furthermore, on or before the relevant Step Up Event Notification Date following each Scope 
1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date and/or Scope 3 from supply chain GHG 
Emissions Reduction Reference Date and/or Net Energy Consumption Reduction Reference 
Date, as applicable, the Issuer will publish on its website an assurance report issued by the 
External Verifier in respect of, as applicable, its Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions at the relevant 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date and/or its Scope 3 from supply chain 
GHG Emissions at the relevant Scope 3 from supply chain GHG Emissions Reduction 
Reference Date and/or its Net Energy Consumptions as at the relevant Net Energy Consumption 
Reduction Reference Date (the External Verifier Assurance Report). The External Verifier

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Assurance Report will be published as soon as reasonably practicable following each Scope 1 
and 2 GHG Emissions Reduction Reference Date and/or Scope 3 from supply chain GHG 
Emissions Reduction Reference Date and/or Net Energy Consumption Reduction Reference 
Date, as applicable, but in no event later than the Step Up Event Notification Date. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
In accordance with the rules of the Italian Civil Code, the Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes or 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
All meetings of the Noteholders will be held in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian 
law in force at the time and, where applicable Italian law so requires, the Issuer's by-laws in 
force from time to time. In accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the meeting 
of Noteholders is empowered to resolve upon the following matters: (i) the appointment and 
revocation of the Noteholders' Representative, (ii) any amendment to these Conditions, (iii) 
motions for the composition with creditors (concordato) of the relevant Issuer; (iv) 
establishment of a fund for the expenses necessary for the protection of the common interests 
of the Noteholders and the related statements of account; and (v) any other matter of common 
interest to the Noteholders. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, upon the request of any 
Noteholder(s) holding not less than 5% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. If the meeting has not been convened following such request of the 
Noteholders, the same may be convened by a decision of the competent court in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 2367 of the Italian Civil Code. Every such meeting shall be held 
at a place as provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Such meetings will be validly held if, subject to mandatory laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations of Italian law from time to time and, where applicable Italian law so requires, the 
Issuer's by-laws in force from time to time, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that a higher majority may be required by the 
Issuer's by-laws.  
The majority required to pass a resolution at any meeting convened to vote on any resolution 
will be one or more persons holding or representing at least two thirds of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding represented at the meeting; provided, 
however, that certain proposals (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
the Coupons) may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting (as provided under 
Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code) of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one half of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding.  
Officers and statutory auditors of the Issuer shall be entitled to attend the Noteholders' meetings 
but not participate or vote with reference to the Notes held by the Issuer. Any resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders' 
Representative), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, is appointed pursuant to 
Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders' interests under these 
Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the 
Noteholders' Representative is not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders, the 
Noteholders' Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its 
registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders' Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum 
period of three years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
In derogation from Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the Agent and the Issuer may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum 
is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which the interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
noncontractual obligations arising out of or in connection with Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English Law. Condition 15 (Meetings Of Noteholders and Modification) and 
the provisions of Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement concerning the meeting of relevant 
Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ representative are subject to mandatory 
provisions of Italian law.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Each of the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders waives any objection to the courts 
of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Laurentia Financial Services Limited at its registered office for the time 
being as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Laurentia Financial 
Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, as well as for any other purpose specified in the applicable Final Terms, including to finance 
or refinance any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of the foregoing, as 
applicable. In case of issuance of Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds, the Issuer 
will publish the relevant framework in accordance with the principles set out by ICMA, and will be 
available on the Issuer’s website at www.italgas.it.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
As of 30 June 2022, Italgas S.p.A. (Italgas), through its consolidated subsidiaries, is the leading 
operator in the distribution of natural gas in Italy with 1,838 municipal concessions and more than 
72,889 kilometres of medium and low pressure transportation network.  
Italgas was incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the Laws of the Republic 
of Italy on 1 June 2016, specifically to implement the partial and proportional demerger of Snam S.p.A. 
(Snam). Pursuant to its by-laws (the By-laws), its final term ends on 31 December 2100, which term 
can be extended by the extraordinary shareholders' meeting of the company. 
Italgas operates under the laws of the Republic of Italy. Italgas' registered address is Via Carlo Bo, 11, 
Milan, Italy and is registered with the Register of Enterprises in Milan with company number 
09540420966. Its telephone number is +39 02 81872012.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer holds directly 100% of the share capital of Italgas 
Acqua S.p.A., Italgas Newco S.p.A. (Italgas Newco2), Bludigit S.p.A.3 and Italgas Reti, 50.66% of the 
share capital of Toscana Energia, 67.22% of Geoside4, 15.55% of Gaxa, 6% of Picarro5 and, indirectly, 
through its shareholding in Italgas Reti, 51.85% of the share capital of Medea and 15% of the share 
capital of Reti Distribuzione S.r.l. (Reti Distribuzione). In turn, Geoside holds 20% of Enerpaper S.r.l. 
(Enerpaper), Toscana Energia holds 42.96% of Gesam Reti S.p.A. (Gesam Reti) and 100% of 
Immogas S.r.l (Immogas), and Italgas Newco holds 100% of DEPA Infrastructure S.A. (Depa 
Infrastructure)6. DEPA Infrastructure holds a 51% stake in Thessaloniki – Thessalia Gas Distribution 
S.A. (EDA Thess), a 100% stake in Attiki Natural Gas Distribution Single Member Company S.A. 
(EDA Attikis) and a 100% stake in Public Gas Distribution Networks Single Member Company S.A. 
(DEDA). 
Italgas also holds (i) 45% of the share capital of Umbria Distribuzione Gas S.p.A. (Umbria 
Distribuzione Gas) and (ii) 50% of the share capital of Metano S. Angelo Lodigiano S.p.A. (Metano 
S. Angelo Lodigiano). 
The Issuer's main business is the distribution of natural gas which is a regulated activity in Italy under 
the authority of the ARERA. Under applicable regulations, these services must be offered to third parties 
 
2 On 19 September 2022, the extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Italgas Newco S.r.l.  approved the transformation from 
a limited liability company (S.r.l.) to a joint stock company (S.p.A.). 
3 On 16 June 2021, as a result of a partial and proportional demerger of Italgas Reti of the IT business unit, the company 
Bludigit was established in order to rationalise the Group's activities and assets in the IT area and to propose a commercial 
offer of IT services by opening up collaborations with third parties to the Group. The rationalization of the Group's IT activities 
was completed on 29 June 2021 with the capital increase following the contribution by Italgas S.p.A. of the specific IT 
company branch pertaining to it. Seaside S.p.A. is now renamed Geoside S.p.A.. For further information please refer to the 
section “Description of the Issuer”, paragraph “Group structure” below. 
4 On 26 April 2021, the merger by incorporation of Toscana Energia Green S.p.A. in Seaside was completed. The transaction 
took effect for accounting and tax purposes from 1 January 2021 and for civil purposes from 1 May 2021. As a consequence, 
the share capital of Seaside is divided between Italgas (that, as said, holds 67.22% of the share capital) and Toscana Energia 
(that holds the remaining 32.78%). On 2 August 2021 the extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Seaside approved the 
transformation from a limited liability company (S.r.l.) to a joint stock company (S.p.A.). 
5 On 2 March 2022, with an outlay of $ 15 million, Italgas strengthened its partnership with Picarro Inc. through the acquisition 
of a minority stake in the capital of the US technological start-up company and world leader in sensors applied to gas 
distribution network monitoring as well as technologies for sectors characterised by the need to have extremely sensitive 
detection, such as environmental measurements relating to 23 concentration of dangerous atmospheric pollutants, and the 
electronics industry for the identification of impurities in the environments dedicated to semiconductor production. 
6 On 1 September 2022, Italgas Newco S.r.l. executed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Depa Infrastructure and 
on 19 September 2022, the extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Italgas Newco S.r.l.  approved the transformation from a 
limited liability company (S.r.l.) to a joint stock company (S.p.A.).

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
on equal terms and conditions and at regulated tariffs. See section "Regulatory and Legislative 
Framework" below.  
Italgas elaboration based on MISE 2012 data shows that Italgas and its consolidated subsidiaries own 
approx. 34.2% market share in terms of the percentage of final gas users connected (approx. 35% if 
non-consolidated affiliates are included) and the market for the distribution of natural gas remains 
fragmented between 188 distributors (ARERA 2021 Report). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer's share capital is €1,002,608,186.28 divided into 
810,245,718 shares with no indication of nominal value. The shares are not divisible and each gives the 
right to one vote.  
On 19 April 2018, the Extraordinary Shareholders meeting resolved to increase the share capital14 by a 
maximum amount of 4,960,000.00 euro, through the issue of no more than 4,000,000 new ordinary 
shares to be assigned free of charge, pursuant to article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code, for a 
corresponding maximum amount taken from retained earnings reserves, for beneficiaries of the 
incentive plan15 approved by the Ordinary meeting of 19 April 2018 (Incentive Plan), to be 
implemented no later than 30 June 2023. On 10 March 2021, the Board of Directors resolved to: (i) 
freely allocate 632,852 ordinary shares to the beneficiaries of the plan given the rights assigned (the so-
called first cycle of the plan) and accrued in accordance with the provisions of such plan at the end of 
the relative performance period (i.e. 2018-2020) and (ii) implement the first tranche of the capital 
increase aspect of the plan, taking a total of €784,736.48 from the retained profits of the issue of 632,852 
new ordinary shares. On 9 March 2022, the Board of Directors resolved to: (i) freely allocate 477,364 
ordinary shares to the beneficiaries of the plan given the rights assigned (the so-called second cycle of 
the plan) and accrued in accordance with the provisions of such plan at the end of the relative 
performance period (i.e. 2018-2020) and (ii) implement the second tranche of the capital increase aspect 
of the plan, taking a total of € 591,931.36 from the retained profits of the issue of 477,364 new ordinary 
shares. 
On 20 April 2021, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting approved the 2021-2023 co-investment plan, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions described in the information document prepared pursuant to 
Article 84-bis of the CONSOB regulation approved with resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented, and made available to the public in accordance with the law. 
In extraordinary session, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposal, in service of the 2021-2023 
co-investment plan, to increase the share capital, in one or more tranches, for a maximum nominal 
amount of €5,580,000.00, through the issue of a maximum of 4,500,000 new ordinary shares to be 
assigned free of charge, pursuant to Article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code, for a corresponding 
maximum amount taken from retained earnings, exclusively to the beneficiaries of the plan, i.e. 
employees of the Company and/or Group companies. 
As of 7 November 2016, the Issuer's shares have been listed on the Mercato Telematico Azionario 
(MTA) of the Italian stock exchange (i.e. Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana)). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, on the basis of the shareholders' register, communications 
received pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) and other information 
available to the Issuer, as far as the Issuer is aware, the main shareholders directly or indirectly owning 
an interest greater than 3% of Italgas' share capital are (i) CDP, with an overall 39.49% stake of the 
ordinary share capital, held through CDP Reti S.p.A. (CDP Reti) and Snam, (ii) Lazard Asset 
 
14 On 19 April 2018, the share capital of Italgas stood at 1,001,231,518.44 euros and was divided into 809,135,502 registered 
ordinary shares. 
15 Concerning the co-investment plan 2021-2023, adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting on April 20th, 2021. The plan involves 
selected managers of the Company and provides to defer the 35% of the accrued short term bonus into Italgas shares subject 
to a 3 year performance condition with a minimum, target and maximum performance levels. For more information concerning 
the co-investment plan, please refers to the Plan’s Information Notice published on Italgas website.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Management with a stake of 9.3% of the ordinary share capital (iii) Mr. Romano Minozzi who holds, 
also through his companies Iris Ceramica Group S.p.A (Iris Ceramica), GranitiFiandre S.p.A. 
(GranitiFiandre) and Finanziaria Ceramica Castellarano S.p.A. (Finanziaria Ceramica 
Castellarano), 4.29% of the ordinary share capital, (iv) BlackRock Inc. (BlackRock) with a stake of 
4.3% of the ordinary share capital; (v) Credit Agricole with a stake of 4.0%16. The remaining (free float) 
is held by other shareholders. See "Principal Shareholders" below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer's long-term rating is "BBB+ - stable outlook" by Fitch 
and "Baa2 - negative outlook" by Moody's.  
Historical Financial Information 
In order to represent the financial and operating performance of the Italgas Group, the Base Prospectus 
presents financial information for the half-year closed at 30 June 2022 and at 30 June 2021 (included 
in the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Italgas Group as at and for the six months 
period ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) and for 
the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (included in the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of Italgas Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2010 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to better evaluate the Italgas Group's financial management performance the management has 
identified several Alternative Performance Measures (APM). Management believes that these APMs 
provide useful information for investors because they facilitate the identification of significant operating 
trends and financial parameters.  
For a correct understanding of these APMs, note the following:  
(i) 
the APMs are based on Italgas Group's historical data (as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021);  
(ii) 
the APMs are not derived from the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and, as 
they are derived from the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with these 
principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) 
the APMs should not be considered as replacing the indicators required by IFRS;  
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with the financial information for the Italgas Group taken 
from the consolidated financial statements for the half-year ending 30 June 2022 and 30 June 
2021;  
(v) 
since they are not derived from IFRS, the definitions used in connections with the APMs might 
not be standardised with those adopted by other companies/groups and therefore they are not 
comparable; and 
(vi) 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the periods for 
which financial information in this Base Prospectus is included.  
 
16For information concerning communications received pursuant to CONSOB Resolutions no. 21304 of 17 March 2020 on 
the “Reduction of the initial percentage threshold pursuant to art. 120, subsection 2-bis, of Legislative Decree 58/1998 for 
shareholdings in the capital of listed companies - having Italy as the home Member State – with a high current market value 
and a particularly disseminated ownership structure” and subsequent Consob resolutions of similar content, please make 
reference to the website www.consob.it, "Relevant Shareholdings". The information on the website does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
The APMs reported below have been identified and used in this Base Prospectus because the Italgas 
Group believes that:  
▪ 
net financial debt provides a better evaluation of the overall level of debt, the capital solidity 
and the capacity to repay the debt; and 
▪ 
performance measurements relating to EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, EBIT and net profit, as well 
as adjusted configurations, analyse business performance, and provide a better comparison of 
the results; these indicators are also generally used for the purpose of evaluating company 
performance.  
The Alternative Performance Measures identified from the management are: 
▪ 
EBITDA: operating performance indicator, calculated by subtracting operating costs and the 
release of connection contributions relating to the financial year from the revenue; 
▪ 
EBITDA Margin: the ratio between the EBITDA and total income net of income from 
construction and the strengthening of the distribution infrastructure registered pursuant to 
IFRIC 12 "Service concession arrangements" and the release of connection contributions 
relating to the financial year; 
▪ 
EBIT: operating performance indicator, calculated by subtracting operating costs, amortisation, 
depreciation and impairment from revenue; 
▪ 
Capex: technical investments net of asset related to M&A transactions; 
▪ 
Net financial debt: indicator of the ability to meet obligations of a financial nature, calculated 
as the sum of the values pertaining to the short- and long-term financial debt items (gross 
financial debt) net of cash and cash equivalents and financial liabilities for leases pursuant to 
IFRS 16; 
▪ 
Cash flow from operating activities: operating performance indicator, calculated by subtracting 
operating costs, amortisation, depreciation and impairment from revenue; and 
▪ 
RAB: Value of net invested capital for regulatory purposes, calculated based on the rules 
defined by the ARERA in order to determine the benchmark revenues for the regulated 
businesses (ARERA Resolution 570/2019/R/gas for the gas distribution business). 
The Italgas Group's consolidated core business revenue (ricavi gestione caratteristica) comprehensive 
of IFRIC 12 for the period ended 30 June 2022 was €1.021 million and Group net profit for the period 
was €198 million. Investment in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets during the first 
half year ended on 30 June 2022 was €374 million.  
The table below shows key financial and operating data for Italgas for the period ended 30 June 2022 
and for the period ended 30 June 2021 and for the period ended 31 December 2021: 
 
 
First half of the year 
(€ million) 
2022 
2021 
Core Business Revenue (1) 
1,021 
1,018 
EBITDA 
513 
489 
EBITDA Margin (2) 
73% 
74% 
EBIT 
296 
279 
Cash flow from operating activities 
460 
550 
Capex 
374 
420 
  
 
 
Operational data 
 
 
Gas distributed (bcm) 
 
4,702 
Active gas metering at redelivery points (million) 
 
7.592

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
  
 
 
(€ million) 
30.06.2022 
31.12.2021 
Net financial debt (3) 
5,033 
4,910 
(1) These core business revenues are comprehensive of IFRIC 12 as of 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021. 
(2) The EBITDA margin is calculated on total revenues net of the impact of IFRIC 12 “Service 
concession agreements”, connection contributions and other residual components. 
(3) The data excludes accounts payable per leasing pursuant to IFRS 16 for for €61 million as at 30 
June 2022 and €70 million as at 31 December 2021. 
The manager responsible for preparing the accounting and corporate documents, Giovanni Mercante, 
declares, pursuant to paragraph 2, Article 154-bis of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (as 
amended and supplemented, Testo Unico della Finanza), that the accounting information contained in 
this Base Prospectus corresponds to the documented results, books and accounting records. 
Competitive position  
Any statements in this Base Prospectus regarding the Issuer's competitive position in Italy are, unless 
stated otherwise, based on information contained in the ARERA's 2021 Annual Report on Services and 
Activities (Relazione annuale sullo stato dei servizi e sull'attività svolta) dated 15 July 2022 (the 
ARERA 2021 Report). 
According to the ARERA 2021 Report, in 2021, 188 distributors were engaged in natural gas 
distribution in Italy, serving approximately 7,298 municipalities (Comuni) with approximately 24 
million customers. 
Italgas elaboration based on MISE 2012 data shows that the market for the distribution of natural gas 
remains fragmented with the principal operator being the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, which 
owned approx. 34.5% of the market share in terms of the percentage of final gas users connected (approx. 
35.2% if non-consolidated affiliates are included). In recent years, the market has been experiencing a 
restructuring and consolidation process due to several mergers and acquisitions in the sector.  
History 
Italgas Reti (formerly Italgas S.p.A.) was founded on 12 September 1837 as Compagnia di 
illuminazione a Gaz per la Città di Torino. It was the first company in Italy, and among the first 
companies in Europe, to produce and distribute gas for lighting purposes. 
The expansion to the rest of Italy started 25 years later, with the new company named Società Italiana 
per il Gas. In subsequent years, with the advent of electric power, the company changed its product 
offering and launched the distribution of manufactured gas for cooking and heating purposes. In 1967, 
Italgas Reti became part of the Eni Group. 
With the progressive affirmation of natural gas and the development of gas pipeline transportation 
networks since the 1970s, the company focused on the construction of networks for urban distribution 
and the sale of gas for domestic use, taking on the leading role in Italy's growth of methanisation. In 
2000, in parallel with new legal provisions on the unbundling of gas distribution activities from selling 
activities, the latter were separated from Italgas Reti and merged into ENI S.p.A..  
The shares of Italgas Reti were listed on the MTA of Borsa di Milano from 1900 to 2003. Following its 
sale by Eni, Italgas Reti was part of the Snam Group from July 2009 until the separation of Italgas Reti 
from Snam through a partial and proportional demerger.  
On 7 November 2016, such demerger was effective and the Issuer's shares were admitted to trading on 
the MTA.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Group Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group Structure is as follows:  
 
 
On 6 December 2017 Italgas Reti acquired 90.03% of the share capital of Enerco Distribuzione S.p.A. 
(Enerco) (being the remaining 9.97% represented by own shares). Enerco owned 100% of the share 
capital of SGS S.r.l. (SGS). 
50% 
45% 
100% 
100% 
50.66% 
67.22% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Regulated Activities 
Equity Method 
15.56% 
32.78% 
51.85% 
42.96% 
20.01% 
51%

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
On 28 February 2018, Italgas Reti acquired 100% of the share capital of Ichnusa Gas, a holding 
company controlling 12 companies with granted concessions for the installation and operation of gas 
distribution networks in 74 municipalities in Sardinia. 
On 13 March 2018 Italgas acquired 100% of the share capital of Seaside. Seaside is one of the largest 
Italian Energy Service Companies (ESCo), on the cutting edge in offering digital services due to its 
skills in the field of Big Data, Business Intelligence and Machine Learning. Seaside has a customer base 
of over 400 clients operates in different sectors: from large industry to SMEs, from service providers to 
public administration.  
On 6 April 2018 Italgas Reti acquired 100% of the share capital of Medea, a LPG distribution company 
based in Sassari.  
On 31 May 2018, Italgas acquired 98% of the capital of Favaragas Reti S.r.l. (Favaragas), Siculianagas 
Reti S.r.l. (Siculianagas), Baranogas Reti S.r.l. (Baranogas), Ischia Reti Gas S.r.l. (Ischia Reti Gas), 
Progas Metano S.r.l. (Progas) and Grecanica Gas S.r.l. (Grecanica), companies granted concessions 
for the installation and operation of gas distribution networks in 16 municipalities of Southern Italy. 
The companies Acam Gas S.p.A. (Acam), Enerco and SGS were merged into Italgas Reti, effective 
from 1 January 2018 for accounting purposes; at the same date, the assets related to the water services 
were spun off from Italgas Reti and contributed to a new company named Italgas Acqua. Italgas Acqua 
owns 5 concessions for water distribution in the south of Italy. 
In addition, during the month of January 2018, Italgas finalised the acquisition of the business units of 
Amalfitana Gas and AEnergia Reti, related respectively to the distribution of the natural gas in three 
ATEMs in Campania and Basilicata and to the distribution network serving the Municipality of 
Portopalo di Capopassero (Siracusa).  
On 27 November 2018, Italgas Reti acquired the remaining 2% of the corporate capital of Grecanica, 
Progas, Baranogas, Favaragas, Siculianagas and Ischia Reti Gas.  
On 28 November 2018, Ichnusa Gas was merged by incorporation into Medea. 
On 30 November 2018, Italgas Reti acquired from CPL Concordia 100% of the corporate capital of 
Naturgas S.r.l. (Naturgas) and Fontenergia S.r.l. (Fontenergia) and 60% of the corporate capital of 
European Gas Network S.r.l. (European Gas). Subsequently, on 17 April 2019, Italgas Reti acquired 
the remaining 40% of this latter. European Gas owned 100% of the corporate capital of Marigliano Gas 
S.r.l., Ischia Reti Gas and EGN Distribuzione S.r.l. and together with its subsidiaries was merged by 
incorporation into Italgas Reti on 1 August 2019. 
On 12 March 2019, the process of merger by incorporation of Grecanica, Progas, Baranogas, Favaragas, 
Siculianagas, Ischia Reti Gas together with Naturgas into Italgas Reti was completed. 
On the same date, Fontenergia 4 S.r.l., Fontenergia 6 S.r.l., Fontenergia 7 S.r.l., Fontenergia 9 S.r.l., 
Fontenergia 10 S.r.l., Fontenergia 11 S.r.l., Fontenergia 15 S.r.l., Fontenergia 19 S.r.l., Fontenergia 26 
S.r.l., Fontenergia 27 S.r.l., Fontenergia 35 S.r.l. e Fontenergia 37 S.r.l. were merged together with 
Fontenergia into Medea. 
On 30 April 2019, based on the agreement signed with the CONSCOOP Group, the purchase of the 
following was finalized: (i) the business unit of Aquamet S.p.A., including, inter alia, 9 natural gas 
distribution concessions in some municipalities in Lazio, Campania, Basilicata and Calabria, for a total 
of 23,800 users served; (ii) the business unit of Isgas Energit Multiutilities S.p.A., holder of propane-
air distribution concessions in the Sardinian municipalities of Cagliari, Nuoro and Oristano, for a total 
of roughly 22,300 users currently served with LPG; (iii) 100% of Mediterranea S.r.l. (Mediterranea),

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
holder of 6 concessions for natural gas distribution in the province of Salerno, with approximately 3,600 
users served.  
On 7 May 2019 Medea Newco S.r.l. (Medea Newco), a limited liability company entirely controlled 
by the Issuer, has been established and became operational starting from the beginning of 2020. 
On 1 August 2019 Italgas signed a binding agreement with the European infrastructure fund Marguerite 
II, participated by the EIB and several of the main European national promotional banks (the Italian 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, the French Caisse des Dépôts Group, the Polish BGK, the German KfW and 
the Spanish ICO). The agreement, concerning the purchase of stakes either in Medea and in Gaxa was 
executed on 18 December 2019 as per what is explained hereinafter. 
On 25 September 2019 Italgas finalised the acquisition of the going concern related to the distribution 
of natural gas in the municipality of Cannara (Perugia) by Sienergas Distribuzione S.r.l.. 
On 1 October 2019 Italgas acquired by the Municipalities of Bientina, Buti, Calcinaia, Casciano Terme 
Lari and Palaia no. 2,897,778 shares of the company Toscana Energia increasing its equity investment 
in Toscana Energia from 48.68% to 50.66%. 
On 21 October 2019, the company Mediterranea was merged by incorporation into Italgas Reti, with 
legal effect as of 1 November 2019. 
On 15 November 2019, the Shareholders' Meeting of Medea Newco resolved to change its name to 
Gaxa S.r.l (“Gaxa”). 
On the same date, in order to comply with the Unbundling Regulation, which apply starting from the 
date on which Gaxa is able to sell natural gas in Sardinia, a partial demerger of the sale branch of Medea 
in favour of Medea Newco has been entered into, with effect as of 1 December 2019. 
On 12 December 2019, Seaside purchased the 10% of the corporate capital of Enerpaper, innovative 
start-up that holds a thermal insulation technology for buildings. 
On 18 December 2019, the Shareholders' Meeting of Gaxa S.r.l. resolved to change the company to a 
joint stock company with consequent change of company name and increase of the share capital (change 
with effect as of 14 January 2020). 
According to the agreement entered into on 1 August 2019 with fund Marguerite II, on 18 December 
2019, the Luxembourg funds Marguerite Gas IV S.à r.l. and Marguerite Gas III S.à r.l. respectively 
purchased 48.15% of the share capital of Gaxa and Medea. 
On 31 January 2020 the agreement for the sale of several non-core industrial assets between Italgas and 
A2A, signed on 7 October 2019, was finalised. In particular, Italgas Reti sold to A2A Calore & Servizi 
(A2A Group) the entire district heating business managed in the Municipality of Cologno Monzese 
(Milan); at the same time, Unareti (A2A Group) sold Italgas Reti its natural gas distribution business 
managed in seven Municipalities belonging to the Alessandria 4 ATEM. 
In compliance with the “Invitation to Submit Expression of Interest”, published on 9 December 2019, 
as part of the privatisation process launched by the Greek government, the expression of interest in the 
purchase of 100% of the capital of DEPA Infrastructure was presented on 20 February 2020. The assets 
transferred include more than 420 thousand re-delivery points in Greece and around 5000 km of low-
pressure networks. On 3 June 2020 the inclusion of Italgas in the short list of subjects admitted to the 
next phase of the tender for the acquisition was confirmed.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
On 15 July 2021, in compliance with the request for submission of binding offers for the acquisition of 
a 100% stake in DEPA Infrastructure, originally dated 7 August 2020, as subsequently amended Italgas 
submitted the binding offer for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of DEPA Infrastructure. At 
the beginning of September 2021, Italgas was selected as “Preferred Bidder” in such international tender 
process. It has agreed to pay a consideration equal to 733 million Euro for 100% of DEPA Infrastructure 
equity. On 10 December 2021, Italgas signed the relevant Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA). 
On 26 May 2020, Italgas Reti finalised the acquisition from AEG Soc. Coop. of 15% of the company 
Reti Distribuzione, which manages the natural gas distribution service in the territory of 49 
Municipalities located in Canavese, Valle Orco and Soana and in the Municipality of Saluggia. 
On 26 June 2020 Italgas established Italgas Newco. 
On 28 January 2021, under the framework agreement signed between Italgas and CONSCOOP on 28 
December 2020, the acquisition of the concession for the distribution of natural gas in the Municipality 
of Olevano sul Tusciano was concluded. The network extends for about 26 kilometers to cover a 
potential catchment area equal to a total of 2,500 resident families.  
On 26 April 2021, the merger by incorporation of Toscana Energia Green S.p.A. in Seaside, started on 
January 2021, was completed. The transaction took effect for accounting and tax purposes from 1 
January 2021 and for civil purposes from 1 May 2021. As a consequence, the share capital of Seaside 
is divided between Italgas (that, as said, holds 67.22% of the share capital) and Toscana Energia (that 
holds the remaining 32.78%). 
On 23 June 2021, as a result of a partial and proportional demerger of Italgas Reti of the IT business 
unit, the company Bludigit was established in order to rationalize the Group's activities and assets in 
the IT area and to propose a commercial offer of IT services by opening up collaborations with third 
parties to the Group. The rationalization of the Group's IT activities was completed on 1 July 2021 with 
the capital increase following the contribution by Italgas of the specific IT company branch pertaining 
to it.  
Following the framework agreement signed between Italgas and CONSCOOP on 28 December 2020, 
on 13 July 2021, Italgas through its subsidiary Medea finalized the purchase of the entire share capital 
of Isgastrentatrè, a company active in the natural gas distribution sector in Sardinia. On 28 January 2021, 
under the same agreement, the acquisition of the concession for the distribution of natural gas in the 
Municipality of Olevano sul Tusciano (SA) was concluded. The network extends for about 26 
kilometers to cover a potential catchment area equal to a total of 2,500 resident families. On 4 November 
2021 the merger by incorporation of Isgastrentatrè into Medea was finalized, effective from 14 July 
2021 for accounting purposes. 
At the end of June 2021 Italgas established Bludigit. Bludigit brings together all the IT activities of the 
Group and aims to give a further boost to the Group’s innovation and digital transformation. Bludigit 
will allow for greater internal efficiency within the Group, promoting further centrality with the Group’s 
digital transformation and offering new proprietary technological solutions out of the Group. Bludigit 
is the natural evolution of the digital transformation path undertaken by Italgas starting from 2017 and 
will allow to further rationalise IT activities in terms of efficiency and internal cost control while 
developing new synergies inside and outside the Group in a service provider logic. Through the new 
company, the Group will offer state-of-the-art proprietary digital solutions by making the skills and 
applications developed in-house available to other operators in the energy and infrastructure sectors. 
On 2 August 2021 the extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Seaside approved the transformation 
from a limited liability company (S.r.l.) into a joint stock company (S.p.A.).

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
On 9 November 2021 the process of merger by incorporation of Isgastrentatrè into Medea has been 
completed, effective from 14 July 2021 for accounting purposes. 
On 1 December 2021 Seaside executed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Fratelli Ceresa, 
a company specialising in the supply of energy services. Fratelli Ceresa, founded in 1921 and based in 
Beinasco (TO), has a significant portfolio of 3,700 customers, in over 800 condominiums, mainly 
located in the Turin area. 
On 2 March 2022, with an outlay of $ 15 million, Italgas strengthened its partnership with Picarro Inc. 
through the acquisition of a minority stake in the capital of the US technological start-up company and 
world leader in sensors applied to gas distribution network monitoring as well as technologies for 
sectors characterised by the need to have extremely sensitive detection, such as environmental 
measurements relating to the 23 concentration of dangerous atmospheric pollutants, and the electronics 
industry for the identification of impurities in the environments dedicated to semiconductor production. 
On 7 April 2022, the non-proportional and asymmetrical demerger of Valdarno was executed in favour 
of the newly incorporated company Immogas S.r.l., fully participated by Toscana Energia and to which 
the assets and contractual relationships subject to the demerger were assigned. Following the demerger, 
Valdarno is wholly owned by the Municipality of Pisa.  
On 4 May 2022, the closing of the operation by which Edison acquired a majority stake in Gaxa, a 
company which markets and sells natural gas, LPG and propane air for civil use through networks in 
Sardinia, was finalised. The new shareholding structure of Gaxa is composed of Edison (70%), Italgas 
(15.56%) and Marguerite (14.44%). The partnership with a leading operator specialising in retail 
activities strengthens Gaxa’s commercial presence and outlook for development, with positive impacts 
on the investment plan for Sardinia promoted by Italgas.  
On 20 July 2022, the process of merger by incorporation of Fratelli Ceresa into Seaside has been 
completed, effective from 1 January 2022 for accounting purposes. 
On 1 September 2022, Italgas Newco S.r.l. executed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of 
Depa Infrastructure. Depa Infrastructure is the company that owns 51% of the share capital of EDA 
Thess; 100% of the share capital of EDA Attikis; 100% of the share capital of DEDA. The transaction 
was finalized following the fulfilment of the conditions precedent set forth in the Sales and Purchase 
Agreement and was financed by Italgas liquidity. 
On 19 September 2022, the extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Italgas Newco S.r.l. approved the 
transformation from a limited liability company (S.r.l.) into a joint stock company (S.p.A.). 
On 19 September 2022, the extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Seaside S.p.A. resolved to change 
its name to Geoside S.p.A. 
Business Overview  
The following map illustrates the Italgas Group' redelivery points in Italy7 as at 30 June 2022. 
 
 
7 The territorial presence where Italgas exercises control is shown in blue, the presence through investee companies over which 
it does not exercise control is shown in green.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
  
Business Activities of Italgas 
The natural gas distribution business operates on a concession regime through the conferral of this 
service by local public authorities (see "Gas Distribution Concessions" below); it consists of the service 
of transportation through medium and low pressure pipeline networks of the natural gas, belonging to 
sales companies or other entities authorised to sell gas to end-customers, from delivery points at the 
metering and pressure reduction stations (city gates) to redelivery points to the end customers 
(households, businesses, etc). The Issuer through its subsidiaries carries out natural gas distribution 
activities using an integrated system of infrastructures comprising stations for withdrawing gas from 
the transport network, pressure reduction plants, the local transportation and distribution networks, user 
derivation plants and redelivery points comprised of technical equipment including meters for the end 
customers. 
As reported in the consolidated financial statements of Italgas as at 30 June 2022, Italgas Group is the 
leading operator in the natural gas distribution business in Italy with 1,838 municipal concessions (of 
which 1,776 were in operation and 62 had yet to complete and/or create networks) and more than 72,889 
kilometres of medium and low pressure transportation network as at 30 June 2022. 
The Issuer owns minority shareholdings or 50:50 equal shareholdings in companies that operate directly 
or through their own subsidiaries gas distribution concessions as set out in the table below. These 
companies are not consolidated by the Issuer.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Company 
Shares held 
by the Issuer 
Umbria Distribuzione Gas 
45% 
Metano S. Angelo Lodigiano 
50% 
Gesam Reti 
42.96% 
Reti Distribuzione 
15% 
In particular: (i) the remaining share capital of Umbria Distribuzione Gas is owned by ASM Terni S.p.A. 
(40%) and Acea S.p.A. (Acea) (15%); (ii) the remaining share capital of Metano S. Angelo Lodigiano 
is owned by the Municipality of S. Angelo Lodigiano; (iii) the remaining share capital of Gesam Reti 
is owned by Lucca Holding S.p.A (56.71%) and the Municipality of Capannori (0.33%); and (iv) the 
remaining share capital of Reti Distribuzione is owned by AEG Soc. Coop. (85%). 
Gas Distribution Concessions  
The gas distribution business of the Issuer is dependent on concessions awarded by Italian local 
authorities after a public tender process.  
Each concession is governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring the relevant concession 
holder to comply with its obligations. Each concession holder is subject to penalties or sanctions for the 
non-performance or default under the relevant concession. Failure by a concession holder to fulfil its 
material obligations under a concession could, if such failure is left unremedied, lead to early 
termination by the grantor of the concession. 
On the basis of the new legislation introduced through four Ministerial Decrees issued in 2011, and 
which are now in force for all public tender offers launched after June 2011, the public tender process 
for gas distribution concessions is no longer managed by individual municipalities (Comuni) 
(previously numbering approximately 7,000) but by a reduced number (177) of "multi-municipality 
areas" ("ATEM") which were identified by Ministerial Decrees dated 19 January 2011 and 18 October 
2011. 
MD 226 (also defined as the Tender Criteria Decree) prescribes the criteria to which each tender 
process must conform, while Ministerial Decree of 4 May 2011, adopted in conjunction with the 
Ministry of Work and Social Policy (Ministero del Lavoro e delle Politiche Sociali) is aimed at 
protecting employment levels subsequent to the awarding of new gas distribution concessions. 
With regard to gas distribution concessions, Article 14, paragraph 8 of Legislative Decree No. 164 of 
2000 establishes that the new operator is obliged, inter alia, to pay a sum to the outgoing distributor 
equal to the Reimbursement Value for the plants whose ownership is transferred from the outgoing 
distributor to the new operator. Specifically, MD 226 provides that the incoming operator acquires 
ownership of the facility with payment of the reimbursement to the outgoing operator, with the 
exception of any portions of the facility already under municipal ownership or which become 
municipally owned as a result of any free donations. 
As a result of these regulations, there could be cases in which the amount to be reimbursed is lower or 
higher than the value of the Regulatory Asset Base (RAB).  
The estimated RAB of the Italgas Group with reference to the investments made until 31 December 
2021 was approximately €8.2 billion17, as the sum of the Local RAB of approximately €7.8 billion and 
the Centralised RAB of approximately €0.3 billion.  
 
17 RAB refers to the last RAB defined for regulatory purposes related to the investments made until 31 December 2021, within 
the definition of the reference tariffs and related to the companies included in the scope of consolidation (Italgas Reti, Medea, 
Toscana Energia).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
The Reimbursement Value of the total portfolio of the concessions of the Italgas Group, net of free 
assignments, is based on the method provided for by Article 5 of MD 226, as amended, and by the 
guidelines, making an exception for concessions that, based on the aforementioned regulation, provide 
for specific contractual stipulations regarding the calculation of the Reimbursement Value (Roma 
Capitale, City of Venice, Naples and other smaller municipalities).  
It is possible that the Reimbursement Value of the concessions resulting from the tenders, where a third 
party is an assignee, is below the value of the RAB. Such a case could have negative effects on the 
assets and the balance sheet, income statement and financial position of the Italgas Group. 
In 2012, Italgas Reti won the tender awarding the concession for natural gas distribution service in the 
Municipality of Rome, which represents the most significant concession in Italgas' portfolio (Roma 
Capitale concession includes about 1.3 million RPs out of a total for the Italgas Group of about 6.5 
million equal to approximately 20%). Upon the outcome of the tender, for which the Local Tender 
Processes regulation still did not apply, a service agreement was signed with a term of 12 years, which 
is due to expire on 20 November 2024. The municipality of Rome has made the network, facilities and 
buildings instrumental to the service available to Italgas Reti for the entire term of the service agreement. 
The Reimbursement Value for the Roma Capitale concession was estimated as the sum of: 
(i) the amount paid to the municipality of Rome at the beginning of the concession (November 2012) 
as a one-off payment for the management of the service, net of amortisation as of 31 December 
2021 calculated for the duration of the agreement and on the basis of the remaining Reimbursement 
Value at the end of the concession, as provided for in the agreement; and 
(ii) the value of cumulative investments starting at the beginning of the concession, in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the agreement, and, in particular, with reference to their partial 
acknowledgement within the Reimbursement Value, net of related amortisation. The contractual 
terms of the concession signed with the Roma Capitale provided that 50% of the investments made 
during the first three years of the concession will be free of charge. 
It cannot be excluded that, at the time of expiration of the service agreement, the difference between 
the Reimbursement Value and the RAB value relating to the Roma Capitale concession could be higher 
than the one estimated as of 31 December 2021. 
If concessions for municipalities previously managed by the gas distribution companies of the Italgas 
Group are awarded, based on the analyses conducted by the regulatory framework in force and under 
the scope of existing IAS/IFRS international accounting principles, the event would be represented in 
the financial statements together with the situation before the tender and thus without recording the 
greater values.  
Because of the complexity of the applicable regulations, this could result in the risk of different 
interpretations, with possible negative effects on the balance sheet, income statement and financial 
position of the Italgas Group. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no specific interpretations were noted 
of the above-mentioned applicable legislation that could cause negative effects on the assets and the 
balance sheet, income statement and financial position of the Italgas Group. 
See section "Regulatory and Legislative Framework" – "Principal Legislation regarding regulation of 
the Issuer" and "Regulatory and Legislative Framework" – "Regulatory – Tariffs" below.  
As at 30 June 2022, Italgas Group held 1,838 active concessions representing over 7.6 million redelivery 
points. Of these, 1,414 concessions representing approximately 5 million redelivery points (or 75% of 
total redelivery points) have expired. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no significant data 
regarding participation by the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries in tenders for distribution

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
concessions or historical success rate in terms of winning distribution concessions because the new 
tender concession regime has been in place for only a short period. Italgas Reti will evaluate, on a case 
by case basis, whether to participate in future tenders for gas distribution concessions taking into 
account, among other things, the economic and other conditions described in the relevant tender bid.  
It should be noted, however, that issues surrounding the expiry date of concessions affect not only the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries but all operators in the Italian gas distribution sector since the matter is 
regulated by provisions of law. In addition, as natural gas distribution has been qualified as a public 
service by the Letta Decree, when a concession expires, Italgas Reti and its relevant subsidiaries will 
continue to provide (and be remunerated for) the service under the terms of the expired concession until 
a new concession has been awarded. It should also be noted that, as described above, where an operator 
is not awarded a concession it currently operates, the same is entitled to receive a compensation amount 
or indemnification payment. See also section "Regulatory and Legislative Framework" below. 
Gas Distribution Concessions in Greece 
The expiration and renewal of the gas distribution concession in the Hellenic Republic (Greece) are 
governed by the Greek Energy Law, which was partially modified (i.e. articles 2, 80Γ and 88) by the 
Greek law 4812/2021, issued on 30 June 2021. According to the amendment, the term of the license is 
set at at least twenty years and can be extended to an additional thirty years upon expiry of the original 
license following the application of the license holder. 
The extension application must be submitted by the manager one year before the deadline, which is 
currently scheduled for 2043. The renewal takes place through a "act with declaratory effect" issued by 
the Greek Energy Authority. The lack of specific conditions according to which this act is approved 
generates a risk of uncertainty, even if with Law 4951-2022 (Art. 134) there is the introduction of a 
reimbursement value equal to the value of the RAB at the end of the license plus a premium of 15%. 
Failure to renew the concession could have significant negative effects on the operations of the Depa 
Infrastructure group and limited impacts on the economic, equity and financial situation thanks to the 
definition of the redemption value. 
Key Operating Figures 
The table below provides some key operating figures for Italgas Reti and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  
2021 
2022 
Abs. 
change 
Change % 
Active meters (millions) * 
7.604 
7.591 
 (0.013) 
 (0.2) 
Installed meters (millions)  
8.563 
8.577 
0.014 
0.2 
Municipalities with gas distribution concessions (no.)  
1,837.0 
1,838.0 
1.0 
0.1 
Municipalities with gas distribution concessions in 
operation (no.)  
1,761.0 
1,776.0 
15.0 
0.9 
Distribution network (kilometres)  
72,503.1 72,889.0 385.9 
0.5 
Gas distributed (million cubic metres) ** 
5,087.1 
4,973.0 
 (114.1) 
 (2.2) 
  
  
  
  
  
* The figure for 2022 includes the effects of the sale of the re-delivery points in the Milan 1 ATEM to 
another operator, winner of the tender. 
** The figure refers to the first half of the year. 
Employees

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Italgas Group had 3,904 employees. The tables below show the number 
of personnel employed in each contractual position and the number employed by each company, 
together with a comparison against the previous year: 
Personnel in service by position (number) .................................... 
2020 
December 
2021 
Change 
Executives ........................................................................................... 
58 
64 
6 
Managers ............................................................................................ 
302 
309 
7 
Office workers ..................................................................................... 
2.195 
2.162 
-33 
Manual workers ................................................................................... 
1.430 
1.369 
-61 
 
 
 
 
 
3.985 
3.904 
-81 
Personnel in service by Company 
 
2020 
December 
2021 
Change 
Italgas. ...................................................................................... 
549 
452 
-97 
Italgas Reti .......................................................................................... 
2.941 
2841 
-100 
Italgas Acqua 
16 
19 
3 
Bludigit 
0 
92 
92 
Medea 
50 
60 
10 
Seaside 
23 
44 
21 
Gaxa  
14 
19 
5 
Toscana Energia 
380 
377 
-3 
Toscana Energia Green 
12 
0 
-12 
 
 
 
 
 
3.985 
3.904 
-81 
 
Health, Safety, Environment and Quality 
Italgas Reti was the first Italian company in the gas distribution sector to obtain recognition in the form 
of the "Integrated Quality, Environment and Safety Certification" in 2001 from the Det Norske Veritas 
(DNV) international certification organisation, and this was also extended to energy management in 
2012. Since then, every six months the Certification Organisation verifies compliance of the company's 
operations with international standards UNI EN ISO 9001, UNI EN ISO 14001, UNI ISO 45001 and 
UNI CEI EN ISO 50001 in order to maintain such certification. The commitment to areas such as the 
environment, health, safety and energy management, which are aimed at providing quality and customer 
satisfaction, are embodied in the adoption of the "Health, Safety, Environment, Quality and Energy 
Policy". 
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and given that the measures for containing it set out by the competent 
authorities shall be promptly implemented after issuance, the Italgas Group has established a Crisis 
Committee that has the task of constantly monitoring the current scenario and defining actions 
accordingly.  
As regard to the infectious viral pandemic, Italgas has adopted protocols concerning health, safety and 
organizational measures with reference to Authorities codes of conduct to counter the spread of 
COVID-19. Italgas has also launched a serological screening project for employees, and molecular test 
campaigns, aimed at preventing the spread of the virus. 
Research and Development 
In keeping with industry regulations in Europe (Energy Efficiency Directive) and Italy (ARERA 
regulations on responsibility for metering and in the area of implementing smart metering), Italgas Reti 
was one of the first distributors in Italy to provide its meters with advanced technologies and in 2009

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
launched the project "Remote meter reading at gas redelivery points". During the experimentation phase, 
application products and technological market solutions were closely evaluated. The new AMM-MDM 
(Automatic Meter Management and Meter Data Management) information systems, equipped with all 
functions to manage the reading system for remote meter reading and traditional meters, were released 
in August 2013 for industrial and commercial users and implemented in April 2016 for all other users 
(over 6 million). With regard to the development of remote meter reading, Italgas Reti implemented the 
Work Force Management system, making it possible to manage installation, configuration, activation 
and maintenance of remotely read meters by equipping operational staff with a single tool (tablets). 
In 2019 Italgas Reti started an experimentation on smart meter using NB-IoT communication protocol 
(5G) in order to improve communications efficiency and quantity from smart meters to central data 
management systems. 
Italgas' Debt Structure 
As of 30 June 2022, the debt of the Italgas Group is composed by approximately 88.9% fixed rate debt 
and by 11.1% floating rate credit lines. 
The decrease in fixed rate financial debt compared with 31 December 2021 is mainly attributable to the 
redemption of bonds maturing in January 2022 for an amount of €112.3 million and repayment of 
nominal of EIB loans for €20.6 million.  
The Company's current debt structure is composed by bonds with the following characteristics: (i) a 
nominal amount equal to €750 million issued on 19 January 2017, maturing on 19 January 2027 and 
having a fixed rate annual coupon equal to 1.625%; (ii) a nominal amount equal to €650 million issued 
on 14 March 2017, maturing on 14 March 2024 and having a fixed rate annual coupon of 1.125%, 
repurchased for a total nominal amount of €169.06 million on 11 December 2019 and later repurchased 
again for a further total nominal amount of €99.62 million on 16 February 2021 (the notes currently 
outstanding are in nominal amount equal to €381.33 million); (iii) a nominal amount equal to €750 
million issued on 18 September 2017 and reopened on 30 January 2018, maturing on 18 January 2029 
and having a fixed rate annual coupon equal to 1.625%; (iv) a nominal amount equal to €600 million 
issued on 24 July 2019, maturing on 24 April 2030 and having a fixed rate annual coupon equal to 
0.875%; (v) a nominal amount equal to €500 million issued on 11 December 2019, maturing on 11 
December 2031 and having a fixed rate annual coupon equal to 1%; (vi) a nominal amount equal to 
€500 million issued on 24 June 2020, maturing on 24 June 2025 and having a fixed rate annual coupon 
equal to 0.250%; (vii) a nominal amount equal to €500 million issued on 16 February 2021, maturing 
on 16 February 2028 and having a fixed rate annual coupon equal to 0%; and (ix) a nominal amount 
equal to €500 million issued on 16 February 2021, maturing on 16 February 2033 and having a fixed 
rate annual coupon equal to 0.50%.  
Italgas can also rely on four European Investment Bank (EIB) loans for a total amount of €807 million, 
intended for specific investment projects involving natural gas distribution. In addition to the Interest 
Rate Swap (IRS) contract signed on 15 January 2018 with seven-years duration to hedge a floating rate 
EIB loan (6M Euribor) totalling €360 million, on 24 July 2019, Italgas signed a new Interest Rate Swap 
(IRS) contract to hedge a floating rate EIB loan (6M Euribor) for a ten-years duration totalling initial 
€300 million in relation to the loan denominated "Italgas Smart Metering".  
In addition, last 20 September 2022 Italgas signed a new framework loan of 150 million euros with the 
EIB to support interventions to be carried out in Italy through Geoside, the Group's Energy Service 
Company. 
Furthermore, in October 2021 Italgas executed two fixed-rate bank loans in relation to the achievement 
of ESG targets, both with 3-year maturity and for a total amount of Euro 500 million, while in May

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
2022 the Company signed an additional floating-rate ESG bank loan, having 3-year maturity and for a 
total amount of Euro 250 million. All loans have been executed with leading Italian banks. 
As regards future financial strategy, Italgas's objective is to establish a financial structure (in terms of 
debt to Regulatory Asset Base (RAB) ratio, between short- and medium-to-long-term debt, fixed-rate 
and variable-rate debt, and bank credit granted and bank credit used) which, in line with the business 
objectives and the regulatory context in which Italgas shall operate, would guarantee access to the 
banking and bond market, ensure an adequate level of liquidity, while minimising the relative 
opportunity cost and maintaining balance in terms of the duration and composition of the debt.  
Enterprise Risk Management 
The Enterprise Risk Management (the ERM) unit reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer and 
oversees the integrated process of managing corporate risk for all Group companies.  
The main objectives of ERM are to define, implement, maintain and evolve a risk assessment system 
that allows risks to be identified, using standardised, group-wide policies, measured in terms of 
likelihood and impact, according to group risk scoring scales and prioritised, to provide consolidated 
measures to mitigate these risks, and to draw up adequate reporting. The ERM system adopted by the 
Italgas Group is based on existing international best practices (COSO Framework and ISO 31000). 
The ERM unit operates as part of the wider Internal Control and Risk Management System of Italgas. 
The ERM system enables dynamic and integrated group-wide risk assessment that bring out the best of 
the management systems in individual corporate processes. Group-wide risk assessment is performed 
on annual basis, while single risk information, evaluation and treatment activities are updated 
periodically (from semi-annual to quarterly frequency, based on risk severity). 
The findings, in terms of the main risks and the plans devised to manage them, are presented to the 
Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee and to the Board of Statutory Auditors so 
that an assessment can be carried out on the effectiveness of the Internal Control and Risk Management 
System with regard to Italgas' specific characteristics and the risk profile it has taken on. 
In addition, the ERM unit applies a specific methodology for the identification and quantification of the 
main risks and opportunities related to the Strategic Plan. The approach enables to assess the resilience 
of the Strategic Plan to context changes and to estimate the overall degree of variability of the Plan's 
financial targets generated by the potential occurrence of risk events. Outcomes of the analysis are part 
of the Strategic Plan (section "risk analysis") approved by the Board of Directors. 
Material Litigation  
The Issuer is currently party to a number of civil, administrative, criminal and tax, claims and legal 
actions that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Applicable accounting principles identify 
two different types of legal proceedings which have different ways to set aside provisions. 
According to the procedure known as "Financial Report" ("Bilancio") (Annex I), the relevant legal 
proceedings are those in which counterparties and/or third party claims are equal to or in excess of 
€150,000 and/or may produce material adverse effects on the Issuer image and/or reputation (the 
Relevant Proceedings). As a consequence, legal proceedings that do not comply with such 
requirements are considered not relevant (the Non-Relevant Proceedings).  
The accounting provision is calculated by aggregating the values of the liabilities that may arise in the 
event of a negative outcome of a Relevant Proceeding. It is usually carried out when the unfavourable 
outcome of the relative proceeding has a probability of occurrence greater than 50% and the burden's

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
amount can be estimated reliably. Instead, as regard the Non-Relevant Proceedings, the accounting 
provision is calculated as indicated below: a) for Proceedings with a petitum determined less than 
€25,000 the amount of the petitum; b) for Proceedings with an undetermined amount a lump sum of 
€25,000 per case; c) for Proceedings with petitum exceeding €25,000 and less than €150,000, an amount 
flat rate of €25,000 per case.  
As at 30 June 2022, in relation to the Issuer the risks provision for legal disputes was made for a total 
amount of €8.9 million. In making such provision, the Board of Directors has taken into account the 
potential risks relating to each claim and the applicable accounting standards on probable and 
quantifiable risks. The most relevant claims and proceedings are summarised below, together with an 
indication of the total amount claimed, if known. See "Risk Factors" - "Risks associated with legal 
proceedings and disputes". 
Criminal Proceedings  
Rome incident, Via Parlatore  
The Public Prosecutor of the Court of Rome opened an investigation against some managers of Italgas 
Reti in relation to the incident that occurred on 7 September 2015 during the implementation of 
interconnecting works between two polyethylene pipes in Via Filippo Parlatore and neighbouring 
streets in Rome. An explosion occurred during the course of the activities, due to a gas leak. The incident 
led to the death of an Italgas Reti worker and injured two workers of a third-party company. The Public 
Prosecutor in Rome, on 5 May 2017, filed a motion for dismissal (richiesta di archiviazione) for all the 
suspects. The dossier was submitted to the Judge for preliminary investigations (G.I.P.). At the hearing 
of 26 October 2018, the G.I.P. requested the Prosecutor to carry out further investigations.  
Following the further investigations, the Public Prosecutor filed, once again, a motion to dismiss for all 
the suspects. As a result of the opposition proposed by the offended parties, a new hearing was held on 
25 September 2020 before the G.I.P.. Following that hearing, the G.I.P. dismissed the Public 
Prosecutor’s motion and requested the Prosecutor to file charges (capi di imputazione) against the 
suspects. The Public Prosecutor issued the request for indictment for the suspects and the hearing before 
the Judge for the preliminary hearing (G.U.P.) was set for 26 May 2021. At the hearing the GUP ordered 
the indictment of the three Italgas Reti suspects. At the hearing on 22 January 2022 the relatives of the 
deceased Italgas Reti employee and two employees of the contractor who suffered injuries filed a civil 
claim. At the hearing on 6 April 2022 the trial judge decided on the admission of the evidence requested 
by the parties. The taking of the evidence commenced on 6 September 2022 and is scheduled to continue 
in January 2023.  
Cerro Maggiore/via Risorgimento Event 
The Public Prosecutor of Busto Arsizio opened an investigation regarding an accident which took place 
on 11 November 2015 in the Municipality of Cerro Maggiore during an emergency repair following a 
gas leak caused by some drilling works carried out by a third-party company laying optical fiber. On 
24 April 2017 the Public Prosecutor served notice pursuant to Article 415 bis of the Italian Code of 
Criminal Procedure (avviso di conclusione delle indagini preliminari) on certain employees of Italgas 
Reti and to Italgas Reti pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, for not having adopted adequate 
preventive measures to ensure work safety, together with certain employees of the third-party company. 
The position of the Employer (datore di lavoro ex Legislative Decree n. 81/2008) of Italgas Reti was 
dismissed (archiviata) on 27 April 2018, whereas the other employees were served with the request of 
indictment on 4 May 2018.  
 
At the preliminary hearing on 19 March 2019, the Judge for the Preliminary Hearing (G.U.P.) acquitted 
two of the Italgas Reti employees for not having committed the crime and convicted certain employees 
of the third-party company who had opted for the summary trial. The request for damage compensation

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
of the Municipality of Cerro Maggiore was rejected. Italgas Reti and its remaining three employees, as 
well as the remaining defendants of the third-party company, were indicted and the trial was scheduled 
to commence on 9 December 2019.  
 
At the hearing of 9 December 2019 and 13 January 2020 preliminary procedural issues were discussed. 
The judge rejected the challenges against the civil claim of the Municipality of Cerro Maggiore, 
considering that it could have suffered a reputational damage. The examination of the prosecution and 
defence witnesses, defendants and technical experts started on 7 September 2020 and ended on 19 April 
2021.  
 
At the hearing on 7 May 2021, the closing arguments of the parties took place. During this hearing, the 
Public Prosecutor requested the acquittal of the safety manager of Italgas Reti and the two employees 
of the third-party company, a suspended sentence for the other two defendants of Italgas Reti and a 
reduced economic sanction for Italgas Reti under Decree No. 231/2001.  
The judgment was issued at the subsequent hearing on 4 June 2021. Differently from the requests of 
the Public Prosecutor, one further employee of Italgas Reti was acquitted, while the other was convicted 
to a lesser penalty. The economic sanction for the 231 liability of the company was also set at minimum 
levels. 
 
Italgas Reti and its convicted employee filed the appeal against the decision on 14 October 2021. The 
prosecutor also appealed the decision. The appeal hearing has not yet been scheduled.  
Rocca di Papa Event 
The Public Prosecutor of Velletri opened an investigation for the incident that occurred on 10 June 2019 
in the Municipality of Rocca di Papa caused by the rupture of a Italgas Reti pipeline by a construction 
company that was carrying out works on behalf of the Municipality. The dispersion of gas produced an 
explosion and some persons were injured, two of whom died in the following days. The Public 
Prosecutor investigated persons unrelated to Italgas, i.e. employees of the construction and geological 
companies involved in the works. Italgas Reti, who is an aggrieved party - for the damages to its pipeline 
- cooperated in the investigation. The Public Prosecutor and the preliminary investigations Judge (GIP) 
carried out investigations in the area of the accident with the support of technical experts and Italgas 
Reti appointed its own experts. The technical report requested by the GIP was made available at the 
beginning of September 2020 and an evidentiary hearing (incidente probatorio) before the GIP took 
place on 16 October 2020. The preliminary investigation was completed on 28 April 2021. Two persons 
were added to the list of suspects: a further geologist (in charge of the checks on the pipeline on behalf 
of the construction company) and the municipal technician responsible for the procedure (RUP). The 
preliminary hearing before the Judge for the preliminary hearing (GUP) started on 9 November 2021 
and the notice of the hearing was served on Italgas Reti as an offended party. The RUP of the 
Municipality of Rocca di Papa is no longer among the defendants. At the hearing on 8 March 2022 
Italgas Reti filed its civil claim for damages. At the hearing on 15 March 2022 one of the defendants 
requested to summon Italgas SpA for civil vicarious liability. On 28 March 2022 the GUP rejected the 
request to summon Italgas SpA, whereas admitted the request to summon for civil vicarious liability 
the construction and geological companies and the Municipality. At the hearing of 12 July 2022 further 
summons for civil vicarious liability were requested and on 20 July 2022 the judge again rejected the 
request to summon Italgas for civil vicarious liability. As a result, Italgas Reti stands in the proceedings 
as civil claimant only. On 20 September 2022, the judge rejected some defendants’ requests to further 
investigate the conduct of Italgas in respect of the incident and decided for the indictment of the 
defendants (i.e. the employees of the construction and geological companies), setting the first trial date 
in May 2023.  
Ravanusa event

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
On 11 December 2021, an accident took place involving a section of the gas distribution network of the 
Municipality of Ravanusa (Sicily): a total of 9 (nine) casualties occurred and some buildings suffered 
collapse or damages. 
The Public Prosecutor of Agrigento started an investigation and on 31 December 2021 served notice 
("informazione di garanzia") to ten employees of Italgas Reti as required by law in order to carry out 
non-repeatable technical assessments ("accertamenti tecnici non ripetibili in contraddittorio").  
The initial technical assessments detected a breakage of a steelpipe installed along via Trilussa in 1988 
by Siciliana Gas (a company acquired by Italgas Reti in 2008). This breakage was subject to further 
metallurgical assessments, the results of which have not yet been disclosed. In addition, further technical 
assessments concerning gas odorization were carried out on gas and soil samples taken at the site of the 
event in the days following the explosion and confirmed that the odorant was present. 
Pursuant to Article 406 of the Italian Code of Criminal Procedure, in June 2022 the Public Prosecutor 
requested an extension of the time limit for the closure of the preliminary investigations for a further 6 
months, i.e. until 30 December 2022. Italgas Reti has offered since the beginning and continues to offer 
the highest cooperation and support to the investigating authorities. Currently it is not possible to predict 
the duration or the outcome of the investigations, which are protected by confidentiality.  
At present, no civil lawsuits have been initiated against Italgas Reti. A precautionary claim has been 
promptly opened with the insurance companies under the “third party liability” and “property” policies, 
in order to assure the orderly management of the requests for damage compensation, which are currently 
unspecified. 
Other Proceedings  
Comune di Venezia / Italgas Reti: Trib.Venezia 
After the conclusion of the administrative judicial proceedings (giudizi amministrativi) between Italgas 
Reti and the Municipality of Venice, in which the Courts stated the acquisition, free of charge, by the 
latter of the assets included in the "Block A", as well as the obligation for the Company to pay a fee for 
the use of the portion of network object of transfer without consideration, the Municipality of Venice 
has initiated in April 2019 a civil proceeding at the Court of First Instance in Venice (Tribunale di 
Venezia) in order to recover the amounts which it assumes due for the utilization by Italgas of assets of 
Block A. Italgas Reti has submitted its statements of defence (comparsa di risposta) in response to 
counterparty's claims and on 12 September 2019, at the first hearing, the parties have discussed their 
allegations. The following hearing, initially scheduled on 1 April 2020, for the admission of evidence 
supporting parties' statements, has been postponed to 23 December 2020 and then to 29 December 2020. 
The written briefs have been filed. The next hearing initially scheduled for the 28 October 2021, was 
postponed to 31 May 2022. On 6 october 2022 the judge ordered to Italgas Reti and to Municipality of 
Venice to lodge some documents and the next hearing was scheduled for 17 January 2023. 
Publiservizi S.p.A. / Italgas S.p.A.: Trib. Firenze  
On 25 July 2019, a writ of summons was served on Italgas by Publiservizi S.p.A. (Publiservizi) and 
other Municipalities with stakes in Toscana Energia which, claiming the alleged violation of a 
shareholders’ agreement signed between said parties and Italgas on 28 June 2018, demanded that Italgas 
be ordered to acquire a 3% stake in Toscana Energia or, in any case, to fulfil the aforementioned 
shareholders’ agreement and, in the alternative, to pay Publiservizi by way of compensation for 
damages for breach or, alternatively, by way of unjust enrichment. The first hearing, held on 14 January 
2020 before the Court of Florence, was first adjourned to 6 May 2020 and, thereafter, due to the health 
emergency, to 25 November 2020 and lastly to 28 April 2021. Italgas, which filed an appearance under 
the terms of the law, set forth all the exceptions useful to demonstrate that the counterparty claims are

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
groundless. At the moment, the next hearing initially scheduled for 17 January 2023, has been moved 
up to 25 October 2022.  
Italgas Reti / Comune di Roma: Trib. Roma 
The Municipality of Rome, where Italgas Reti carries out the service of gas distribution on the basis of 
a specific service contract, after a series of discussions aiming at reaching an agreement for the 
adjustment of timetable for the implementation of the Business Plan, which is an integral part of the 
above-mentioned Contract, charged Italgas Reti with alleged delays in the execution of the Plan itself. 
In rejecting the claims of the Municipality of Rome, Italgas Reti had already filed a recourse with the 
TAR Lazio on 11 January 2019 (RG no. 560/2019) for the cancellation of the notice with which the 
Municipality of Rome had started the procedure to apply liquidated damages and supplemented it on 
30 August 2019 due to reasons added following further notices of the Municipality of Rome. On 19 
December 2019, the Municipality of Rome served the Managerial Resolution dated 6 September 2019 
that: i) quantified the alleged amount owed by Italgas Reti by way of liquidated damages for the 
supposed delay in implementing the business plan covered by the gas concession contract, ii) levied the 
bank guarantee issued to guarantee the proper execution of the above Service Contract, in case 
liquidated damages would not be paid within the deadline of 90 days from notification of the resolution. 
With additional reasons (motivi aggiunti di ricorso) of 20 January 2020 in the proceeding RG n. 
560/2019, Italgas contested the above-mentioned Managerial Resolution at the TAR Lazio and asked 
for an interim measure aimed at suspending the Measure (provvedimento) in so far as it is illegitimate 
from different perspectives, including i) invalidity due to vagueness of the liquidated damages clause, 
ii) non-existence and/or in any case non-chargeability of the company for the non-fulfilments 
challenged by the Municipality of Rome, iii) waiver by the Municipality of Rome to promptly apply 
the liquidated damages clause, iv) violation of the procedure to impose such liquidated damages clause. 
While awaiting preliminary analyses and based on an outside legal opinion, the Company sees no risk 
of losing the case such as to record it in its financial statements. With Order (ordinanza) no. 1124/2020 
published on 21 February 2020, the TAR Lazio, raising doubts about the jurisdiction of the 
administrative court on this litigation, stayed the Measure with which the Municipality of Rome ordered 
Italgas Reti to pay liquidated damages until 18 March 2020, date on which the next meeting in chambers 
would be held. Such hearing was then postponed to 22 April 2020. In addition to that, Italgas Reti, on 
18 April 2020, filed before the Supreme Civil Court (Corte Suprema di Cassazione) a request for a 
judgment on the jurisdiction (regolamento preventivo di giurisdizione), with the aim of obtaining a 
judgment on whether the competence on such litigation rests on a Civil Court or on an Administrative 
Court. The hearing was scheduled for 15 December 2020. By Order (ordinanza) no. 254/2021, 
published on 11 January 2021, the Supreme Civil Court (Corte Suprema di Cassazione) stated that the 
competence on such litigation rests on a Civil Court. Therefore, on 11 February 2021, Italgas Reti 
resumed the judgment before the Civil Court of Rome and the next hearing had been scheduled for 29 
September 2021 and then to 11 January 2022. By Order (ordinanza) no. 4140/2020, published on 23 
April 2020, the TAR Lazio stayed the RG n. 560/2019 proceeding, pending the Supreme Civil Court 
decision, and did not confirm the interim measure initially issued by the above cited Order no. 
1124/2020 of 21 February 2020. Order no. 4140/2020 was annulled by the Council of State which 
issued an order on 19 June 2020 by means of which it confirmed the interim measure. Furthermore 
Italgas Reti filed before the TAR Lazio a recourse in order to have it ascertained the liability of the 
Municipality of Rome concerning the breach of certain provisions of the Business Plan and the order to 
pay damages suffered by Italgas Reti. By judgment (sentenza) no. 6472/2021 published on 31 May 
2021, the TAR Lazio (Tribunale Amministrativo Regionale) stated that the competence on such 
litigation rests on a Civil Court. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Italgas Reti has resumed the 
judgment before the competent Court of Rome (Tribunale Civile di Roma). The hearing has been 
scheduled for 20 September 2022 and has been postponed to 13 December 2022.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Seaside / GSE – TAR Lazio 
With reference to the monitoring initiated by the GSE on 55 packages of energy efficiency projects 
relating to the subsidiary company Seaside, in the months of March and April 2019 notices of 
cancellation for 2 packages of projects were received as well as the request of the supplementary 
documentation for the remaining projects. Seaside filed a suit before the TAR Lazio (Rome) against the 
April notification for the annulment of the same and additional reasons (motivi aggiunti) were 
subsequently filed against the further measures related to the April notification. In a communication 
dated 17 February 2020, the GSE notified the results of its monitoring on the remaining 53 files, 
highlighting the failure to meet requirements for the recognition of incentives on all the files examined. 
The GSE also specified that it was obliged to recover the amount already paid, in accordance with 
reimbursement methods that would be notified in subsequent communications. Seaside, which has 
carried out all the necessary technical and legal studies to accurately challenge the detailed observations 
put forward by the GSE, filed a suit before the TAR Lazio. The hearing, initially scheduled on 28 
September 2020, has been postponed to 9 December 2020 and then to 3 March 2021. The GSE rejected 
the interim measure and the final decision on the merit is yet to be delivered. On 7 September 2021 
Seaside filed another suit for the annulment of the same and additional reasons (motivi aggiunti) against 
the communication dated 18 March 2021 which had ignored the "Semplification Decree" that had 
introduced a significant regulatory change in the sector. 
At the same time, the reimbursement request has also arrived for the remaining 53 RVC was rejected.  
Italgas Reti / Comune di Cavallino-Treporti 
After the statements of the Council of State (Consiglio di Stato) on the acquisition, free of charge, of 
the assest included in the “Block A”, the Municipality of Cavallino-Treporti has initiated a civil 
proceeding at the Court of First Instance in Venice (Tribunale di Venezia) in order to recover the 
amounts which it assumes due for the utilization by Italgas Reti of assets of Block A. The first hearing, 
scheduled on 17 December 2020, has been postponed to 1 April 2021 and finally to 22 April 2021 for 
the admission of evidence supporting parties' statements and then to 13 January 2022 as final hearing. 
By judjement delivered on 27 June 2022 the Court of First Instance in Venice Tribunale (Tribunale di 
Venezia) rejected Cavallino Tre Porti’s suit.  
Successively, Cavallino Tre Porti appealed before the Court of Second Instance in Venice (Corte 
d’Appello di Venezia) and the next hearing is scheduled for 19 January 2023. 
Italgas Reti / 2i Reti Gas / Comune di Napoli 
Italgas Reti appealed before the Tar Campania the decision of Naples-1 local authority, awarding the 
tender to 2i RG and the next hearing initially scheduled on 8 september 2021, has been postponed to 8 
October 2021. By judgment no. 6744 dated 27 October 2021, TAR Campania rejected Italgas Reti’suit. 
Italgas Reti appealed before the Consiglio di Stato. The Consiglio di Stato also rejected Italgas Reti’s 
suit by judgment dated 1 June 2022. Italgas Reti has appealed before the Consiglio di Stato itself the 
judgement (Ricorso per revocazione) and the next hearing has not been scheduled yet.  
ARERA Proceedings 
A number of preliminary investigations (istruttorie) are currently being carried out by the ARERA with 
respect to different matters involving the Issuer Group's business activity.  
With Executive Resolution 4/2020/gas of 24 February 2020, the ARERA started a proceeding against 
Italgas Reti regarding the emergency call center. According to ARERA, Italgas Reti would not have 
been fully compliant with the safety and security standards prescribed by regulation. Italgas Reti replied 
to these allegations arguing that none of the rules has been infringed and that Italgas Reti guarantees

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
high security standards on a daily-basis. Nevertheless, with Resolution 74/2021/S/gas of 2 March 2021, 
Italgas Reti was ordered to pay a fine of Euro 500,000. On this judgment a suit was filed which is 
currently pending before the TAR Lombardia (Milan). The first hearing has not been scheduled yet. 
With Executive Resolution 34/2019/gas of 8 August 2019, the ARERA started a proceeding against 
Italgas Reti with the aim of verifying the correctness of certain internal procedures with the security 
standards set forth by ARERA. Italgas Reti argued that none of the procedures in force within the 
organisation clashes with the regulation and that any dated reference to past regulations, if any, does 
not affect security standards. Nevertheless, with Resolution 266/2020/S/gas of 14 July 2020, Italgas 
Reti was ordered to pay a fine of Euro 531,200. 
With Resolution 323/2017/S/gas of 12 May 2017, the ARERA started an investigation against Italgas 
Reti regarding the conduct of the personnel of emergency call center. Italgas Reti argued that the 
instructions given by the operators were fully compliant with the safety and security obligations 
prescribed by the regulation. Nevertheless, with the 328/2019/S/GAS Resolution (30 July 2019), Italgas 
Reti was ordered to pay a fine of Euro 469,000.00. By judgment n. 2441/2021 dated 5 November 2021, 
TAR Lombardia (Milan) rejected ARERA’s conclusion and ARERA appealed the judgment before 
Consiglio di Stato. The Consiglio di Stato, by judgment n. 2927/2022 partially confirmed TAR 
judgment regarding the fine but rejected the TAR judgment concerning awards for safety and security 
obligations. Consequently, on 9 September 2022, ARERA correctly returned to Italgas the amount of 
the fine (Euro 469,000).  
Meanwhile Italgas Reti has begun a new suit (“giudizio di ottemperanza”) to have a part of the TAR 
judgement concerning awards for safety and security obligations deserved by Italgas Reti enforced. 
Following the Consiglio di Stato judgment n. 2927/2022, Italgas Reti waived the suit.  
Resolution 33/2012/S/GAS - The ARERA has launched infringement proceedings against Italgas Reti, 
disputing, specifically, the failure, by the Company to comply, with regard to the Venice network 
distribution, with the obligation to recondition or replace, by 31 December 2010, at least 50% of the 
hemp- and lead-sealed joints in operation as at 31 December 2003, as set out in Article 12(7) letter b) 
of the Regulation of the Quality of Gas Distribution and Metering Services (Annex RGDQ to the 
Resolution ARG/gas 120/08 for years 2009-2012). At the end of the proceedings, by Resolution n. 
197/2017/S/gas Italgas Reti was ordered to pay the amount of Euro 204,000.00 Italgas Reti filed a suit 
against the above mentioned ARERA Resolution before the TAR Lombardia (Milan) which invalidated 
the resolution n.197/2017/S/gas and ordered consequently ARERA to refund Italgas Reti of the entire 
amount of the fine. Later after TAR Lombardia judgement, ARERA refounded the amount of the fine 
(Euro 204,000). ARERA appealed the judgment before the Consiglio di Stato that rejected ARERA’s 
appeal by judgment n. 3584 dated 9 May 2022. 
With Executive Resolution 13/2018/efr of 7 February 2018, the ARERA started a proceeding against 
Italgas Reti regarding alleged violation on Energy efficiency mechanism in 2016. Despite the detailed 
argumentation of Italgas Reti presented in a specific memorandum, with Resolution 415/2019/S/efr of 
23 October 2019, ARERA ordered Italgas Reti to pay a fine of Euro 1,614,000. On this judgment a suit 
was filed before the TAR Lombardia (Milan). The first hearing has not been scheduled yet.  
Resolution no. 98/2019/R/gas ARERA and Resolution no. 128/2019/R/gas ARERA 
By way of Resolution no. 98/2019/R/gas, ARERA approved the definitive reference tariffs for gas 
distribution and metering services for 2018. This Resolution has been followed by Resolution no. 
128/2019/R/gas, which approved the provisional reference tariffs for gas distribution and metering 
services for 2019. With the same Resolution ARERA announced that it will conduct further analyses 
regarding the tariff recognition of investments made in the municipalities whose first year of supply 
was 2017, following a petition submitted by Italgas which highlights an incongruity between what 
recognized by the Authority in 2018 (remunerated capital calculated with regard to standard parameters

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
for delivery points) and the amount that would result from the application of the tariff methodology in 
force.  
On 17 July 2019 Italgas Reti started a proceeding (Ricorso Straordinario innanzi al Presidente della 
Republica) against the Resolution no. 98/2019/R/gas and the Resolution no. 128/2019/R/gas. On 2 
October 2019, ARERA filed an instance for the transposition of the recourse before the competent 
Administrative Court. The recourse has been transposed before the competent Administrative Court. 
The first hearing has not been scheduled yet.  
Resolution no. 570/R/gas/2019  
A suit (ricorso giurisdizionale) was filed against ARERA Resolution no. 570/R/gas/2019 before the 
TAR Lombardia (Milan), notified on 24 February 2020, challenging the legitimacy of various points, 
including the planned reduction of operating costs recognised to the distributor, the reduced return on 
invested capital in metering activities, confirmation of the cap on investments in start-up areas, the 
planned single tariff for Sardinia using a balancing mechanism limited only to the first three years, and 
the inclusion of an x factor that remains constant for the entire regulatory period. The first hearing has 
been scheduled for 21 April 2022 and the final decision has not been delivered yet. 
Under the same suit, Italgas Reti requested the ARERA to transmit all the relevant documents used to 
set the tariff parameters considered not correct, thus detrimental to Italgas Reti. Despite a formal 
application having been sent to the ARERA, the Authority refused to make available the concerned 
documentation. Due to this refusal, Italgas Reti filed a specific suit (ricorso per diniego di accesso agli 
atti) which recently (on 4 August 2020) led to a judgment of the TAR Lombardia (Milan). Backing 
Italgas Reti position, ARERA was ordered to send all the documents to Italgas Reti within the following 
30 days. 
ARERA failed to comply with the 30 days deadline. As a consequence, Italgas Reti duly began a new 
suit in order to obtain the enforcement of the aforementioned judgment. After being notified of such 
new suit, ARERA provided documentation to Italgas Reti. However, given the delay and the 
unsatisfactory level of the documents received, Italgas Reti replied to ARERA inviting the Authority to 
wholly abide by the judgment of the TAR Lombardia and therefore make available all the relevant 
documents, especially the internal ones, aimed at setting the level of both metering and gas distribution 
remuneration. The first hearing has been scheduled for 27 January 2021. Prudentially, Italgas Reti 
appealed the 4 August 2020 judgment of the TAR Lombardia (Milan) on compliance for the hypothesis 
in which the judgment is interpreted as excluding the access to the relavant document, especially the 
internal ones. Italgas Reti has renounced the suit for lack of interest (sopravvenuta carenza di interesse). 
By means of a preliminary application filed on 13 January 2021, Italgas Reti requested TAR Lombardia 
to order a technical exam (procedimento di verificazione) concerning the grounds for the suit against 
ARERA Resolution no. 570/R/gas/2019, with particular reference to the beta parameter, the initial level 
of recognised operating costs and the annual productivity recovery rate (x-factor).  
The TAR Lombardia has appointed two experts to conduct the technical review and the outcome of 
their analysis was released on 31 March 2022; the final ruling of the TAR, which should take into 
account the outcome of the technical analysis, is expected, but has not been delivered yet.  
Resolution 270/2020/r/efr 
A court claim (ricorso giurisdizionale) was filed against ARERA Resolution 270/2020/R/efr before the 
TAR Lombardia (Milan), notified on 13 October 2020, challenging the legitimacy of various points, 
including the mere confirmation of obligation year 2018 tariff contribution (which was determined under 
Resolution 487/2018/R/efr, abolished by TAR Lombardia (Milan) judgment no. 2538/2019), the 
confirmation of Euro 250 unitary tariff cap (abolished by the same judgment), the inclusion of the prices

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
of bilateral transactions in the calculation of the tariff contribution, the additional tariff contribution 
mechanism. The first hearing was held on 16 December 2020. During such hearing, only the issues 
relating to the violation of TAR Lombardia (Milan) judgment no. 2538/2019 were examined. On 18 
February 2021, TAR Lombardia (Milan) stated, without entering into the merits of the suit filed by 
Italgas Reti, that ARERA Resolution 270/2020/R/efr was not in contradiction with a previous judgment 
(TAR Lombardia n. 2358/2019) concerning "Energy Efficiency Certificates" (EECs); this latter 
established that the Ministerial Decree of 10 May 2018, in the part in which this latter quantified at 250 
Euro/EEC the maximum amount which could be reimbursed through tariffs for the purchase of the same 
EEC, exceeded the powers granted by law to ARERA to set tariffs. Italgas Reti has appealed such ruling; 
the Consiglio di Stato confirmed TAR Lombardia judgment of February 2021. The hearing on the merit 
of the case has not been scheduled yet by TAR.  
Resolutions 98/2016/R/Gas, 99/2016/R/Gas, 494/2018/E/Gas 
The judgement was set for the recognition of the extra-remuneration on investments incentivized in 2009 
and 2010 in the Municipality of Rome for the replacement of lead-hemp cast iron pipes (COSAP Rome). 
The first instance judgment concluded favorably for Italgas in November 2019 (judgment no. 
2430/2019). ARERA appealed the sentence to the Council of State. On 15 February 2022, the Council 
of State reversed the first instance judgment and upheld ARERA’s appeal. 
Resolution 413/2021/R/Gas 
On 6 December 2021, Italgas Reti challenged before TAR Lombardia the Resolution 413/2021/R/Gas, 
concerning the recognition of the operative costs for the natural gas metering service, related to remote 
metering of gas smart meters (telelettura e telegstione) for the year 2019, because ARERA failed to 
fully recognize the costs born by Italgas Reti for the service concerned. The next hearing has not been 
scheduled yet by TAR.  
After that, Italgas challenged before the same TAR Lombardia, with additional reasons (motivi 
aggiunti), the Resolution 114/2022 that stated "the initiation of the procedure for the redetermination 
of the recognition of costs for the natural gas metering service, relating to remote reading […] and to 
concentrators, for the years 2011 - 2016", indicating 31 October 2022 as deadline for completing its 
own verifications. 
Italgas also challenged ARERA’s silence regarding Italgas request (dated 28 December 2020) which 
concerned the recognition of additional operating costs related to remote metering for the year 2019 
and for the years 2017 and 2018. On 26 July 2022, the TAR Lombardia upheld the appeal of Italgas 
Reti, and consequently ordered to ARERA to adopt its final Resolution by 24 October 2022. ARERA, 
on 17 October 2022, appealed the aforementioned judgement.  
Resolution 269/2022/R/Gas 
On 22 September 2022, Italgas Reti challenged before the TAR Lombardia the Resolution 
269/2022/R/Gas related to the "Review of the regulation of the metering service […] in the natural gas 
sector" (“metering performance”). Italgas contested the combined provisions of the resolution related 
to the requested metering performances, the system of indemnities (“indennizzi”) for final customers 
and traders, and the covering cost mechanism for the gas distributor. The first hearing has not been 
scheduled yet.  
AGCM Proceedings 
Proceeding A 540 of 27 May 2020

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
By decision of 27 May 2020 – notified to Italgas on 3 June 2020 – the AGCM opened a formal 
investigation into Italgas for an alleged abuse of dominant position. More specifically, the investigation 
aims to ascertain whether Italgas has abused of the dominant position held in most of the cities 
comprised in Venice-1 ATEM (the company is indeed legal monopolist in Eraclea, Caorle, Cavallino 
Treporti and Jesolo, and major operator in Chioggia and Venice) by refusing to provide the tender 
authority with some information allegedly essential for preparing the call for tender for the gas 
distribution service in Venice-1 ATEM. The Company strongly challenges the allegations raised in the 
opening decision and believes to have always cooperated with the tender authority, providing the latter 
all the information required under the relevant regulatory framework. On 1 October 2020, Italgas 
submitted a set of commitments that – if accepted and made binding by the AGCM – would bring to 
close the case without the ascertainment of the infringement or the imposition of a fine. AGCM, 
considering the measures proposed by Italgas not manifestly unfounded, on 20 October 2020 admitted 
the commitments to the market test, setting the deadline of 20 November 2020 for submitting 
observations. On 21 December 2020 Italgas Reti - in the light of the observations received during the 
market test - submitted an integrated version of the set of commitments. On 3 March 2021, the AGCM 
accepted Italgas Reti commitments and, as a result, closed the investigation without ascertaining any 
infringement of competition law by Italgas Reti and requesting that Italgas Reti file a report every six 
months from the 30 June 2021 until the last call for tenders. On 30 June 2021 the Company presented 
a report concerning the compliance with the set of commitments previously submitted, as required by 
the AGCM. Furthermore, as requested by AGCM on 21 June 2021, Italgas Reti on 9 July 2021 has 
provided the data necessary for the publication of the tender notice. On 21 October 2021, AGCM sent 
to Italgas Reti the acknowledgment of the compliance with the commitments. Italgas Reti sent to 
AGCM the reports on June 2021, December 2021 and June 2022. 
Principal Shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer fully subscribed and paid-up share capital is 
€1,002,608,186.28, divided into 810,245,718 ordinary shares with no par value. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, there are no other classes of shares issued.  
On 19 April 2018, the Extraordinary Shareholders meeting resolved to increase the share capital by a 
maximum amount of 4,960,000.00 euro, through the issue of no more than 4,000,000 new ordinary 
shares to be assigned free of charge, pursuant to article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code, for a 
corresponding maximum amount taken from retained earnings reserves, for beneficiaries of the 
Incentive Plan18 approved by the Ordinary meeting of 19 April 2018, to be implemented no later than 
30 June 2023. On 10 March 2021, the Board of Directors resolved to: (i) freely allocate 632,852 
ordinary shares to the beneficiaries of the Incentive Plan given the rights assigned (the so-called first 
cycle of the plan) and accrued in accordance with the provisions of such plan at the end of the relative 
performance period (i.e. 2018-2020) and (ii) implement the first tranche of the capital increase aspect 
of the plan, taking a total of €784,736.48 from the retained profits of the issue of 632,852 new ordinary 
shares. On 9 March 2022, the Board of Directors resolved to: (i) freely allocate 477,364 ordinary shares 
to the beneficiaries of the plan given the rights assigned (the so-called second cycle of the plan) and 
accrued in accordance with the provisions of such plan at the end of the relative performance period 
(i.e. 2018-2020) and (ii) implement the second tranche of the capital increase aspect of the plan, taking 
a total of € 591,931.36 from the retained profits of the issue of 477,364 new ordinary shares. 
On 20 April 2021, the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting approved the 2021-2023 co-investment plan, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions described in the information document prepared pursuant to 
Article 84-bis of the CONSOB regulation approved with resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
 
18 Concerning the co-investment plan 2021-2023, adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting on April 20th, 2021. The plan involves 
selected managers of the Company and provides to defer the 35% of the accrued short term bonus into Italgas shares subject 
to a 3 year performance condition with a minimum, target and maximum performance levels. For more information concerning 
the co-investment plan, please refers to the Plan’s Information Notice published on Italgas website.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
subsequently amended and supplemented, and made available to the public in accordance with the law. 
In extraordinary session, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposal, in service of the 2021-2023 
co-investment plan, to increase the share capital, in one or more tranches, for a maximum nominal 
amount of €5,580,000.00, through the issue of a maximum of 4,500,000 new ordinary shares to be 
assigned free of charge, pursuant to Article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code, for a corresponding 
maximum amount taken from retained earnings, exclusively to the beneficiaries of the plan, i.e. 
employees of the Company and/or Group companies. 
Since 7 November 2016, the Issuer's shares have been listed on the MTA (mercato telematico azionario) 
division of the Borsa Italiana.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, on the basis of the shareholders' register, communications 
received pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) and other information 
available to the Issuer, as far as the Issuer is aware, the main shareholders directly or indirectly owning 
an interest greater than 3% of Italgas' share capital are (i) CDP, with an overall 39.49% stake of the 
ordinary share capital, held through CDP Reti and Snam, (ii) Lazard Asset Management with a stake of 
9.3% of the ordinary share capital (iii) Mr. Romano Minozzi who holds, also through his companies 
Iris Ceramica, GranitiFiandre and Finanziaria Ceramica Castellarano, 4.29% of the ordinary share 
capital;(iv) BlackRock with a stake of 4.3% of the ordinary share capital; (v) Credit Agricole with a 
stake of 4.0%. The remaining (free float) is held by other shareholders. See "Principal Shareholders" 
below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, based on information in Issuer's shareholders' register, 
communications received pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) and other 
information available to the Issuer, as far as the Issuer is aware, the shareholders owning interests in 
excess of 3% of the Issuer's ordinary shares are as follows: 
Declarant 
Direct shareholder 
Proportion of ordinary share 
capital (%) 
CDP 
 
CDP Reti 
26.01 
Snam 
13.48 
Lazard LLC 
Lazard LCC 
9.3 
Romano Minozzi 
 
Finanziaria 
Ceramica 
Castellarano 
0.22 
Granitifiandre 
0.025 
Iris Ceramica 
1.893 
Romano Minozzi 
2.14 
BlackRock 
BlackRock 
4.3 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
4.0 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Snam and CDP Reti are parties of a Shareholders' Agreement 
signed on 20 October 2016 relating to the equity investments which are held in Italgas, amounting to 
13.48%, and 26.01%, respectively (the Shareholders' Agreement). A purpose of the Shareholder's 
Agreement is to ensure a stable and transparent ownership structure and the general provisions of 
governance of Italgas upon the outcome of the Transaction. The Shareholders' Agreement has a term of 
three years and is renewable. Given such provision, the Italgas Shareholders' Agreement was 
automatically renewed for a further three years period.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
On 1 August 2019, CDP specified that, based on the evaluation of (i) the amount of the holdings of 
CDP Reti and Snam – controlled, by CDP, applied to the Shareholders' Agreement, equal to 39.55% of 
the share capital of the Issuer, (ii) the composition of the Board of Directors of Italgas and (iii) the 
results of the Shareholders meetings held starting from the demerger, there was deemed to be sufficient 
evidence of the existence of de facto control, in accordance with Article 2359 par. 1 n. 2 of Italian Civil 
Code and Article 93 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (TUF). Even after such 
requalification, there are no shareholders exercising the direction and coordination activities referred to 
in Articles 2497 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code over Italgas. 
Brief description of the main shareholders 
CDP S.p.A. and CDP Reti S.p.A. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CDP Reti holds 26.01% of Issuer's share capital.  
CDP Reti is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy and is 35% owned by State Grid Europe Limited, 5.9% owned by Italian institutional investors 
and 59.1% owned by CDP. 
CDP is a joint stock company (società per azioni) controlled by the Italian Ministry of the Economy 
and Finance (the Italian Ministry of the Economy and Finance holds 80.1% of the corporate capital of 
CDP, a broad group of bank foundations holds 18.4% of the corporate capital of CDP and the remaining 
shares - equal to 1.5% - are represented by own shares held by CDP). CDP's mission is to foster the 
development of public investment, local utility infrastructure works and major public works of national 
interest. 
Snam S.p.A. 
Snam holds 13.48% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
Snam, through its operating subsidiaries, is the leading operator in the regulated gas sector in Italy and 
one of the main regulated operators in Europe in terms of regulatory asset base (RAB). Snam's main 
business areas (namely transportation and dispatching, storage, and liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
regasification) are all regulated activities in Italy under the authority of the ARERA.  
Measures in place to ensure major shareholder control is not abused  
The Issuer has adopted a procedure for transactions with related parties issued in compliance with the 
provisions of the Article 2391-bis of Italian Civil Code and CONSOB Resolution No. 17221/2010; such 
procedure establishes the principles and rules to which the Issuer and its subsidiaries must adhere to in 
order ensure transparency and substantial and procedural fairness of related parties transactions.  
Management, Statutory Auditors and Committees  
Corporate Governance of the Issuer 
The Issuer adopts the traditional system of administration and control comprising of: 
• 
a Board of Directors (consiglio di amministrazione) responsible for the management of the 
Issuer; 
• 
a Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale), responsible for compliance with the law 
and with the By-laws, as well as observance of the principles of correct administration in the

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
conduct of Issuer's activities and to ensure the adequacy of the Issuer's organisational structure, 
the internal control system and the administrative/accounting system; and 
• 
the Shareholders' Meeting (assemblea dei soci), in both ordinary and extraordinary sessions, 
which has the power to resolve on, among other things, (i) appointment and dismissal of the 
members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors, as well as their 
respective compensation and responsibilities; (ii) approval of the financial statements and 
allocation of earnings; (iii) purchase and disposal of Issuer's own shares (azioni proprie); (iv) 
amendment of the By-laws; and (v) issues of convertible bonds. 
Independent Auditors were appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting following proposal from the Board 
of Statutory Auditors. 
The Issuer's corporate governance system will comply with the Code of Corporate Governance of Listed 
Companies promoted by the Borsa Italiana (the Code of Corporate Governance) and also with the 
Code of Corporate Governance issued in July 2018 by the corporate governance committee of the Borsa 
Italiana (the Corporate Governance Committee). 
On 31 January 2020 the Corporate Governance Committee published the new Corporate Governance 
Code (the New Code), applicable to companies with shares listed on the MTA division of Borsa Italiana 
as of the first financial year starting after 31 December 2020 informing the market in the report on 
corporate governance and ownership structures to be published during 2022.  
Therefore, on 18 December 2020 Italgas Board of Directors adhered to the New Code and has applied 
its recommendations from 1 January 2021. 
Code of Ethics, Principles of the Internal Control, and Enterprise Risk Management system and the 
management system for the prevention and fight against corruption  
The Issuer has adopted and is committed to promoting and maintaining an adequate internal control and 
risk management system, to be understood as a set of all of the tools necessary or useful in order to 
direct, manage and monitor business activities with the objective of (i) ensuring compliance with laws 
and company procedures, (ii) protecting corporate assets, (iii) managing activities in the best and most 
efficient manner and (iv) providing accurate and complete accounting and financial data.  
The Issuer also has adopted a code of ethics (the Code of Ethics). The Code of Ethics defines a shared 
system of values and expresses the business ethics culture of the Issuer, as well as inspiring strategic 
thinking and guidance of business activities. The Code of Ethics defines the guiding principles that 
serve as the basis for the entire internal control and risk management system, including (i) the 
segregation of duties among the entities assigned to the processes of authorisation, execution or control; 
(ii) the existence of corporate determinations capable of providing the general standards of reference to 
govern corporate activities and processes; (iii) the existence of formal rules for the exercise of signatory 
powers and internal powers of authorisation; and (iv) traceability (ensured through the adoption of 
information systems capable of identifying and reconstructing the sources, the information and the 
controls carried out to support the formation and implementation of the decisions of the Issuer and the 
methods of financial resource management).  
In this context, as well as for the purpose of implementing the provisions of the Code of Corporate 
Governance, the Issuer has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management system (ERM) composed of rules, 
procedures and organisational structures, for identifying, measuring, managing and monitoring the main 
risks that could affect the achievement of its strategic objectives. The Issuer, through the ERM system 
will adopt uniform and structured method identifying, evaluating, managing and controlling risks in 
line with existing reference models and best practice. 
At the end of 2021, Italgas and the subsidiary Italgas Reti have renewed for additional three years the 
certification in accordance with standard UNI ISO 37001:2016 that certifies the compliance of the

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
management system for the prevention and fight of corruption. Moreover, during the year 2021, also 
the Management Systems of Italgas Acqua, Umbria Distribuzione Gas, Metano Sant’Angelo Lodigiano, 
Medea, Gaxa, Seaside and Toscana Energia have been subject of the so-called "Maintenance audit" at 
the outcome of which the certification body DNV-GL confirmed the certification pursuant to the 
standard UNI ISO 37001:2016 obtained by the aforementioned companies in 2020. In the first three 
quarters of 2022 Italgas, Italgas Reti, Seaside, Toscana Energia and Medea have been subject to the 
“Maintenance audit” and their certifications pursuant to the standard UNI ISO 37001:2016 have been 
confirmed. For the other companies of the Italgas Group already certified pursuant to the standard UNI 
ISO 37001:2016 the “Maintenance audits” are scheduled in the second half of 2022, while for Bludigit 
the audit for the obtainment of the first certification pursuant to the standard UNI ISO 37001:2016 will 
be next November. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors has responsibility for the management of Italgas and is vested with full powers 
for management and, in particular, may take all actions it deems necessary for the implementation and 
achievement of any corporate purpose, excluding only acts that the law or the By-laws reserve for 
Shareholders' Meetings.  
On 26 April 2022, the Board of Directors of the Issuer resolved to reserve several powers exclusively, 
pursuant to Article 2381 of the Civil Code, to the Board of Directors and to assign certain powers to the 
Chairman and to the Director Paolo Gallo, who was appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
At the meeting on 26 April 2022, the Board of Directors reserved new specific powers pursuant to art. 
2381 of the Italian Civil Code for its exclusive area of responsibility, as well as those which cannot 
legally be delegated and those required by the Corporate Governance Code so as to incorporate in part 
the recommendations of the New Code and also so as to bring the powers in line with the new wording 
of the Board and Committee Regulations. The Board of Directors can always give directives to the CEO 
and recall transactions coming under its jurisdiction, in the same way as it can, at any time, revoke the 
proxies conferred, proceeding, in the case of the revocation of proxies conferred on the CEO, at the 
same time to appoint another CEO. The Board of Directors can also set up committees, deciding upon 
their powers and the number of members. 
Current Board of Directors Members 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the existing by-laws of Italgas, the Board of Directors of Italgas is composed 
of nine members. The Board of Directors appointed by the ordinary shareholders' meeting of 26 April 
2022 will remain in office for three financial years, until the date of the ordinary shareholders' meeting 
called for the approval of the 2024 financial statements. 
The table below sets out the name, office held and date and place of birth for each of the current 
members of the Issuer's Board of Directors: 
Name 
Office  
Date and place of birth 
Benedetta Navarra  
Chairman 
Rome, Italy, 1967 
Paolo Gallo 
Chief Executive Officer 
Turin, Italy 1961 
Claudio De Marco  
Director 
Cosenza, Italy, 1957 
Fabiola Mascardi 
Director 
Genova, Italy 1962 
Gianmarco Montanari 
Director 
Novara, Italy 1972 
Lorenzo Parola 
Director 
Cuneo, Italy 1969 
Manuela Sabbatini 
Director 
Rome, Italy 1972 
Shen Qinjing 
Director 
Haining, Cina, 1978 
Maria Sferruzza 
Director 
Palermo, Italy, 1970

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
On 26 April 2022, on the basis of the information provided by the parties concerned, the Board of 
Directors ascertained (i) the existence of the independence requirements pursuant to the Italian 
Legislative Decree n. 58 of 24 February 1998 (as amended and integrated from time to time) (“TUF”) 
and (ii) the existence of the independence requirements pursuant to the TUF and the Corporate 
Governance Code, also taking into account the quantitative and qualitative criteria applied to assess 
independence, as approved by the Board of Directors on 24 February 2021. As a result, on 26 April 
2022 the Board of Directors assessed the independence of three non-executive directors (i.e. Claudio 
De Marco, Fabiola Mascardi, Gianmarco Montanari), pursuant to both the TUF and the Corporate 
Governance Code. The director Mr. Lorenzo Parola declared that he possesses the independence 
requirements pursuant to the TUF. As at 26 April 2022, the Chairwoman was also independent pursuant 
both to the TUF and the Corporate Governance Code. 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each member of the Board of Directors is domiciled 
at the Issuer's registered office at Via Carlo Bo, 11, Milan, Italy.  
Below is a brief curriculum vitae of each of the members of the Board of Directors appointed by the 
Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer as at 26 April 2022, giving details of their skills and experience 
gained in business management. 
Benedetta Navarra (Chairwoman).  
She graduated cum laude in Economics and Commerce from the LUISS – Guido Carli University in 
Rome and in Law from the “La Sapienza” University in Rome, and qualified as a Lawyer, Chartered 
Accountant and Auditor.  
She has acquired considerable experience in the corporate law, banking and financial market sectors.  
She has also accrued significant experience in managing, including out-of-court, company crises, in 
project financing, securitisation of bank credits and the responsibility of intermediaries when providing 
investment services, also during penalty procedures adopted by the Supervisory Authority. 
She has assisted the Ministry of Economy and Finance with the privatisation of Banca Nazionale del 
Lavoro, Mediocredito Centrale – Banco di Sicilia, Credito Industriale Sardo, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti.  
She has held important national and international positions as a member of the Board of Directors, even 
in listed companies (Yapi Kredi Bankasi; Koc Financial Service; Yapi Kredi Sigorta), member of 
Supervisory Board (UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.; Ukrsotsbank PJSC), 
Chairperson or member of the Board of Statutory Auditors (Poste Italiane S.p.A., Equitalia S.p.A., CDP 
Reti S.p.A., Buddy Bank S.p.A., Guala Closures S.p.A., Isola dei Tesori S.r.l., DMO Pet Care S.r.l.; 
LVenture Group S.p.A., Sviluppo HQ Tiburtina S.r.l.) and as a member of the Supervisory Body (CDP 
Reti S.p.A., LVenture Group S.p.A., Promo.ter Roma).  
She is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Roma S.p.A., standing member of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Unicredit S.p.A., Italo S.p.A., Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A., member of the Board of 
Auditors of Fondazione Telethon, and is Chair of the Audit Committee of Unicredit BulBank and of 
the Supervisory Body of Equitalia Giustizia S.p.A. and ConfCommercio enterprises for Italy province 
of Roma Capitale. 
 
Paolo Gallo (CEO and General Manager20).  
 
Born in Turin, he has been the Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of Italgas since 2016 and 
is currently Vice President of GD4S. He has a degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the Polytechnic 
 
20 On 26 September 2016, the Board of Directors appointed the CEO as General Manager.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
of Turin. He later gained an MBA from the Scuola di Amministrazione Aziendale (SAA - Università 
degli Studi di Torino). From 2014 to 2016 he was CEO of Grandi Stazioni S.p.A., where he finalised 
the privatisation. Previously (2011 – 2014) he was firstly General Manager and then CEO of Acea one 
of the leading Italian multi-utility companies, listed on the Milan stock exchange. From 2002 to 2011 
he was part of the Edison Group, first as Director of Strategy and Innovation and later (2003 - 2011) as 
General Manager and then CEO of Edipower S.p.A.. 
He began his career at Fiat Avio S.p.A. in 1988 where he held various positions of responsibility for 13 
years. In 1997 he began to get involved in the energy sector developing new initiatives in Italy, India 
and Brazil and later combined all the electricity generation activities for the Fiat Group at Fiat Energia 
S.p.A. (where he was CEO until 2002), the vehicle through which the Fiat Group acquired control of 
Montedison in July 2001. 
Between 1992 and 1994 he was Director of the MBA course at the School of Business Management of 
the University of Turin, teaching “The economic-financial evaluation of industrial investments" until 
2002, and he was the co-author of important publications in the industry. Since 2018 he has been 
Associate Professor of the Re-engineering Operational Processes (Master Digital Ecosystem) and 
Energy Management (Master Energy Industry) courses at the Luiss Business School. 
Qinjing Shen (Director).  
He holds a Bachelor Degree and a Master’s Degree in Electrical Power System and its Engineering 
from Zhejiang University, China. 
Currently he holds the offices of Board member of CDP RETI S.p.A., SNAM S.p.A, Terna S.p.A and 
State Grid ‘s Chief Representative in Italy. 
He has held the position of Director of Department of Business Development&Strategy, State Grid 
International Development, LTD from 2016 to 2021. He has also acted as the Key Contact and 
Coordinator in CPFL Energy sophisticated transactions of Brazil (Deal size: 9 billion USD, including 
Controlling Block deal, Mandatory Tender Offers for CPFL Energy minority shareholders, Mandatory 
Tender Offers for CPFL Renewabie, Re-IPO of CPFL) and a Key player for State Grid’s other M&A 
deals (Chilquinta, Chile (2.5 billion USD, 2020) CGE, Chile (3 billion USO, 2021). 
He has held the position of Deputy Director of Department of Business Development&Strategy, State 
Grid lnternational Development, LTD from 2013 to 2016. As Project Manager and Key Contact of CDP 
Reti transaction (2.2 billion Euro) in 2014. Highly evolved in several Australia M&A transactions at 
that period for State Grid. 
He has held the position of Project Manager of Department of Business Development&Strategy, State 
Grid International Development, LTD from 2008 to 2013. As Project Manager acquired 7 transmission 
Concessions in Brazil from Spain investors (I billion USD) in 2010. Participating in the transaction of 
NGCP of Philippines (2009), REN of Portugal (2011). 
He has held the position of Dispatching Engineer of Dispatching Communication Center, Zhejiang 
Electric Power Company (a subsidiary of State Grid Corporation of China) (2003-2008). 
Maria Sferruzza (Director).  
She graduated cum laude in Industrial Engineering from Palermo University.  
In her first career years, her first position was Application Engineer with responsibility for development 
and commercial negotiations (1995-1997); she then acquired growing operational, commercial and 
strategic experience in General Electric S.p.A., as Application Engineer, Project Engineer, US Sales. 
She was then appointed CEO Analyst, coordinating Program Office activities and reporting directly to 
the CEO, in the Oil & Gas Division.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
In the following years, she has held considerably important positions such Marketing & Strategic 
Alliances Leader (2001-2003) and Sales Executive for the Southern Europe area (2003-2005).  
Between 2005 and 2011, she held the position of Operation Executive and was assigned full economic 
responsibility for the entire process services line and management of a team with varied skills. In the 
following years, she became General Manager for the Global Sales Service (2011-2013) and then Vice 
Chairperson of the Turbomachinery Service Operations (2014-2016).  
Her career at Baker Hughes began in 2017 as Turbomachinery and Process Solution LNG and Global 
Service President. In the following year she was appointed Senior Vice President for the Pacific Area, 
reporting directly to the EVP Global Operations. 
Since 2021, she has been Executive Vice President International Engineering, Construction & Solutions 
of Snam S.p.A (gas transmission), and is a member of important international and institutional bodies 
in the energy sector. 
Manuela Sabbatini (Director).  
She graduated in Economics from “La Sapienza” University in Rome and is enrolled in the Register of 
External Auditors. 
Beginning in 1999 and until 2016, her career was at KPMG S.p.A. where she held the position of Senior 
Manager in charge of activities to support listing processes, auditing in the financial areas of industrial 
groups or companies, and management of financial statement auditing. She was also a member of the 
internal function assigned to provide technical-professional guidelines for professional personnel.  
After that, between 2016 and 2019, she was Head of the Group Accounting Rules and Group Financial 
Statements organisational unit in Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A., where she had several roles and 
responsibilities, mainly involved in preparing consolidated financial statements and the relative reports, 
management of relations with the other Group functions and companies; analysis and interpretation of 
regulations referred to accounting and financial statements, establishing the accounting treatments of 
the transaction related to Group’s subsidiaries subjected to management and coordination. 
Since 2020, she has been Director of Internal Audit in Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. with 
responsibility for the Internal Audit Function, acting to ensure coordination of the Group’s Internal 
Audit functions, of companies within the scope of reference and support for the Company’s Supervisory 
Body, in order to check the effective application of the Organisation, Management and Control Model, 
promoting the methodological and developmental coordination of information synergy between the 
Supervisory Bodies of subsidiaries. 
She has also been a member of the CDP Group Funds consultation Committee (2017-2019), Director 
of CDP Investimenti SGR S.p.A., now CDP Immobiliare SGR S.p.A. (2019-2020), Director of FSIA 
Investimenti S.r.l. (2017-2021); member of the Board of Directors of the CDP Foundation (2020). 
Claudio De Marco (Director)  
He graduated cum laude in Economics and Banking from Siena University; he then obtained a master’s 
degree in “Management Control” from the SDA Bocconi School of Management in Milan. 
He is a chartered accountant and auditor. 
In his first career years, he held top management positions in the finance area of the ENI Group, with 
responsibility for Management Control, Administration, Taxation, yearly and consolidated Financial

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Statements and Treasury. In the same period, he was a member of the Board of Directors of several 
Italian companies active in the Exploration & Production, Gas & Power and renewables sectors. 
In 2000 he held the position of CFO of SNAM, with specific responsibilities in managing the impacts 
arising from the natural gas liberalization process. Moreover, after the unbundling of gas transmission 
networks, he also took part as team leader in the process to list the gas transmission network under the 
name Snam Rete Gas on the Milan Stock Exchange and became its CFO (2001- 2007). He also was 
CFO Italgas S.p.A. 
At that time, he also was a Board director of GNL Italia (storage), Director of Napoletana Gas and in 
minor companies. 
Since 2008, he acquired considerable experience internationally: until 2012 he was CFO and Executive 
Director of GALP, a company based in Lisbon operating in the hydrocarbon sector in more than 20 
countries and listed on the Portuguese stock market. 
In the second half of 2012, he held the positions of CFO in South Stream (2012-2014) company based 
in Amsterdam; afterwards, he became CEO of ENI INTERNATIONAL BV (2015-2016) also 
headquartered in Amsterdam; at the end of 2016, he was named CEO of ENI UK LTD (2016-2017) 
located in London. 
In the period between 2018 and 2021 he performed advisory, strategic planning and corporate 
governance activities. 
Lorenzo Parola (Director).  
Lorenzo Parola is the Founding and Managing Partner of Parola Angelini Studio Legale. Mr Parola is 
both admitted to the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) and as a Solicitor of England and 
Wales. He is one of the leading energy and energy technology lawyers in Italy having been involved in 
some of the most complex and “first of a kind” transactions in the sector.  
Mr Parola advises infrastructure funds, utilities and oil majors in domestic and cross-border M&A 
transactions in the oil & gas, power, renewables, energy transition and circular economy sectors. He 
has a substantial track-record on permitting, contractual and regulatory issues related to the 
development of energy infrastructures, including renewables and CCGT plants, interconnectors, LNG 
regasification terminals and gas storages. He is recognized an unparalleled expertise in industry 
specialty contracts such as PPAs, tolling arrangements, take-or-pay GSAs and LNG SPAs, pipeline 
transportation agreements, EPC contracts, energy efficiency contracts, physical and financial energy 
trading, including CO2, blockchain and smart contracts. He is regularly instructed, either as counsel or 
arbitrator, in the context of national and international arbitrations pertaining to gas sales agreements and 
in the construction sector.  
He is a Visiting Professor at various masters and advanced university courses (LL.M. in Law of Internet 
Technology of Bocconi University, Master in Energy Management (MEM) of Business School 
Polytechnic of Milan, II Level Master in Energy Efficiency and Industrial Sustainability – Master di II 
livello in Efficienza Energetica e Sostenibilità nell’Industria of Turin Polytechnic). Together with 
Public Affairs Advisors and Ref-e, he founded the Italian PPA Committee and, subsequently, the E-
Innovation Committee, networks dedicated to, respectively, grid parity power and energy transition that 
gathered more than 60 members among which energy producers, traders, final customers and financial 
institutions.  
He is actively devoted to pro bono projects in favour of its own Community, with a focus on teaching 
education to legality and fighting cyber-bullying in secondary schools.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
He founded the Italian PPAs Committee and the E-Innovation Committee, dedicated respectively to 
market parity and energy transition, grouping together producers, traders, end customers and banks.  
Fabiola Mascardi (Director). 
She graduated in Law from Genoa University, with a Master’s in International Law, Common Law and 
German competition law; she also obtained a PhD in International Law.  
After enriching her experience internationally by taking part in PhDs in several important European 
universities, between 1993 and 2003, she was a Director with the European Community Court of Justice, 
a member of the General Management Competition, of the Legal Service, of the Cabinet of 
Commissioner Monti, member of the Cabinet of the Deputy Chairman and head of EU Transport Policy, 
and member of the Commission Delegation in Italy.  
After a long experience as Head of External Relations for Ansaldo Energia (2007-2012), she became 
Chairperson of SAP, Società Acque Potabili (2014-2015) and then Chairperson of Mediterranea Acque 
(2015-2017), both companies managing the integrated water cycle in Italy. Between 2013 and 2017, 
she was a Director on the Board of IREN Energia (electricity generation and district heating), and a 
member of the directive council of the Association Genova Smart City and of ISSUGE.   
After that, she became a member of the Board of Directors of the multi-utility IREN S.p.A., as well as 
being Chairperson of the Compensation and Appointments Committee, member of the Committee for 
Related Parties (2013 – 2019). In 2019, she became Chair of IREN Ambiente S.p.A., a Group company 
that manages the waste cycle in north Italy.  
From 2019 to 2021, she was a member of the Board of Directors of ASTM S.p.A., a company 
operational in the management of motorway networks, implementation of infrastructural building, 
planning and telecommunications works, also as a member of the Compensation and Appointments 
Committee and Chair of the Sustainability Committee.  
Since 2017, she has been a member of the Board of Directors of Enav S.p.A.; since 2018, a member of 
the Board of Directors of Ansaldo Energia, where she is also a member of its Compensation and 
Appointments Committee and its Sustainability Committee. Since May 2021, she has been a member 
of the Board and Lead Independent Director, a member of the Risks, Sustainability and Related Parties 
Committee, Member of the Compensation and Appointments Committee of Antares Visione.  
Gianmarco Montanari (Director).  
 
Gianmarco Montanari is an experienced General Manager, actually IIT (Italian Institute of Technology) 
Director General. He is married with two children. 
Previously, he was City Manager (i.e. Managing Director) of the City of Turin. He worked as CFO in 
a Swiss multinational company in the automotive field, partner in Management Consulting, General 
Manager in Unicredit Bank and Managing Director of Equitalia. 
He graduated in Industrial Engineering at Politecnico di Torino. After that, he graduated also in 
Management, Economy, Political Science and Law. Also, he obtained several specializations in 
Business Management attending prestigious business schools (Harvard, Columbia, Insead, IMD and 
Bocconi). He is certified in Corporate Governance as Board Director Diploma awarded with Distinction 
at IMD of Lausanne, as International Directors Program, at INSEAD and at the Harvard Business 
School. 
He is author of the book “The Samsung Way” about the success of Samsung Corporation and a growing 
country like South Korea explaining a comparison with the Italian industrial history from reconstruction 
period to the present day.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
In March 2019 was released his second book "Tech Impact – Lights and shadows of technological 
development" which deals with advantages and disadvantages of technology: it retraces case histories 
and macro-trends to find potential solutions in response to outstanding problems of our future. 
He has been also Board Member of University of Turin, Agenzia delle Entrate (Italian Revenue Agency), 
Agenzia per l’Italia Digitale (AGID), Tinexta (Italian Listed, ICT, Euronext Tech Leaders Index), 
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of FinecoBank (3th Italian Listed Bank) and Chairman of 
the Risk & Audit Committee of Italgas (Italian Listed, Energy). 
He was awarded the position of "Officer of Merit" of the Italian Republic by the President of the 
Republic Mattarella. 
Significant positions held by the members of the Board of the Directors outside the Issuer's Group  
The table below lists the significant positions on board of directors, boards of statutory auditors and 
supervisory committees, as well as other positions, other than those within the Issuer’s Group, held by 
the members of the Board of the Directors:  
 
Name 
Company 
Office/Stake held 
Status of the office 
/ stakeholding as at 
the date of this 
Base Prospectus  
Benedetta Navarra 
Unicredit S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
In office 
A.S. Roma S.p.A. 
Aeroporti di Roma 
S.p.A.  
Italo S.p.A. 
 
Director 
Standing Auditor 
Standing Auditor 
In office 
In office 
In office 
 
Paolo Gallo 
none  
none  
none  
Qinjing Shen 
CDP Reti S.p.A. 
Snam S.p.A. 
Terna S.p.A. 
State Grid 
Director 
Director 
Director 
Chief 
Representative in 
Italy 
In office 
In office 
In office 
In office 
 
Maria Sferruzza 
none 
none 
none 
 
Manuela Sabbatini 
none 
none 
none 
 
Claudio De Marco 
none 
none 
 
none 
Lorenzo Parola 
none 
none 
 
none 
Fabiola Mascardi 
Antares Vision S.p.A. 
ENAV S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Director 
In office 
 
In office 
Gianmarco Montanari 
FinecoBank S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
Tinexta S.p.A. 
Director and 
Chairman of the 
Remuneration 
Committee 
Director 
In office 
 
 
 
 
In office

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Board of Directors – Committees 
Pursuant to Article 13.8 of the by-laws of Italgas, the Board of Directors can set up internal committees 
to assign consultation and proactive powers on specific subjects. Specifically the Board of Directors (i) 
on 4 August 2016, set up a control and risks and related-party transactions committee (the Control and 
Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee) and a sustainability committee (the Sustainability 
Committee), and (ii) on 23 October 2017 set up an Appointments and Compensation Committee (the 
Appointments and Compensation Committee), combining the pre-existing Appointments Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee (collectively the Committees). The Board of Directors defined tasks, 
operating methods and composition criteria of the Committees. 
The tasks assigned and operating rules adopted by the above-mentioned committees is summarised 
below. 
Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee  
The Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee, whose current members have been 
appointed on 2 May 2022 in conformity with the applicable regulations and recommendations of the 
Corporate Governance Code, is composed of three non-executive independent directors. 
It provides recommendations and advice to the Board of Directors by making suitable enquiries to 
support the Board of Director decisions and assessments concerning the internal control and risk 
management system, as well as those relating to the approval of financial and non-financial reports. In 
particular: 
• 
it evaluates, together with the Officer responsible for the preparation of financial reports and 
having consulted the Independent Auditors and the Board of Statutory Auditors, the proper use 
of accounting standards and their consistency for the purpose of preparing the consolidated 
financial statements; 
• 
assesses the suitability (at least verifying that the preparation process is correct) of the periodic 
financial and non-financial information, so that it correctly represents the company’s business 
model, strategies, impact of its activities, and performance achieved, while coordinating with 
the Sustainability Committee; 
• 
it examines the content of periodic non-financial reporting relevant to the internal control and 
risk management system; 
• 
it examines the periodic reports drawn up by the Supervisory Board, the independent auditing 
firm, the Officer responsible for the preparation of financial reports, and the Internal Audit 
department, regarding the assessment of the internal control and risk management system, as 
well as the reports drawn up by the Enterprise Risk Management department for identifying, 
assessing, managing and monitoring the main risks, and the reports of particular importance 
drawn up by the Internal Audit Manager;  
• 
may ask the Head of Internal Audit to carry out inspections of specific operational areas, giving 
notice thereof to the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors and the CEO; 
• 
it supports, making suitable enquiries, the assessments and decisions of the Board of Directors 
regarding the management of risks resulting from prejudicial events that have come to the 
knowledge of the Board of Directors or which the Committee has brought to the attention of 
the Board of Directors;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
• 
it reports to the Board of Directors on the orientation review and progress monitoring of the 
Management System improvement programmes for preventing and combating corruption – 
activities which are coordinated and supervised by the department of Legal Compliance and 
Anti-Corruption Programmes; 
• 
it expresses opinions on specific aspects involving the identification of the main risks to the 
Company; 
• 
it carries out further tasks assigned to it pursuant to the Italgas related-party transactions 
procedure; 
• 
it examines the periodic reports relating to the evaluation of the Internal Control and Risk 
Management System, as well as those of particular importance prepared by the Internal Audit 
Manager; 
• 
it monitors the independence, suitability, effectiveness and efficiency of the Internal Audit 
Department; 
• 
it may ask the Internal Audit Manager to carry out inspections of specific operational areas, 
giving notice thereof to the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors and the Director in Charge; 
• 
it expresses a binding opinion on the proposals made by the Director in Charge, in agreement 
with the Chairman, to the Board of Directors regarding the appointment, dismissal and 
remuneration of the Internal Audit Manager, aimed at ensuring that this individual has the 
appropriate resources;  
• 
it supports, making suitable enquiries, the assessments and decisions of the Board of Directors 
regarding the management of risks resulting from prejudicial events that have come to the 
knowledge of the Board of Directors or which the Committee has brought to the attention of 
the Board of Directors. 
The Control, Risk and Related Party Transactions Committee expresses its opinion to the Board of 
Directors for the purpose of: 
• 
defining the guidelines of the Internal Control and Risk Management System; 
• 
periodically evaluating, at least annually, the adequacy and effectiveness of the Internal Control 
and Risk Management System with respect to the characteristics of the Company and the risk 
profile it has adopted; 
• 
periodically approving, at least once a year, the audit schedule prepared by the Internal Audit 
Manager; 
• 
propose to the CEO any updates or adjustments to the internal control and risk management 
system guidelines or to the Internal Audit Guidelines, after consulting the Board of Statutory 
Auditors; 
• 
describing, in the Report the main features of the Internal Control and Risk Management 
System as well as evaluating the adequacy of the system; 
• 
evaluating the conclusions presented by the Independent Auditors in any suggestion letters and 
in the report on key matters arising from the external audit;

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
• 
appoint and revoke the members of the Supervisory Body;  
• 
review the orientation and monitor the progress of the Management System improvement 
programmes for preventing and combating corruption – activities which are coordinated and 
supervised by the department of Legal Compliance and Anti-Corruption Programmes 
• 
ensure the adoption of Model 231 and approval of all adjustments in line with current regulatory 
provisions. 
Lastly, the Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee, performs the functions 
assigned to it by the Board of Directors under the scope of the Italgas OPC Procedure. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors and the Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee 
receive and collect information, at least quarterly, from the control functions (Internal Audit, Risk 
Management, Compliance) and from the Independent Auditors about checks carried out and any 
weaknesses or critical areas or anomalies discovered. 
The Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee is composed of the following 
members: 
Name 
Role 
Gianmarco Montanari 
Non-executive independent director – 
Chairman(1) 
Claudio De Marco 
Non-executive independent director(1) 
Manuela Sabbatini 
Non-executive independent director 
(1) Director fulfilling the independence requirements set out in articles 147ter, paragraph 4, and 148, 
paragraph 3 of the TUF and in the Corporate Governance Code lastly approved by the Corporate 
Governance Committee. 
At the time of appointment, the Board of Directors has verified that at least one member of the Control 
and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee possesses adequate experience in accounting and 
financial matters or risk management. 
Meetings of the Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee are deemed to be valid if 
at least two members in office are present; the committee makes decisions based on a vote in favour by 
an absolute majority of the members in attendance. If there is a tie, the Chairman of the Control and 
Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee has the casting vote. 
The Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors (or another Statutory Auditor designated thereby) 
attends the Committee meetings; the other members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may also attend 
the Committee meetings. At the invitation of the Control and Risk and Related-Party Transactions 
Committee, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer can attend the 
meetings. The Chairperson of the Committee may also invite the other directors, as well as the 
representatives of the relevant corporate departments – providing notice thereof to the CEO – and parties 
outside the Company, to attend individual Committee meetings in order to provide information and 
express an opinion on relevant agenda items. 
Appointments and Compensation Committee  
The Appointments and Compensation Committee, whose current members have been appointed on 2 
May 2022 in conformity with the applicable regulations and recommendations of the Corporate 
Governance Code, is composed of three non-executive directors, all of whom are independent, or,

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
alternatively the majority of whom are independent. In the latter case, the Chairperson is chosen from 
the independent directors. 
The Appointments and Compensation Committee has proposal-making and advisory functions with 
regard to the Board of Directors, in general on the functions specified by the Corporate Governance 
Code, and in particular: 
Functions of the Appointments and Compensation Committee concerning the appointment of directors:  
a. 
it proposes candidates to the Board of Directors for the position of director to co-opt if one or 
more directors during the year cease to hold office (Article 2386(1) of the Italian Civil Code), 
ensuring compliance with the minimum number of independent directors and quotas for the less 
represented gender; 
b. 
on the CEO’s proposal, made in agreement with the Chairman of the Board of Directors, it 
submits to the Board of Directors the candidates to serve as members of the company bodies: (i) 
of the direct subsidiaries; (ii) and of the indirect subsidiaries included in the consolidation scope, 
with an individual turnover equal to or above 30 million euros (hereinafter the “Subsidiaries”). 
The proposal made by the Committee is necessary;  
c. 
it draws up and provides opinions for the Board of Directors on the maximum number of director 
and statutory auditor positions that may be held in other companies listed on regulated markets, 
including foreign markets, or in large companies based on the criteria defined by the Board of 
Directors, which may be considered compatible with the effective performance of the role of 
director of the Company or Subsidiaries, taking account of the commitment required for the 
position in the Company or Subsidiaries; 
d. 
it develops criteria for assessing the requirements of professionalism and independence of the 
directors of the Company and Subsidiaries; with particular regard to the assessment of the 
Company directors’ independence pursuant to the New Code, it proposes to the Board of 
Directors the quantitative and qualitative criteria to be considered when assessing the 
significance of (i) any relevant commercial, financial or professional relations pursuant to 
Recommendation 7(c) of the New Code that may be entered into by the directors; and (ii) any 
relevant remuneration pursuant to Recommendation 7(d) of the New Code received by the 
directors from the Company, one of its Subsidiaries or the parent company if any, additional to 
fixed remuneration for the position and any remuneration received for attending the board 
committees as recommended by the New Code or established in the applicable regulations;  
e. 
it expresses its own opinion to support the assessment of the Board of Directors of specific 
circumstances or issues in the presence of a general and preventive authorisation for exemption 
from the prohibition on competition envisaged in Article 2390 of the Italian Civil Code; 
f. 
it supports the Board of Directors in drawing up, updating and implementing the succession plan 
for the CEO and any other executive director, which – as a minimum – shall set out the 
procedures to follow in the event of early termination of office, providing its opinion thereon; it 
examines and assesses the procedures adopted for the succession of top management as defined 
by the New Code (hereinafter also referred to as “Top Management” or “Executives with 
strategic responsibilities”) and provides its opinion as to their suitability to the Board of 
Directors; 
g. 
it draws up and proposes procedures for the annual self-assessment of the Board and its board 
committees, supporting the Chairman in ensuring the suitability and transparency of the process 
itself;

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
h. 
it provides its opinion to the Board of Directors – at each renewal of the administrative body, 
considering the results of the self-assessment referred to in point g) above – regarding the 
optimal quantitative and qualitative composition of the Board of Directors and board committees, 
and draws up recommendations on the professional and managerial roles deemed appropriate 
for the Board;  
i. 
it expresses its opinion with regard to establishing, updating and supplementing the Diversity of 
Company Bodies Policy, in compliance with the provisions therein. 
Functions of the Committee regarding the remuneration of the directors General Managers, statutory 
auditors and executives with strategic responsibilities: 
• 
it submits for approval by the Board of Directors the report on remuneration policy and 
compensation paid pursuant to Article 123-ter of the TUF and, in particular, the Policy for the 
remuneration of the administrative body members, General Managers, and Executives with 
Strategic Responsibilities, as well as – in accordance with the provisions of Article 2402 of the 
Italian Civil Code – the members of the control body (hereinafter the “Policy”), to be presented 
at the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the year, within the 
timeframe established by law;  
• 
it assesses the vote cast by the Shareholders' Meeting on the two sections of the report referred 
to in the point above, in the previous financial year, and provides an opinion thereon to the 
Board of Directors; 
• 
it prepares proposals regarding the remuneration of the Chairman and the Chief Executive 
Officer, with regard to the various forms of compensation and economic treatment; 
• 
it makes proposals or expresses opinions relating to the remuneration of the board committee 
members; 
• 
it examines opinions, also on the basis of instructions received from the Chief Executive Officer 
regarding: 
• 
general criteria for the remuneration of Top Management; 
• 
general guidelines for the remuneration of other managers of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
• 
annual and long-term incentive plans, including share-based plans; 
• 
it expresses opinions – including on the CEO’s proposals – on setting performance targets and 
calculating the company results tied to the implementation of the incentive plans and defining 
the variable remuneration of Directors with powers; and proposes stipulating claw-back clauses;  
• 
it expresses its opinion to the Control, Risk and Related-Party Transactions Committee 
regarding the remuneration of the Internal Audit Manager; 
• 
it proposes the definition, in relation to Directors with powers: i) of the indemnification to be 
paid in the event of termination of their employment; ii) of the non-competition agreements; 
• 
it monitors the implementation of the decisions made by the Board; it periodically assesses the 
adequacy, overall consistency and practical application of the Policy adopted, using, in this 
regard, the information provided by the CEO, submitting proposals to the Board on the subject; 
• 
it performs any duties that may be required by the procedure concerning related-party 
transactions carried out by the Company;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
• 
it reports on the exercising of its functions to the Shareholders' Meeting called for the approval 
of the annual financial statements, through the Chairman of the Committee or another member 
delegated by the same. 
 
The Appointments and Compensation Committee reports to the Board of Directors on the activities 
carried out, at least every six months and before the deadline for approval of the financial statements 
and the half-yearly report, at the Board of Directors meeting indicated by the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors; also subsequent to each meeting, it updates the Board of Directors with a communication, at 
the first possible meeting, regarding any comments, recommendations, or opinions they have 
formulated. 
The composition of the Appointments and Compensation Committee is as follows: 
Name 
Role 
Lorenzo Parola  
Non-executive independent director – 
Chairman(1) 
Claudio De Marco 
Non-executive independent director (2) 
Manuela Sabbatini 
Non-executive independent director 
(1) Director fulfilling the independence requirements set out in articles 147ter, paragraph 4, and 148, 
paragraph 3 of the TUF. 
(2) Director fulfilling the independence requirements set out in articles 147ter, paragraph 4, and 148, 
paragraph 3 of the TUF, and in the Corporate Governance Code lastly approved by the Corporate 
Governance Committee. 
At the time of the appointment, the Board of Directors has verified that at least one member of the 
Appointments and Compensation Committee has sufficient knowledge and experience of financial 
matters or remuneration policies. 
Meetings of the Appointments and Compensation Committee are deemed to be valid if at least two 
members in office are present; the committee makes decisions based on a vote in favour by an absolute 
majority of the members in attendance. In the event of a tie, the Chairman of the Appointments and 
Compensation Committee has the casting vote. 
The Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors or a Standing Auditor designated by the latter attends 
meetings of the Compensation Committee; the other members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may 
also attend the Committee meetings; the Chairman of the Committee may also invite the Chairperson 
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (hereinafter also referred to as the “CEO”), the 
other directors, as well as the representatives of the relevant corporate departments – providing notice 
thereof to the CEO – and parties outside the Company, to attend individual Committee meetings in 
order to provide information and assessments on relevant agenda items.  
Sustainability Committee  
The Sustainability Committee, whose current members have been appointed on 2 May 2022 pursuant 
to the applicable regulations and recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code, is composed by 
three non-executive directors. 
The Sustainability Committee carries out investigation, proposal and consultation functions with regard 
to the Board of Directors on matters of sustainability as the guidelines, processes, initiatives and 
activities (a) intended to oversee Italgas' commitment to sustainable development along the value chain,

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
and (b) aimed at pursuing sustainable success, with the support of the Head of the relevant department 
(Head of the Sustainability department) who liaises with the various corporate departments.  
Specifically, the Sustainability Committee:  
• 
examines and evaluates:  
(i) 
the sustainability policies aimed at ensuring the creation of value over time for shareholders 
and for all other stakeholders in the medium/long-term with regard to the principles of 
sustainable development;  
(ii) 
the guidelines, objectives and consequent processes, of sustainability and the sustainability 
reporting submitted annually to the Board of Directors;  
(iii) 
the disclosure of non-financial information pursuant to legislative decree no. 254/2016, to be 
submitted to the Board of Directors, in coordination with the Control, Risk and Related Party 
Transactions Committee in relation to the assessment by the latter of the suitability of the 
periodical financial and non-financial information for the purpose of correctly representing 
the business model, the Company’s strategies, the impact of its activities and the performance 
achieved;  
(iv) 
the integration of ESG aspects into the ERM matrix; 
(v) 
the Company’s stakeholder engagement policy. 
 
• 
examines and submits to the Board of Directors the document containing the non-financial 
statement (“NFS”) in compliance with article 4 of Legislative Decree no. 254/2016 prepared by the 
relevant departments; 
• 
monitors the positioning and guidelines of Italgas with regard to financial markets involving 
sustainability, with reference also to the placement of Italgas on the ethical sustainability indices;  
• 
monitors national and international initiatives with regard to sustainability and the participation of 
the Company in such initiatives, aimed at consolidating corporate reputation internationally;  
• 
examines any sustainability initiatives in the various agreements submitted to the Board of Directors, 
also with regard to the subject of climate change;  
• 
examines the profit and non profit strategy, as well as gas advocacy of the Company; and 
• 
expresses, at the request of the Board of Directors, opinions on other matters regarding 
sustainability.  
The Sustainability Committee reports to the Board of Directors:  
• 
at the first meeting of the Board of Director after each of its own meetings, the observations, 
recommendations and opinions formulated with regard to the matters discussed; and 
 
• 
at least every six months and before the deadline for approval of the annual and half-year financial 
report, at the meeting indicated by the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 
It should be noted that, on 18 December 2020, the Board of Directors approved the new regulations of 
the Sustainability Committee, which apply as of 1 January 2021. Specifically, the new regulations, in 
addition to specifying certain aspects concerning the functioning of the committee, assign the tasks and 
functions updated according to the principles and recommendations of the New Code, including 
responsibilities for non-financial reporting. Specifically, pursuant to the new regulations, the 
Sustainability Committee:

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
• 
assesses the suitability (at least verifying that the preparation process is correct) of the periodic 
financial and non-financial information, so that it correctly represents the company’s business 
model, strategies, impact of its activities, and performance achieved, while coordinating with the 
Sustainability Committee; 
 
• 
examines the content of periodic non-financial reporting relevant to the internal control and risk 
management system; 
 
• 
expresses its opinion, at least once a year and, at least, when the annual financial statements are 
approved, on the adequacy of the internal control and risk management system, considering the 
Company’s characteristics and assumed risk profile, as well as the effectiveness of the system. 
The composition of the Sustainability Committee is as follows: 
Name 
Role 
Fabiola Mascardi 
Non-executive Independent director – 
Chairwoman(1) 
Maria Sferruzza 
Non-executive director 
Qinjing Shen  
Non-executive director 
(1) Director fulfilling the independence requirements set out in articles 147ter, paragraph 4, and 148, 
paragraph 3 of the TUF, and in the Corporate Governance Code lastly approved by the Corporate 
Governance Committee. 
 
Written minutes of the meeting are taken by the Head of the Corporate Affairs and Governance 
Department, who acts as secretary and assists the Chairman in carrying out his duties. 
 
The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairperson of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors and the Heads of the relevant departments areinvited to attend the meetings of the 
Sustainability Committee; other members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may also attend the 
meetings; the Chairperson of the Committee may also invite other directors to attend individual 
meetings, as well as other members of the relevant company departments - informing the Chief 
Executive Officer - or individuals from outside the Company to provide information and express their 
assessments with reference to the individual items on the agenda. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under Italian law, the role of the Board of Statutory Auditors is to oversee compliance with the law and 
with the By-laws, ensure the principles of correct administration are observed, monitor the adequacy of 
the Issuer's organisational structure for matters within the scope of its authority, the adequacy of its 
internal control system and of its administrative and accounting system and the reliability of the 
administrative and accounting system in correctly representing Italgas transactions, check the methods 
for specific implementation of the rules of corporate governance provided for by the codes of conduct 
drafted by regulated market management companies or by industry associations, which the Issuer 
publically discloses that it upholds, and to review the adequacy of Issuer's instructions to subsidiaries 
pursuant to applicable law. 
Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 provides that the Board of Statutory Auditors also performs supervisory 
functions in its capacity as "Internal Control and Audit Committee", overseeing in particular: 
• 
the financial reporting process;

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
• 
the effectiveness of internal control, internal audit and, if applicable, risk management systems; 
• 
the independent audit of annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements; and 
• 
the independence of the independent auditors or audit company, specifically insofar as the 
provision of services other than auditing to the entity being audited is concerned. 
Current Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Article 20 of the existing by-laws of the Issuer, the Board of Directors of Italgas is composed 
of three standing auditors and two alternate auditors.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors appointed by the ordinary shareholders' meeting of 26 April 2022 will 
remain in office for three financial years, until the date of the ordinary shareholders' meeting called for 
the approval of the 2024 financial statements. 
Statutory auditors are chosen from among those who meet the professionalism and integrity 
requirements indicated in Decree of the Ministry of Justice No. 162 of 30 March 2000. For the purposes 
of this decree, the issues strictly related to the Issuer's activity are: commercial law, business 
administration and corporate finance. Likewise, the sector pertaining strictly to the Issuer's business is 
the engineering and geology sector. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors is composed of the following 
members: 
Name  
Role 
Giulia Pusterla 
Standing Auditor, Chairwoman 
Maurizio Di Marcotullio  
Standing Auditor 
Paola Maria Maiorana 
Standing Auditor 
Stefano Fiorini 
Alternate Auditor 
Barbara Cavalieri 
Alternate Auditor 
 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors is 
domiciled at the Issuer's registered office at Via Carlo Bo, 11, Milan, Italy. 
Below is a brief curriculum vitae of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors appointed 
by the above-mentioned Shareholders' Meeting of 26 April 2022, giving details of their skills and 
experience gained in business management. 
 
Giulia Pusterla (Chairwoman of the Board of Statutory Auditors).  
She graduated in Business and Economics from the L. Bocconi University of Milan.  
She is a member of the Association of Chartered Accountants of Como and is enrolled in the Register 
of External Auditors.  
She has held important positions as Chairperson of the Association of Chartered Accountants of Como 
(2003-2007), member of the National Council of Chartered Accountants and Auditors and of the 
Executive Committee of that same National Council, and member of the Higher Council of the Research 
Institute of Chartered Accountants and Auditors (2008-2012).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
She was independent councillor for the budget, financial and tax policies, investments and equal 
opportunities for the Municipality of Como. She was also a member of the Management Council of 
OIV, and of the Council of “Insol Europe”, a European association studying problems connected to 
company crises and recovery.  
She is currently the owner of an office specialised in company crises and recovery, corporate and tax 
consultancy and corporate governance.  
Moreover, she is also a member of the Boards of Directors and Statutory Auditors of listed companies 
like Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. and Risanamento S.p.A.. She has been appointed independent 
director and Chairperson of the Control and Risk Committee of Risanamento S.p.A. and of the Related 
Parties Transactions Committee of Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., and Chair of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Italgas S.p.A.  
She also holds the position of extraordinary commissioner in the extraordinary administration 
procedures of some companies and of commissioner and official receiver, insolvency practitioner and 
sales delegate for Como Court of Law and technical advisor to the Judge and Public Prosecutor with 
the Prosecutor’s Offices of Como and Milan. 
Maurizio Di Marcotullio (Standing Auditor).  
Chartered Accountant, member of the Association of Chartered Accountants of Rome and enrolled on 
the Register of External Auditors. He has gained significant experience working with leading tax 
consulting firms. He practises as a Chartered Accountant in the following areas: national and 
international tax planning, taxation of extraordinary transactions, business appraisals and valuations, 
wealth management, taxation of renewable energy, real estate tax. He is an expert in contract 
negotiations for M&A transactions and company law. He assists private equity funds in investment 
transactions. He is a statutory auditor and on the board of directors of joint stock companies, including 
listed companies.  
Paola Maria Maiorana (Standing Auditor).  
She graduated with full marks in Business Administration from the L. Bocconi University in Milan.  
She is a Chartered Accountant and Auditor.  
She has acquired considerable skills in the Capital Markets area, and can claim significant experience 
in complex transactions such as IPOs, increase in capital and the issue of bonds, take-over bids, M&A 
transactions, mergers and demergers. She has also performed important auditing activities for national 
and international customers, some listed on the stock exchange, mainly referred to the Consumer and 
Industrial Markets sector.  
In 1989 she joined KPMG S.p.A. and has been a partner since 2001.  
She is responsible for the Capital Markets activities of the KPMG Italia network and KPMG 
representative for relations with the Italian Stock Exchange and Consob for listing companies and 
extraordinary finance transactions. She is also head of the Capital Markets Research Group of 
ASSIREVI.  
She held the position of Standing Auditor in Telecom Italia S.p.A. (2015-2017) and Chair of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors of Moleskine S.p.A. (2013-2017). Since 2019 she has been a Standing Auditor of 
Zurich Investments Life S.p.A. 
She is currently a member of the Governance Commission of the Listed Companies of Chartered 
Accountants and Auditors of Milan, Nedcommunity member, and co-chair of Women Corporate 
Directors. 
Stefano Fiorini (Alternate Auditor). 
Born in Genoa in 1969. He graduated in Economics and Business. He is a certified public auditor. 
Advisor to both civil and criminal Courts of Rome and is admitted to the Register of Judicial 
Administrators - ordinary section. He gained significant experience in main business sectors (industrial, 
services, banking and insurance). He worked as Auditor with KPMG S.p.A. and Arthur Andersen S.p.A.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
and in debt restructuring, with Gallo & C. S.p.A. He was Investment Director of PM & PARTNERS e 
di ABN Amro Capital Investments NV. He works as advisor to private companies and institutional 
investors in relation to corporate finance and transaction services and to both Civil and Criminal Courts 
in legal disputes regarding financial and banking matters. He has, and had in the past, roles in the 
corporate governance of listed and private companies. Currently he is, inter alia, Chairman of the 
Statutory Auditor Board of CY4GATE S.p.A., IGI S.G.R. S.p.A., Phoenix Asset Management S.p.A., 
RCS ETM Sicurezza S.p.A. and Nuovaplast S.r.l, statutory auditor of Azimut Holding S.p.A., Elemaster 
S.p.A., Friulair S.r.l., GIA S.p.A. and Gold Plast S.p.A., sole auditor of Capri Footwear Industries S.r.l. 
and Prosilas S.r.l., auditor of Laguna Azzurra S.r.l., alternate auditor of Credito Emiliano S.p.A., and 
liquidator of Europrogetti & Finanza S.r.l. Member of NED Community, the Italian association of non-
executive and independent directors. 
Barbara Cavalieri (Alternate Auditor).  
She graduated in Economics and Business. Since 1994, she has built up a significative experience, 
operating in fiscal, banking, financial and company fields. Specifically, she dealt with corporate and tax 
advice provided in the day-to-day management, company reorganizations and acquisitions and 
divestments of shares; corporate contracts; tax due diligence activities; company valuations; tax 
planning; tax litigation and anti-money laundering consultancy. She also provides corporate, tax and 
regulatory advice in the establishment and ordinary management of and on anti-money laundering, 
privacy and administrative responsibility of institutions she’s President/Member of the Board of 
Auditors in large and medium-sized companies.  
Significant positions held by the members of the Board of the Statutory Auditors outside the 
Issuer's Group  
The table below lists the significant positions on board of directors, boards of statutory auditors and 
supervisory committees, as well as other positions, other than those within the Issuer’s Group, held by 
the members of the Board of the Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
Company 
Office/Stake held 
Status of the office / 
stakeholding as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus 
Giulia Pusterla 
Banco di Desio e della 
Brianza S.p.A. 
Director  
In office 
Risanamento SpA 
Director 
In office 
GEPAFIN S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
In office 
Be Cause Sicaf S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
In office 
Maurizio Di Marcotullio 
None 
None 
 
None 
 
Paola Maria Maiorana 
Zurich Investment Life 
S.p.A.  
Standing Auditor 
 
In office 
 
Stefano Fiorini 
Azimut Holding S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
In office 
 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor 
In office 
 
CY4GATE S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
In office 
 
IGI SGR S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
In office 
Barbara Cavalieri 
REDO SGR S.p.A.   
 
 
Chairperson of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors  
In office

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
Except for what is stated below, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties towards 
Italgas of the members of the Board of Directors, members of the Board of Statutory Auditors and 
Managers with Strategic Responsibilities of Italgas and their private interests and/or other duties.  
Manuela Sabbatini, member of the Board of Directors of Italgas, is also a manager at CDP. 
Maria Sferruzza, member of the Board of Directors of Italgas, is also a manager at Snam S.p.A. 
Managers with Strategic Responsibilities  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Managers with Strategic Responsibilities of Italgas are listed below: 
Name 
Role 
Gianfranco Amoroso 
Chief Financial Officer 
Pier Lorenzo Dell'Orco 
Chief Executive Officer of Italgas Reti 
Nunziangelo Ferrulli 
Head of Institutional Relations and Regulatory Affairs  
Chiara Ganz 
Head of External Relations and Sustainability  
Raffaella Marcuccio 
Head of Procurement and Material Management  
Bruno Burigana 
Chief Executive Officer of Toscana Energia and Umbria
Distribuzione Gas S.p.A. 
Pietro Durante 
Chief Human Resources Officer  
Lorenzo Romeo 
Head of Corporate Strategy 
Alessandro Menna 
Chief Security Officer 
Marco Barra Caracciolo di 
Basciano 
Chairman and CEO at Bludigit S.p.A. 
 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, all Managers with Strategic Responsibilities are 
domiciled at the Issuer's registered office at Via Carlo Bo, 11, Milan, Italy. 
Below is a brief curriculum vitae of each of the Managers with Strategic Responsibilities, giving details 
of their skills and experience gained in business management. 
 
Gianfranco Amoroso (Chief Financial Officer).  
Born in Milan in 1968. Gianfranco Amoroso graduated in 1992 from Bocconi University, is a Chartered 
Accountant (Register of Milan) and Auditor. 
He started working at Mediobanca S.p.A. in 1994 and held various roles, up to taking on the position 
of Managing Director, with responsibility for the Energy and Utilities sector, maintaining the 
supervision and responsibility of the execution of the main merger and acquisition operations in the 
Energy sector in Italy. 
In July 2013 he began his professional career at Snam and held the position of Finance Director with 
full responsibility covering areas of finance banks, debt capital market, group treasury, M&A and 
Insurance. He supported the Group’s international strategy with the start-up of the M&A Finance unit, 
with direct responsibility for the acquisition of the stake in TAG sold by CDP, and with a direct 
involvement in all the group’s major M&A projects (most recently the acquisition of the stake 
in Austrian’s transportation company GAS CONNECT GmbH). 
From November 2016 he joined Italgas after following the latter’s split from Snam and the simultaneous 
 
Central SICAF S.p.A. 
Holding Reti 
Autostradali S.p.A.  
 
Standing Auditor 
Standing Auditor   
 
In office 
In office

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
listing on the Stock Exchange and from May 2018 he took over the position of Head of Finance, 
Planning and Control and M&A, following the execution of the refinancing on the debt capital market 
of the entire debt to the former parent company Snam, as well as taking care of more than ten M&A 
operations carried out during the first 24 months and recently the acquisition of DEPA 
INFRASTRUCTURE in Greece. 
He has been CFO at Italgas since June 2021. He is also Chairman of MEDEA, CEO of Italgas 
Newco (the holding company owning 100% of DEPA) and Director of Geoside. 
 
Pier Lorenzo Dell'Orco (Manager of Italgas and Chief Executive Officer of Italgas Reti).  
He took his degree in Mechanical Engineering in Rome from Università La Sapienza in 1994 and soon 
after started working in the energy sector where over the years he has gained technical and commercial 
experience with roles of growing responsibility at several top Italian utilities. He worked as Project 
Manager at Edison S.p.A. since 1995 to 2004, subsequently as Head of the Engineering Department at 
Edipower S.p.A. until 2007. In 2008, he joined Sorgenia S.p.A. as Business Development Manager, 
experience that then led him inside the company's business department, where over the span of six 
years he took over the responsibilities of Director of Customer Management, then Director of Sales & 
Marketing and, lastly, Director of Commercial Operations & ICT. He joined Italgas in late 2016 as 
Head of Business Development and contributed to build a pipeline of corporate acquisitions in the gas 
distribution sector and to promote the development of new businesses, in line with the corporate 
diversification goals such as, for example, the group's entry into the energy efficiency sector. Over 
2018-20 he has been a member of the Board of Directors of various Italgas subsidiaries, such as Seaside 
and Medea, and sole director of Medea Newco (a.k.a. Gaxa). In 2018 he took over the responsibility of 
Chief Commercial Officer, reporting directly to the CEO of Italgas. In late 2020 he was appointed as 
CEO of Italgas Reti. He is Chairman of Italgas Newco, the bidco holding the stakes of Depa 
Infrastructure in Greece. 
 
Nunziangelo Ferrulli (Head of Institutional Relations and Regulatory Affairs).  
Born in Altamura (BA) in 1976, he has been covering the role of Chief Institutional Relations and 
Regulatory Affairs of Italgas Group since November 2016. 
As of today, he is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of Italgas Reti S.p.A. and Depa Infrastructure 
and member of the board of Directors of Toscana Energia, Umbria Distribuzione Gas and Italgas Acqua. 
Graduated from the Faculty of Law of "La Sapienza" University in Rome, he holds a master in 
Management at the London School of Economics. He is also a member of the Faculty of the LUISS 
Business School where he teaches in the executive course "Public Affairs and Institutional Relations". 
He started his professional career at Edison S.p.A. in the Institutional and Regular Affairs 
Department and then he moved at Acea S.p.A., covering the role of Head of International Regulation 
and Executive Assistant of the CEO.  
Back in 2014, he served as Corporate Affairs Manager at Philip Morris Italia, dealing with regulatory 
and institutional aspects in the tobacco sector. 
Subsequently, he held the position of Head of Institutional Relations and Regulatory Affairs in Grandi 
Stazioni S.p.A. (Ferrovie dello Stato Group), managing relations with national institutions and the 
Transport Regulatory Authority and supporting shareholders in the privatization process of the society. 
He holds the position of Vice President of Proxigas (National Gas Industrial Association). 
 
Chiara Ganz (Head of External Relations and Sustainability).  
She gained her Economics degree from University of Bologna. She began her career at the 
communication and consulting firm Sircana&Partners. In 2001, she joined the Global Relationship 
Banking Department of Banca IntesaBCI S.p.A., where she collaborated to support the development 
and advisory team of large projects funded in the finance project. She continued her experience at Poste 
Italiane S.p.A., working in the Enterprises and Bodies Division - Sales and Marketing Network. In 
2003, she joined the External Relations and Communication Department of Finmeccanica S.p.A. 
(Finmeccanica) – as of the date of this Base Prospectus Leonardo S.p.A. - where she handled External 
Communication and Image and particularly followed the project to design the new Finmeccanica

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
trademark and restyle the group's architecture brand and, in coordination with the different company 
functions, that of listing Ansaldo STS. In 2009, she was named manager of External Relations and 
Communication of Thales Alenia Space Italia, a Thales/Leonardo-Finmeccanica joint venture. She was 
Communication Manager of Telespazio S.p.A. - a Leonardo Finmeccanica/Thales joint venture - from 
2013 until 2016, and here she consolidated her experience by supervising all Communication areas and 
coordinating the activities of the Italian and international group subsidiaries. In addition she is a 
member of the Board of Directors of Toscana Energia S.p.A. and Gesam Reti S.p.A. 
 
Raffaella Marcuccio (Head of Procurement and Material Management).  
She took her degree in Material Engineering from University of Lecce in 1997 after writing an 
experimental thesis on applications of thermography and ultrasound non-destructive techniques on 
wind-turbine blade at the University of Nottingham. Following a brief experience at CNR (Italian 
National Research Council), she started her career in the Fiat group in 1998 as a young engineer in an 
inter-functional path that led her to hold several roles from Production in the Assembly Line to Services, 
at the Fiat Auto Contact Centre, arriving at purchasing with the role of Program Manager on a 
localisation project in Nanjing, China. This was where she began her professional growth in the Fiat 
Group Purchasing function, and where she grew as Commodity Manager in the Auto and Powertrain 
area, afterwards Manager of Purchasing Product Development on Segment B (following the 
development of the Grande Punto and the Alfa Mito), up to taking over the role of Commodity & 
Logistic Director at the Fiat Global Purchasing Office of Shanghai for 5 years starting in 2007, seizing 
purchasing opportunities from Best Cost Countries for the entire Fiat group. In 2012, she moved to 
Indesit, a leading Italian company in the household appliance sector, again in the Procurement area as 
Raw Material and Plastic & Metals Components Director. Following Indesit's acquisition in January 
2015 by the US company Whirlpool, she was assigned the role of Global Steel and Resins Directors, 
with the responsibility of purchasing steel and plastic raw materials on a global scale. Joining Italgas 
in March 2017, she leads Procurement and Material Management team, for the entire Group; by June 
2018 she has been also leading Vendor Qualification team. She sits on the Board of Toscana Energia 
and Reti Distribuzione.  
 
Bruno Burigana (Manager of Italgas and Chief Executive Officer of Toscana Energia).  
After receiving his degree in Economics and Business from Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore in 
Milan, he started his professional career as a managerial and professional training expert at IRI and 
then, starting from 1992, at ENI. Over the following years, he held positions of increasing responsibility 
in the human resources department in the group's chemical sector until taking over personnel 
Management and Development responsibility at Syndial, where he handled problems such as closing 
plants, mobility and sale of business units. He also held the position of Manager during this period. 
Personnel, Organisation, Environment Company Quality Systems. At Snam since 2007 in the position 
of Resources Planning, Managerial Development and Compensation Manager, in 2009 he also oversaw 
the corporate reorganisation resulting from the integration of Italgas and Stogit. In 2010, he took over 
the role of Personnel Manager of the Snam group. He was appointed Head of Human Resources & 
Security of the Snam group in February 2012 where, among other things, he managed the group's 
reorganisation after leaving ENI. In July 2015, he joined Italgas as Head of Business Services and he 
held the position of Head of Human Resources & Organization starting from the demerger from SNAM 
until July 2020. He is currently CEO of Toscana Energia and Umbria Distribuzione Gas.  
 
Pietro Durante (Chief Human Resources Officer).  
Born in Gioia del Colle (BA) in 1973, he graduated in Law at the University of Bari. He gained 
professional experience in major companies of various business sectors, taking on roles of increasing 
responsibility in Human Resources Management, including internationally. He joined the Rinascente 
department store in 1997, becoming its Director of Human Resources for the Group, as well as Director 
of the Department Store Division, in 2003. In the period from 2000 – 2002, he worked at Pirelli Cavi e 
Sistemi as HR Corporate Manager, helping to reorganise the HQ in Milan and the associated companies 
in Germany, the UK and Spain. He was HR Manager of the sales force and of the Spare Parts and 
Services sector at Fiat Auto in 2005. Then, from 2006 to 2011, at Pirelli Tyre, he was HR Manager of

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
the Operations and R&D departments and HR Manager of the Car and Motorsport BU. He worked at 
Prysmian Group from 2011 to 2019: as VP Organizational Development, he completed the integration 
with the Dutch competitor Draka. He worked in the U.S.A. for around three years as SVP HR Prysmian 
North America, before working in Berlin as SVP HR Prysmian Group in Central Eastern Europe. In 
the 2017-2018 two-year period, he also supervised the acquisition and merger of General Cable for 
Prysmian in the United States. He became CHRO of the Atlantia Group in 2019. He has been Chief 
Human Resources Officer at Italgas since September 2020. He sits in the Board of Directors of Italgas 
Reti, Italgas Newco, Geoside S.p.A. and DEPA Infrastructure. 
 
Lorenzo Romeo (Head of Corporate Strategy).  
Born in Lucca (Tuscany) in 1987, Lorenzo Romeo graduated in Physics from Scuola Normale in Pisa, 
in 2011. 
At the National Enterprise for nanoScience and nanoTechnology (NEST) Lab of Scuola Normale, he 
obtained a doctorate in Condensed Matter Physics, with a research activity about nanotechnological 
applications for optoelectronics, collaborating with the University of Montpellier. 
In 2015, he began his professional career in McKinsey & Company, leading management consulting 
firm, where he focused on strategy and large company transformations in multiple sectors (Banking, 
Transport, Advanced Industries, Infrastructure, Energy). Since 2018 he was Manager, then Associate 
Partner, in the McKinsey “Global Energy & Materials” Practice. 
He has been Chief Corporate Strategy Officer at Italgas since April 2021. He sits in the Board of 
Directors of Enerpaper S.r.l. 
 
Alessandro Menna (Chief Security Officer) 
Alessandro Menna began his career in 2003 as a consultant at EricssonLab, studying and researching 
new Electronic Communications solutions for computer networks. In 2004 he joined Leonardo, a global 
high-tech player in the aerospace, defence and security sectors, in the Strategy area, dealing mainly 
with Special Projects (M&A, strategic partnerships and alliances) Business Development and Strategic 
Planning for Finmeccanica Companies operating in the electronics sector. In 2012 he held the position 
of Head of Product Management & Partnerships Cyber Security & Defense, supporting the process of 
integration after the merger between five legal entities in Italy and the United Kingdom, with a specific 
focus on cybersecurity services, consulting and investigative support systems, leading the Project 
Office and the Operational Transition Team. In 2013, again at Leonardo, he became Head of Systems 
Engineering Cyber Security & Information Assurance and, two years later, Vice President Sales 
Technical Support, with responsibility for engineering, pre-sale and tenders for Cyber Security and ICT. 
In these years he participated in the construction of cyber protection capabilities of the country’s main 
critical infrastructure. 
In January 2019 he took up the position of Vice President at Capgemini to create the Italian Branch of 
the Global Business Line of the French multinational, managing a portfolio based on Cybersecurity, 
Cloud Migration and Datacenter Trasformation, Infra Managed Services. In January 2020 he was 
appointed Managing Director of the Italian business, which in the meantime has reached about 30 M€ 
of orders and a direct headcount of about 100 resources in a year of life. Between 2018 and 2020 he is 
also a Member of the Permanent Stakeholders' Group (now Advisory Group) at the European Network 
and Information Security Agency (ENISA)advising the Executive Director on the preparation of the 
Agency’s annual work programme and its work. He joined Italgas SpA in September 2020 as Chief 
Security Officer and Group Security Manager, with responsibility for the protection of the Group’s 
physical and IT assets and related activities of cooperation with national and international authorities 
in the field of accident prevention and response and fraud. In July 2021 he was also assigned the 
responsibilities of the Group’s Real Estate (Property and Facility Management) sector, which, together 
with the fleet management of the vehicles, define the current perimeter of the Secuirty Group 
Management. In November 2021 he was appointed Executive with Strategic Responsibilities by the 
Board of Directors. 
In September 2022, he began member of the Board of Directors of DEDA.   
 
Marco Barra Caracciolo di Basciano (Chief Information Officer)

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Born in Benevento in 1967, Marco Barra Caracciolo di Basciano graduated in Electronic Engineering 
from the University of Salerno. 
After graduating, he joined the Enel Group, at Enel Distribuzione. In 1999, he was appointed Head of 
the e-Business Unit, the CEO's front line with responsibility for the development of e-business 
initiatives. 
Still in the same group, in 2004, he became Head of the Procurement Processes, Systems & Marketing 
function on the staff of the Purchasing and Services Director, with tasks of optimisation of purchasing 
processes, development and dissemination of e-procurement tools, qualification and evaluation of 
supplier performance for Italy and abroad. 
In 2008, he was a member of the Board of Directors of the Enel Factor Company of the Enel Group. 
In 2009, he became Head of Procurement Services, Market and Communication until 2012, when he 
assumed the position of IT Manager for the Enel Energia company. In 2014, on an interim basis, he 
also assumed responsibility for the new Digital Business Directorate, strongly desired by the CEO, to 
manage the Group's digital transformation and to facilitate the entry into new businesses of the Global 
Units and the different Countries. 
He continues his experience in the Enel Group and in 2018 he is appointed CIO Country Italy with 
responsibility for the definition and execution of the digital transformation of the Country, coordinating 
internal team of 350 resources is an annual budget of over 200 Ml€. 
He joins Italgas in October 2019 in the role of Chief Information Officer, assuming responsibility for 
the definition and implementation of the Italgas Group IT strategy and the digital transformation 
programme developed through the Digital Factory structure and the application of the Design Thinking 
and Agile methodology.Since June 2021, he is Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of the 
company Bludigit S.p.A.. 
 
Independent Auditors  
On 28 April 2017, the Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
(PricewaterhouseCoopers) as as independent auditors of the Issuer for the nine-year period 2017-2025.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms, is 
authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) and registered on the 
special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers is 
at Viale Monte Rosa 91, Milan, 20149, Italy 
On 12 May 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer inter alia: (a) approved the consensual 
resolution of the statutory audit assignment granted to PricewaterhouseCoopers; and (b) appointed 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (Deloitte & Touche) as independent auditors of the Issuer for the nine-year 
period from 2020 to 2028. 
Deloitte & Touche is a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms. 
Deloitte & Touche is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) 
and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
The registered office of Deloitte & Touche is at Via Tortona 25, Milan, 20144, Italy.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND LEGISLATION 
RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
ARERA means the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Enviroment (Autorità di 
Regolazione, Energia, Reti e Ambiente), formerly known as Autorità per l'Energia Elettrica, il Gas e il 
Sistema Idrico (AEEGSI).  
ARERA 2021 Report means the ARERA's 2020 Annual Report on Services and Activities (Relazione 
annuale sullo stato dei servizi e sull'attività svolta) dated 15 July 2022.  
ATEMs means the minimum geographical areas (ambiti territoriali minimi) for conducting tenders and 
assigning the gas distribution service calculated as 177 pursuant to the definition of Article 1 of the 
Ministerial Decree of 19 January 2011. The Municipalities belonging to each area are listed in the 
Ministerial Decree of 18 October 2011. 
CDP means Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. 
CDP RETI means CDP RETI S.p.A. 
Centralised RAB means the centralised net invested capital made up of tangible fixed assets other than 
those included under local tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets (in other words 
non-industrial buildings and property, other tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets, such as, 
for example, remote management and remote control systems, equipment, vehicles, IT systems, 
furniture and furnishings, software licenses).  
Code of Corporate Governance (Codice di Autodisciplina) means the Code of Corporate Governance 
of listed companies approved by the Committee for Corporate Governance established by, among others, 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Decree 273/2005 means the Law Decree No. 273 dated 30 December 2005, converted into Law No. 51 
dated 23 February 2006 (Proroga di termini relativi all'esercizio di deleghe legislative). 
Decree 93/2011 means the Legislative Decree No. 93 dated 1 June 2011 (Mercato interno dell'energia 
elettrica, del gas naturale). 
Decree 164/2000 means the Legislative Decree No. 164 dated 23 May 2000 (Attuazione della direttiva 
n. 98/30/CE recante norme comuni per il mercato interno del gas naturale). 
Decree for Determining Municipalities for each Area means the ministerial decree dated 18 October 
2011 (Determinazione dei Comuni appartenenti a ciascun ambito territoriale del settore della 
distribuzione del gas naturale). 
Decree protecting employment levels means the ministerial decree dated 21 April 2011 (Disposizioni 
per governare gli effetti sociali connessi ai nuovi affidamenti delle concessioni di distribuzione del gas). 
Equity RAB means RAB net of Net financial debt. 
First Gas Directive means the Directive 98/30/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
22 June 1998, concerning common rules for the transportation, distribution, supply and storage of 
natural gas. 
Guidelines means the guidelines on criteria and operating procedures for evaluating the reimbursement 
provided for by the Ministry of Economic Development in connection with a document dated 7 April 
2014 and approved with the Ministerial Decree of 22 May 2014.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Italgas Group means, collectively, Italgas and the companies directly or indirectly controlled by it, 
pursuant to Article 2359 of the Civil Code and Article 93 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as later amended and supplemented (the TUF). 
Law 481/95 means the Law No. 481 dated 14 November 1995 (Norme per la concorrenza e la 
regolazione dei servizi di pubblica utilità. Istituzione delle Autorità di regolazione dei servizi di pubblica 
utilità). 
Letta Decree means the Legislative Decree No. 164 dated 23 May 2000 (Norme comuni per il mercato 
interno del gas naturale). 
Local Net Invested Capital for the distribution service includes the following types of tangible fixed 
assets: land on which there are industrial facilities, industrial facilities, primary and secondary 
equipment, street conduits and branch-off equipment (junctions). Local Net Invested Capital relating to 
the metering service includes the following types of tangible fixed assets: traditional metering units and 
electronic metering units. 
Local RAB means the Local Net Invested Capital relating to the distribution service made up of the 
following types of tangible fixed assets: land on which there are industrial facilities, industrial facilities, 
primary and secondary equipment, street conduits and branch-off equipment (junctions). Local Net 
Invested Capital relating to the metering service is made up of the following types of tangible fixed 
assets: traditional metering units and electronic metering units. 
Local Tender Process means each tender process for the provision of gas distribution services held in 
each of the 177 minimum geographical areas (ATEM) identified pursuant to Articles 1 and 2 of the 
Decree of the Ministry of Economic Development of 19 January 2011; and Local Tender Processes 
means all of them. 
Marzano Law means the Law No. 239 dated 23 August 2004 (Riordino del settore energetico, nonché 
delega al Governo per il riassetto delle disposizioni vigenti in materia di energia). 
MD 226 or Tender Criteria Decree means the Ministerial Decree on bid evaluation and auction criteria 
No. 226 dated 12 November 2011 (Regolamento per i criteri di gara e per la valutazione dell'offerta per 
l'affidamento del servizio della distribuzione del gas naturale). 
MISE means Ministry of Economic Development. 
MITE means Ministry for the Energy Transition, resulting from a merger between the former Ministry 
od Environment and two energy departments formerly belonging to the MISE. 
Multi-municipality Areas Decree means the ministerial decree dated 19 January 2011 
(Determinazione degli ambiti territoriali nel settore della distribuzione del gas naturale). 
Network Codes means documents that set out, for each type of service, the rules governing the rights 
and obligations of the parties involved in the process of providing those services, and that establish 
contractual clauses to reduce the risk of non-compliance by customers, approved through the ARERA 
at the proposal of the service provider.  
NRA means the National Regulatory Authority. 
OGMP means UNEP’s Oil & Gas Methane Partnership Initiative. 
RAB means the value of net invested capital for regulatory purposes, calculated based on the rules 
defined by the ARERA in order to determine the benchmark revenues for the regulated businesses

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
(ARERA Resolution 114/2019/R/GAS for the gas transportation business, ARERA Resolution 
474/2019/R/GAS for the gas regasification business, ARERA Resolution 419/19/R/GAS for the gas 
storage business, ARERA Resolution 570/2019/R/GAS for the gas distribution business). 
Reimbursement Value means the amount owed to outgoing operators on the termination of the service 
pursuant to Article 5 of MD 226 in the absence of specific different calculation method forecasts 
contained in the documents of the individual concessions stipulated before 11 February 2012 (the date 
when MD 226 came into force). 
Second Gas Directive means the Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2003 concerning the internal market of natural gas. 
Shipper or User means, for the gas transportation business, pursuant to ARERA Resolution 
514/2013/R/gas, the Shipper or User is the user of the gas system that acquires the transportation 
capacity for their own use or to sell it to others. 
EEC means Energy Efficiency Certificates (Titoli di Efficienza Energetica), which are issued by a 
public body (GSE, Gestore Servizi Energetici) in front of energy efficiency investments borne by the 
gas distribution operator - or purchased by the latter on the market, to be released to the public 
authorities against specific energy efficiency obligations set annually by the Ministry of Ecologic 
Transition. 
Third Energy Package means the set of European Regulations and Directives concerning the internal 
energy market and providing measures aimed at redefining the structure of the industry and promoting 
the integration of individual national energy markets. 
Third Gas Directive means the Directive 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 13 July 2009 concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas. 
Trader: pursuant to the "Conditions for the sale and exchange of natural gas at the Point of Virtual 
Exchange" approved with the ARERA Decision no. 436/2015/R/Gas, a Trader is a subject different 
from: (i) a holder of a transport contract, (ii) the Manager of Energy Markets, and (iii) a manager of a 
regulatory market (stock exchange) in which derivative financial instruments are traded that provide for 
the physical delivery and whose compensation and guarantee activities are regulated through a clearing 
house that - for the purpose of operating on the point of virtual exchange - signs the access contract and 
commits itself under the conditions and provisions contained in the Network Code, including the 
relevant provision on financial guarantees. 
Unbundling Regulation means the rules set out by the Second Gas Directive on unbundling and 
transparency of accounts and the corporate, functional and organisational unbundling of operators of 
gas transmission and distribution systems in vertically integrated groups. 
UNEP means United Nations Environment Program. 
VIR means "Valore Industriale Residuo", i.e. the residual industrial value of the part of the plant owned 
by the outgoing operator, which is equal to the cost that should be incurred for its reconstruction as new 
reduced by the value of the physical degradation and also including non-current assets under 
construction from the accounting records (Article 5, paragraph 5 of MD 226).

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE FRAMEWORK 
The liberalisation process of the energy market launched in Europe has been phased in over a decade 
with the adoption of different legislative packages which have gradually been incorporated into the 
legislation of the EU Member States. The gas industry has been – and still is, with specific reference to 
the development of renewable gas and hydrogen markets– subject to significant regulation both at 
European Union and national levels. 
Historical Background 
The First Gas Directive 
Directive 98/30/EC (First Gas Directive) defined common rules for the transportation, distribution, 
supply and storage of natural gas. 
The First Gas Directive was implemented in Italy in May 2000 through the Legislative Decree No. 
164/2000 (known as the Letta Decree) which identifies and defines the sectors making up the natural 
gas market (import, production, transportation, dispatching, storage, liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
regasification, distribution and sales) and sets out the regulatory principles with regard to liberalisation, 
unbundling, network access and transparency. 
The Letta Decree assigns certain roles and responsibilities to the Ministry of Economic Development 
(Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico) (MED) and the ARERA. 
The MED is responsible for defining strategic guidelines for the gas sector and ensuring its safety and 
economic development. The ARERA, an independent regulatory body, is responsible for the regulation 
of the national electricity and natural gas markets. Its responsibilities include the definition of criteria 
for determining and updating tariffs and for governing access to infrastructure, as well as the provision 
of services related to the distribution of LNG. 
In 2003, Directive 2003/55/EC (Second Gas Directive) – the second directive on the internal market 
for natural gas – was issued repealing the First Gas Directive. In Italy, Law No. 239/2004 ("Reform of 
the energy sector and delegation to the Government for the reorganisation of the existing provisions 
relating to energy", known as the Marzano Law) implemented some of the provisions of the Second 
Gas Directive. 
Third Energy Package 
In July 2009, the "Third Energy Package" was approved in the European Union with a view to 
completing the internal energy market and providing a series of measures aimed at redefining the 
structure of the industry and promoting the integration of individual national energy markets. 
Among other items, with specific regard to unbundling, Directive 2009/73/EC (Third Gas Directive), 
comprised in the Third Energy Package, provides that EU Member States shall implement measures to 
ensure the "effective separation" of energy networks from the production and supply activities. 
The Third Gas Directive was implemented in Italy with Legislative Decree No. 93/2011 on the 
"National natural gas and electricity market" (Mercato interno dell'energia elettrica e del gas naturale) 
(the Decree 93/2011), which impacts on all business sectors of the Issuer and, in terms of unbundling, 
envisages, among other things, that the main Italian gas transportation company shall (i) comply with 
the ITO (Independent Transport Operator) model as well as (ii) be certified by the NRA and, 
consequently, approved and designated as a Transmission System Operator (TSO) by the MED.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
Expected evolution of the European legislative framework 
The European Commission presented on 14 July 2021 a package of 13 legislative proposals under the 
name of “Fit for 55”, aimed at favouring the reduction of CO2 emissions by 55% at 2030, compared to 
1990 values. The Package includes among other things, the amendment of the Renewable Energy 
Directive and the Energy Efficiency Directive, the revision of the Emission Trading Scheme and the 
Energy Taxation Directive and modifications to the deployment of alternative fuel infrastructures and 
to the Regulation setting emission performances on cars and vans. The consultation process opened by 
the Commission has ended and the new package has entered the legislative process which involves also 
the European Parliament and the Council. The enter into force of these legislative proposals, as 
eventually amended by the Parliament and the Council, is expected by the end of 2022. 
The European Commission published at the end of 2021 (15 December 2021) two legislative proposals 
on revising the Gas Directive and Gas Regulation. The proposals were prepared in the context of the 
European Green Deal ambition to decarbonise the EU gas sector and, more broadly, achieve climate 
neutrality by 2050. The proposals were anticipated by a consultation process ended on 18 June. The 
feedback of such consultation has been feed into the Commission’s preparations of the legislative 
proposals. The proposals aim at paving the way for a cost-efficient decarbonisation of the existing gas 
sector, including how to enable and foster a market for renewable and low carbon hydrogen, allowing 
it to become a key component of the energy sector. They will also address how to facilitate the injection, 
transmission, distribution and trading of renewable and low carbon gases in the existing gas grids, in 
the context of the wider energy system integration. In general, the uptake of renewable gas and hydrogen 
is expected to rely largely on the use of existing natural gas infrastructures, including gas distribution 
grids, which with limited retrofit investments – mainly on network digitalisation - are able to manage 
variable blends of natural gas, biomethane and hydrogen. Considering the complexity of the legislative 
proposals, a complete evaluation of the role of gas distribution network in the decarbonization process 
and the related costs for adapting gas grids to renewable and low carbon gases is still ongoing at the 
date of this document. 
Also, the European Commission published at the end of 2021(15 December 2021) a legislative proposal 
for dealing with the reduction of methane emissions along the whole gas value chain, including the gas 
distribution activities. Again, the forthcoming legislation has been anticipated by a formal consultation 
process with the Commission’s stakeholders. The results of this consultation and the conclusions of the 
European Commission generated a comprehensive and detailed proposal of Regulation. In this 
document, the general obligation to make every effort to reduce methane emissions goes hand in hand 
with the indication to the competent authorities to include all costs related to the implementation of the 
Regulation in the tariffs structure for regulated activities. The document also establishes that Member 
States must identify a competent authority to supervise the application of the Regulation and provides 
indications about specific Measure, Reporting and Verification (MRV) and Leaks Detection And 
Reduction (LDAR) procedures and obligations. While Italgas thinks is sure to have it has adopted the 
Best Available Technologies (BAT) for tackling methane emissions, as it is demonstrated by having 
gained the “Gold Standard” in the context of UNEP’s OGMP 2.0 voluntary initiative for reporting and 
reducing methane emissions, the organizational and economic implications of this piece of legislation 
need to be further assessed at the date of this document, also because a substantial revision of the 
original proposal is currently underway, under pressure of the work of a “group of experts” composed 
by representatives of several gas associations and organizations. Our expectations are that the legislation 
will entry into force not earlier than the first Quarter 2023 with several improvements if compared with 
the original proposal of the Commision.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
The European Commission published at the end of 2021 (15 December 2021) a legislative proposal for 
the revision of the Emission Performance of Building Directive. This document aims at increasing the 
level of efficiency and boosting the sustainability of the building sector, considered as one of the most 
relevant for achieving the envisaged GHG emissions reduction (zero-emission new buildings in 2030 
and as of 2027 for public buildings). Relevant measures aim at fostering a higher insulation and favoring 
the use of more efficient technologies for H&C, both in the public and in the private sector, and to push 
in the renovation rate of the existing building stock. Strong expectations are for the use of electric heath-
pumps fuelled by locally produced renewable electricity as a way to increase buildings heating 
efficiency, complemented by gas-fired district heating. Also this document is still under further 
definition, following a “call for feedback” launched by the Commission and the legislative process with 
the Parliament and the Council. The end of it is expected not earlier than the first Quarter of 2023. 
Following the Ukrainian crisis and the related gas supply issues from Russia, in April 2022 the European 
Union launched the REPowerEU initiative, which aims to reduce gas consumption as a way to protect 
residential customers and most of the European industry from a potential shortage of natural gas and a 
surge in energy prices. REPowerEU foresees several measures, including the development of additional 
renewable gas - both biomethane and hydrogen - an increase in the substitution rate of gas boilers with 
electric heat pumps for space heating and a temporary increase in the electricity produced from power 
generation units fuelled with coal and fuels other than gas. Although these measures are aimed at 
addressing a contingent situation, they are likely to produce permanent results, both in terms of 
switching from natural gas to the production and use of renewable gas, and in terms of accelerating the 
replacement rate of traditional gas-fired space heating systems. Our understanding is that the need for 
alternative energy sources will further enhance the importance of local and decentralized production of 
renewable gas and hydrogen, which can only be economically injected and transported through existing 
gas distribution networks. 
Principal Legislation regarding regulation of the Issuer 
The gas market in Italy is controlled and monitored by the ARERA which was established by Law No. 
481/1995 (Law 481/95). The main tasks of the ARERA, as set out in Law 481/95, are to guarantee the 
promotion of competition and efficiency while ensuring adequate service quality standards in the 
electricity and gas sectors. These goals are achieved by ensuring a uniform availability and distribution 
of services throughout the country, by establishing a transparent and reliable tariff system based on pre-
defined criteria and by promoting the interests of users and consumers, taking into account specific 
European legislation in such sector and general political guidelines of the Italian government. The tariff 
system is required to reconcile the economic and financial goals of electricity and gas operators with 
general social goals, and with environmental protection and the efficient use of resources. 
Legislation regarding distribution of natural gas 
The Letta Decree – as subsequently amended and modified – redefined the concept of distribution, by 
unbundling it from sales, transportation and dispatching, storage and LNG regasification activities and 
qualifying it as a public service. As a result, distribution means the transportation of natural gas from 
injection points connected to the transportation network through local pipelines for delivery to users. 
Until the entry into force of the new applicable legislative framework as of 2011 (as better explained 
below) distribution was carried out under a concessionary regime, whereby natural gas distribution 
licenses were granted by local authorities (such as municipalities (Comuni), joint municipalities (Unioni 
di Comuni) and mountain municipalities (Comunità Montane)) through tender procedures for terms of 
up to 12 years. Limited liabilities companies, including publicly-held companies and limited liability 
co-operative companies, did submit bids in accordance with Article 14 of the Letta Decree, while 
adjudication was conditional upon the "best economic conditions and service levels, quality and safety 
levels, investment plans for the development and upgrade of networks and facilities, for their renewal 
and maintenance, and technological and managerial innovation, submitted by competing companies". 
Once distribution concessions were granted, relations between the local authority and the operator were

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
governed by service agreements, based on a master agreement to be approved by the ARERA, which 
include the duration of, and procedures for, the performance of the service. 
The relevant local authority had to initiate a new tender procedure at least one year prior to expiry of 
the applicable concession period. Upon the expiry of such period, networks, facilities, and any 
transferable equipment were returned to the local authority in consideration for an indemnity payment. 
The amount of such indemnity payment will be calculated on the basis of what has been established in 
the agreements and in the call for tender or, if this cannot be done, based on the criteria in Italian Royal 
Decree No. 2578/1925 (industrial value criterion). In several cases, there was a dispute between the 
parties regarding the quantification of the indemnity and the related assessment were assigned to an 
arbitrators panel. 
According to Letta Decree (as subsequently amended), all distribution concessions which were active 
as of 21 June 2000 awarded without a public tender, shall terminate at the end of the so-called Transitory 
Period (except if their natural expiry date occurs before such date). The duration of the Transitory Period 
was originally equal to five years (i.e. until 31 December, 2005) (the Transitory Period). According 
to Article 1, paragraph 69, of Marzano Law, the Transitory Period was postponed to 31 December 2007. 
However, the Transitory Period may be further extended if certain conditions are met (i.e. (i) for public 
interest reasons and (ii) in case of fulfilment of the conditions set out under Article 15, paragraph 7, of 
the Letta Decree). See "Gas Distribution Concessions". 
The concessions active as of 21 June 2000, awarded by means of a tender procedure, shall terminate at 
their natural expiry date but, in any case, not later than 31 December 2012. 
With respect to the automatic extension granted under Article 23, paragraph 1, of Decree No. 273/2005, 
the European Union Court of Justice (17 July 2008, C-347/06) ruled that the same is in compliance with 
the European Union Treaty provided that the extension is necessary in order to allow the parties to 
terminate the concession under acceptable conditions considering both the public services needs and 
the economic consequences of the termination on the parties. 
The transitional rules introduced by the Letta Decree allowed local authorities to adopt resolutions 
necessary to adapt to the new concession regime, through a call for tenders for the grant of the service 
and transformation of current management companies into limited liability companies or limited 
liability co-operative companies. 
In 2011, the applicable legislative framework in the field of gas distribution was redefined as follows: 
Ministerial Decree to determine the geographical areas in the natural gas distribution sector (Multi-
municipality Areas Decree) 
The first of four ministerial decrees on natural gas distribution reforms was published in the Italian 
Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale Italiana) on 31 March 2011. 
More specifically, the Multi-municipality Areas Decree, which were issued by the MED in 
collaboration with the Ministry for Regional Relations and National Cohesion (Ministro per i Rapporti 
con le Regioni e per la Coesione Territoriale) on 19 January 2011, establishes multi-municipality 
minimum geographical areas (known as ATEMs) for which new gas distribution concessions must be 
assigned. 
The Multi-municipality Areas Decree identifies 177 ATEMs relating to provinces, or divided provinces 
in the case of the most populous ones or large towns and cities. Several neighbouring ATEMs may 
combine if they wish to do so. In particular, the Italian territory was subdivided into 177 ATEMs and 
each of them includes the territory of a maximum of 50 municipalities, provided that it will serve at

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
least 50,000 users (up to a maximum of 300,000 users). In general, an ATEM represent the territory of 
a Province. 
The subsequent Decree 93/2011 established that: 
• 
local authorities which, on the date Decree 93/2011 came into force, in the case of an open 
tender, published notices of invitations to tender, or, in case of restricted tender processes, also 
asked for letters of invitation, in both cases including the definition of the bid evaluation criteria 
and the redemption value to the outgoing operator and had not awarded the winning firm, can 
proceed with entrusting the natural gas distribution service in accordance with the procedures 
applicable on the date of the call to tender; and 
• 
otherwise, starting from that date, the tenders for entrusting the service will be carried out 
exclusively for the provinces identified by the Multi-municipality Areas Decree. 
Ministerial Decree to protect jobs in case of change of gas distribution operator (Decree protecting 
employment levels) 
The Decree protecting employment levels, adopted by the MED in conjunction with the Ministry of 
Work and Social Policy (Ministero del Lavoro e delle Politiche Sociali) on 21 April 2011 and published 
in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale Italiana) on 4 May 2011, regulates the social effects 
associated with the granting of new gas distribution concessions. 
The provisions include the obligation, for the incoming operator, to hire the personnel of the outgoing 
operator for the running of gas distribution plants and a quota of the personnel in charge with territorial 
and central functions. 
However, in order to avoid opportunistic behaviour by the outgoing operator and obstacles put in the 
way of operating efficiency, the obligation to hire the staff is limited to a number of employees that is 
less than a reference value. 
Ministerial Decree for identifying Municipalities which are part of each of the 177 
multi-municipality minimum geographical areas (Decree for Determining Municipalities for each 
Area) 
The Decree for Determining Municipalities for each Area, adopted by the MED in conjunction with the 
Ministry for Regional Relations and National Cohesion (Ministro per i Rapporti con le Regioni e per 
la Coesione Territoriale) on 18 October 2011 and published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale Italiana) on 28 October 2011, defines the list of Municipalities belonging to each geographical 
area of the natural gas distribution sector. 
Moreover, when supplying the list of Municipalities, in addition to the name of the Area, indicated in 
Annex 1 of the Multi-municipality Area Decree, the Decree for Determining Municipalities for each 
Area also adds a geographic characterisation, if absent, to facilitate identification. 
Ministerial Decree for identifying criteria through which area tenders will be held and awarded 
(Tender Criteria Decree) 
The Tender Criteria Decree, adopted by the MED in conjunction with the Ministry for Regional 
Relations and National Cohesion (Ministro per i Rapporti con le Regioni e per la Coesione Territoriale) 
on 12 November 2011 and published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale Italiana) on 27 
January 2012, contains provisions regarding the requirements for participation, bid evaluation criteria, 
the compensation figure to pay to the outgoing operator, as well as the "type of call to tender".

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
The amount of payment to holders of concessions and licenses, when the applicable transition period 
expires, will be calculated on the basis of what has been established in the agreements or, if this cannot 
be done, based on the criteria in Royal Decree No. 2578/1925 (industrial value criterion). In case of a 
dispute, the outgoing operator will be paid the higher value between the value of net fixed assets of 
locality ("immobilizzazioni nette di località") of the distribution service, including construction in 
progress, net of public or private contributions, calculated using the methodology of the current tariff 
adjustment and on the basis of the consistency of the plants at the time of their transfer and the value 
estimated by the local authority, with possible adjustments after the dispute has been resolved. The 
incoming operator will acquire ownership of the system by paying the outgoing operator the redemption 
value, with the exception of any assets owned by the local municipality. 
Tenders will be awarded based on the most economically advantageous offer with regard to the 
following criteria: 
• 
economic conditions; 
• 
security of the service; 
• 
quality of service; and 
• 
development of the distribution system. 
As a consequence of the above mentioned law provisions, the tender procedures for the awarding of 
new gas distribution concessions should commence once certain conditions provided by the Tender 
Criteria Decree have been met and within the time period (which differ from region to region) set out 
in Annex 1 of the Tender Criteria Decree. 
By a Ministerial Decree dated 5 February 2013 a master service agreement for the distribution of natural 
gas was approved in compliance with the provisions of Article 14 of Legislative Decree No. 164 of 23 
May 2000.  
In particular, such master service agreement covers in detail all aspects of the concessionary regime, 
the mutual obligations of the parties, the duration of the agreement – determined in twelve years, the 
termination provisions, and provides that the outgoing operator transfers the ownership of its plants to 
the incoming operator upon payment by this latter of the compensation figure provided for under Article 
14, paragraph 8 of the Letta Decree.  
Legislative Decree No. 69 of 21 June 2013 (Decreto del Fare) 
Article 4 of Legislative Decree No. 69 of 21 June 2013, known as the "Decreto del fare" contains, 
among other things, provisions regarding concessions for gas distribution. It provides that the time 
limits introduced by Article 3 of the Tender Criteria Decree regarding selection of a body tasked with 
overseeing the tender process and the issue of tender bids are definitive and, if they are not met, the 
relevant region (Regione) must launch the tender bid by nominating a commissario ad acta. If the region 
fails to act, the Ministry of Economic Development shall do so and shall nominate a commissario ad 
acta. In addition, the local body in breach of the relevant regulations can be given a fine and other 
sanctions described in the decree. 
The Decreto del fare also contains provisions regarding valuation of the compensation figure for gas 
distribution network and plant and provides that the Ministry of Economic Development may issue 
specific guidelines regarding the methods and criteria of such valuation. 
Law Decree No. 145/2013

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
Law Decree No.145/2013 has been converted into law with amendments by Law No. 9/2014. In 
particular, Law Decree No. 145/2013 as converted provides that: 
(a) 
the redemption value recognised for outgoing gas distribution operators during the transitional 
period, if not possible to ascertain from the intention of the parties (and therefore from the 
contractual provisions of the concessions), must be determined in accordance with the 
guidelines concerning the metrics and modalities for the recognition of the redemption value 
that the Ministry of Economic Development (Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico) may issue 
pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 6, of Law Decree 69/2013 as converted, with amendments, by 
Law No. 98/2013; 
(b) 
from the redemption amount will be deducted private contributions related to local assets, 
evaluated according to the methodology of current tariff regulation; and 
(c) 
if the redemption value exceeds by more than 10% of the value of local fixed assets computed 
on the basis of the applicable tariff regulations (net of public contribution for capital account 
and private contributions related to local assets), a certain procedure (involving also the 
ARERA) must be followed. 
On 6 June 2014 the Ministry of Economic Development (Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico) 
published in the Official Gazette No. 129 the guidelines concerning the metrics and modalities for the 
recognition of the redemption value of gas distribution networks. 
Law Decree No. 91/2014 
Law Decree No. 91/2014 (Decreto competitività) has been converted into law with amendments by Law 
No. 116/2014. By modifying Article 15, paragraph 5, of the "Letta Decree" (Legislative Decree No. 
164/2000), such Law Decree states that, during the transitional period, in order to calculate the 
reimbursement amount due to the outgoing distributor reference shall be made to the existing contracts 
between municipalities and gas distribution companies, provided that such contracts have been entered 
into on or before 11 February 2012 (date of the entry into force of the Tender Criteria Decree, see 
paragraph "Ministerial decree for identifying criteria through which area tenders will be held and 
awarded (Tender Criteria Decree)" above). As for the contracts between a gas distribution company 
and the relevant municipality entered into after 12 February 2012, the reimbursement shall be calculated 
according the guidelines set out by a Ministerial Decree of 22 May 2014. 
Law Decree No. 192/2014 
On 28 February 2015, the Italian Official Gazette, General Series No. 49, published Law 11/2015 
converting into law the Law Decree 192 of 31 December 2014 (the so-called "Mille Proroghe Decree") 
which, among other things, introduces an additional amendment to deadlines already set out and 
extended several times for calls for tenders for gas distribution concessions, stipulating, inter alia, that:  
• 
the deadline for publication of the call for tenders by the contracting entity and for alternative 
measures by the region will be extended until 11 July 2015 for the area pertaining to the first 
group listed under annex 1 to MD 226; and 
• 
the deadline beyond which a penalty applies to local authorities pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 
5 of Decree Law 69/2013 in the event of failure to comply with the deadline for issuing calls 
for tenders shall be extended to 31 December 2015 for the first two groups of areas listed under 
annex 1 of MD 226.  
Ministerial decree No. 106/2015 modifying the Tender Criteria Decree

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
The decree adopted by the MED in conjunction with the Ministry for Regional Affairs and Local 
Governments (Ministro per gli Affari Regionali e Autonomie) on 20 May 2015 and published in the 
Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale Italiana) on 14 July 2015, introduces amendments to the 
Tender Criteria Decree (i.e. MD 226). 
In particular, the amendments consist in: adjusting the text of the original decree in order to reflect the 
legislative changes occured so far and the fourth regulatory period's tariff framework; defining 
operational procedures to be followed regarding tender criteria on energy efficiency investments in each 
multi-municipality geographical area; clarifying the rules to be followed in order to calculate the 
redemption value due to the outgoing distributor operator, previously set out by the Ministerial Decree 
adopted on 22 May 2014 and published in the Official Gazette No. 129 on 6 June 2014. 
Law Decree No. 210/2015 
On 26 February 2016, the Italian Official Gazette, General Series No. 47 published Law No. 21/2016 
converting into law the Law Decree n. 210/2015. According to Article 3, paragraph 2-bis, of Law 
Decree No. 210/2015, the deadline for publication of the call for tenders for gas distribution concessions 
is postponed. The term of the postponement (12, 14, 13, 9 or 5 months) diverges with regard to each 
group listed under annex 1 to MD 226. 
Article 3, paragraph 2-ter, of Law Decree No. 210/2015 amends Article 4 of the Legislative Decree No. 
69 of 21 June 2013. The paragraph prescribes that the region has to attend a further period of six months 
before proceeding with the launch of the tender by nominating a commissario ad acta. In case the region 
does not proceed within the aforementioned period of six months, the Ministry of Economic 
Development, after a period of two months, shall launch the tender by nominating a commissario ad 
acta. In addition, the fine and other penalties for the local body in case of delay in launching the tenders, 
previously provided by the same Legislative Decree No. 69 of 21 June 2013, are deleted. 
Law Decree No. 244/2016 
On 28 February 2017, the Italian Official Gazette, General Series No. 49, published Law No. 19/2017 
converting into Law Decree n. 244/2016. According to Article 6, paragraph 5, of Law Decree No. 
244/2016, the deadline for publication of the call for tenders for gas distribution concessions is 
postponed for 24 months in 9 ATEMs of Marche, Umbria, Abruzzo e Lazio, where there are 
municipalities affected by the earthquakes of August and October 2016. 
Law No. 124/2017 (Legge annuale per il mercato e la concorrenza) 
On 14 August 2017, Law No. 124/2017 was published on the Italian Official Gazette. In such Law, 
Article 1 paragraphs 93, 94 and 95 introduce some minor amendments and clarifications to the 
legislation concerning the procedures for tenders for the awarding of gas distribution concessions. Such 
modifications may be summarized as follows. 
▪ 
Article 1, paragraph 93 establishes that the awarding authority is no longer obliged to send to 
ARERA the detailed evaluation of the difference in value between VIR and RAB prior to the 
tender, provided that the awarding authority is able to certify, even through a competent third 
party, that the termination value has been calculated by applying the guidelines set out under 
Ministerial Decree 22/5/2014 and that the overall difference between VIR and RAB within the 
minimum geographical area is not greater than 8%, provided that such difference in each single 
municipality does not exceed 20%.  
▪ 
According to Article 1, paragraph 94, ARERA shall define a simplified procedure for the 
evaluation of the future calls for tender (bandi di gara), which shall be applicable whenever a 
single call for tender (bando di gara) is consistent with the standard Call for Tenders (bando di

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
gara tipo), the standard Bidding Rules (disciplinare di gara tipo) and the standard Service 
Contract (contratto di servizio tipo). 
▪ 
Article 1, paragraph 95 clarifies that, in case of participation to a tender through a temporary 
association of companies or consortia, some of the technical capacity requirements defined by 
the Tender Criteria Decree must be possessed cumulatively by all of the members of a 
temporary association of companies (raggruppamento temporaneo di imprese) or a consortium 
(consorzio ordinario) whilst others may be possessed even by just one of such members. 
With Resolution 905/2017/R/gas, published on 28 December 2017, the ARERA has implemented the 
provisions of Law No. 124/2017, with the aim to simplify the procedures for the calculation of the 
Reimbursement Value and for the evaluation of tender documents for the awarding of gas distribution 
concessions. 
The Resolution: 
▪ 
approved two consolidated acts (annexed to the Resolution as Annex A and Annex B) which 
contain provisions concerning the calculation and verification of the Reimbursement Value of 
the gas networks and the evaluation of Calls for Tenders (bandi di gara); 
▪ 
repealed the previous ARERA Resolutions 113/2013/R/gas, 155/2014/R/ gas and 
310/2014/R/gas, having the consolidated acts fully incorporated the provisions therein 
contained without making significant innovations. 
With reference to the calculation of the Reimbursement Value, the relevant consolidated act (Annex A) 
specifies, inter alia, that the evaluation of the difference between VIR and RAB is carried out by the 
ARERA according to three regimes: 
▪ 
individual ordinary regime for the Municipality; 
▪ 
individual simplified regime for the Municipality, pursuant to the ARERA Resolution 
344/2017/R/gas, published on 19 May 2017; 
▪ 
simplified framework regime for the ATEM (ambito), pursuant to Law No. 124/17. 
The consolidated act (Annex A) also specifies that, in case of disagreement between the awarding 
authority and the outgoing operator on the amount of the Reimbursement Value, for the purpose of 
calculating the difference between VIR and RAB within the minimum geographical area (ATEM), the 
greater of the two values is assumed. 
With reference to the evaluation of Calls for Tenders (bandi di gara), the specific consolidated act 
(Annex B) states that the evaluation is carried out by the ARERA by applying two different methods 
which are detailed in such act: the ordinary procedure and the simplified regime. The simplified regime 
shall apply to those awarding authorities that have used the standard tender documents approved by the 
ARERA, without substantial amendments whilst, in all other cases, the more complex ordinary 
evaluation procedure shall apply. 
Law Decree No. 34/2020 
On 18 July 2020 the coordinated text of the conversion law of Decree No. 34/2020 was published in 
the Italian Official Gazette. In art. 114 ter of this law, the exclusion of the investment ceiling for delivery 
point established by ARERA with Resolution No. 704/2016 was introduced, limited to network 
extensions and expansions made in municipalities located in mountain areas and in those that were 
granted contributions with CIPE Resolution No. 5/2015 of 28 January 2015. Such provisions entitle 
Italgas to fully recover capex through tariffs in a number of municipalities, among whom those located 
in the Ischia island and Favara (Sicily).

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
Competition Law 2022 (Legge Concorrenza 2022) 
 
On 2 August 2022 the Italian Parliament approved the Competiton Law 2022. 
 
The Law introduces several novelties with regard to the gas tender procedures, among which: 
 
− 
The VIR valorisation of the public networks sold in the context of the tender process;  
− 
The valorisation of the TEE to be paid to the Local Authorities in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 8, paragraph 6, of the Ministerial Decree n. 226/2011; 
− 
A new thresholds for assessing VIR / RAB deviations; 
− 
The increase from 30 to 60 days of the deadline for sending the information necessary to prepare 
the tender notice to the Local Authority, with the application of sanctions to incumbent in the 
event of failure, inaccurate or late provision of data within the deadline established; 
The adoption, within six months of the approval of the law, of a Decree of the Ministry for Ecologic 
Transition, after hearing ARERA’s opinion, to update the tender criteria set by the Ministerial Decree 
for identifying criteria through which area tenders will be held and awarded (see above Tender Criteria 
Decree) to take into account technological innovation, in order to enhance new types of intervention 
more responsive to the renewed technological framework.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
REGULATORY - TARIFFS - ITALY 
As described above, the distribution of natural gas in Italy is regulated by the ARERA, which has been 
operative since 1997, and is responsible for the regulation of the national electricity and natural gas 
markets. Among its functions are the calculation and updating of the tariffs, and the provision of rules 
for access to infrastructures and for the delivery of the relative services. According to the Letta Decree, 
rules for the access and delivery of the services are defined in the codes (Distribution Code) set by the 
relevant Company and approved by ARERA. Tariff regulation is set by the ARERA before the start of 
each regulatory period. It identifies the criteria for the determination of the "allowed revenues" and their 
revision during the regulatory period as well as the methodology for calculating tariffs. This general 
methodology applies to all businesses areas and is designed to cover capital and operational costs 
directly related to the business activities of the relevant company. 
The methodology envisages the calculation of a reference revenue at the beginning of the regulatory 
period being the sum of: 
• 
remuneration on net invested capital which is determined multiplying the Regulatory Asset 
Base (RAB), by the allowed rate of return (WACC); 
• 
depreciation allowance calculated on the basis of the economical/technical lives set by the 
ARERA for different asset types; and 
• 
allowed operating costs (as reported in the companies financial statements) which may include 
the retention of profit sharing on the extra-efficiency performed during the previous regulatory 
periods. 
The revenues related to remuneration and depreciation allowance are updated on an annual basis 
according to RAB evolution during the period, while the revenues related to operating costs are updated 
according to the price cap methodology RPI – X formula, where RPI represents the inflation index and 
X is the efficiency target set by the ARERA. 
The allowed revenues are guaranteed during the period through an equalisation mechanism, managed 
by the ARERA through the Cassa Conguaglio Settore Elettrico (Electricity Equalisation fund – now 
Cassa per i servizi energetici e ambientali – Energy and Environment Equalisation fund), to guarantee 
equivalence between the revenue obtained by each company by application of the mandatory tariff, 
which, naturally, does not reflect the specific costs of each company, and the costs recognised for such 
company, using the reference tariff.  
The following are the primary tariff components for the business of the Issuer, based on the regulatory 
framework in force. 
End of TARIFF regulatory 
period  
End of the first half-period: 31 December 2022 
End of the second half-period: 31 December 2025 
Calculation of net invested 
capital recognised for 
regulatory purposes 
(RAB)  
Revaluated historical cost  
Parametric method for centralised assets  
Return on net invested 
capital recognised for 
regulatory purposes  
(real pre-tax WACC)  
Distribution and Metering 
6.3% (year 2020-2021) 
5.6% (year 2022)

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
Incentives on new 
investments 
Remuneration of 
investment year t-1 for 
time lag recognition 
Efficiency factor  
(X FACTOR) 
3.53% on distribution operating costs 
1.57% on commercialization operating costs  
0% on metering operating costs 
 
Gas Distribution Tariffs for the fifth regulatory period: general provisions 
With Resolution no. 570/2019/R/gas, published on 27 December 2019 ARERA defined the tariff 
criteria for the distribution and metering services on the local distribution networks for the fifth 
regulatory period (1 January 2020 to 31 December 2025) divided into two half-period of three years 
each. In summary, the Resolution provides for: 
• 
recognition of the net invested capital in site by the re-evaluated historical cost methodology 
and of the net invested capital with respect to centralised operations (non-industrial buildings, 
ICT assets, vehicles and other fixed assets) by the parametric methodology; 
• 
the base return rate (WACC) of net invested capital (RAB) is set at 6.3% for 2020 and 2021 in 
real terms before taxes both for the distribution service and metering service; 
• 
recognition of the operating costs of distribution operations on a parametric basis and 
differentiated for each operating company depending on company size and density of the 
customers connected to the network; 
• 
recognition of the operating costs of metering and sales operations using equal parametric 
components for all companies; 
• 
recognition of investments in smarts meter is obtained by using a weighted average of the 
standard cost (30%) and the actual cost (70%);  
• 
the revenues associated with new investments are paid starting from the first year following 
that in which the costs were incurred ("spending") and are guaranteed regardless of the volumes 
trans-ported; 
• 
the price cap method for updating the tariffs is applied to revenue relating to operating costs, 
which are indexed to inflation and reduced by a fixed annual productivity return coefficient set 
at 3.53% for operating costs of large companies relating to distribution, 0% for operating costs 
relating to metering and 1.57% for operating costs relating to commercialization. The 
productivity factors might be updated in the second half period by the ARERA, if deemed 
necessary; 
• 
the revenue components which are related to returns and depreciation are determined on the 
basis of the annual update of net capital invested (RAB). As in the fourth regulatory period, the 
depreciation is not subject to the price-cap mechanism and calculated on the basis of the useful 
economic and technical life of the distribution infrastructure which is 50 years;  
• 
in relation to the recognition of the residual costs of traditional meters lower than or equal to 
G6 re-placed with smart meters, an amount is recognized for the recovery of non-depreciation 
(IRMA), to be paid to the distribution companies over five years, equal to the difference 
between the residual non-depreciated value, calculated by applying the pro-tempore regulatory 
useful life in force and the residual value, calculated by applying a useful life of 15 years; there 
is also provision for the recovery of non-depreciation for traditional meters installed in the 
period 2012-2014 replaced with smart meters; 
• 
confirmation of an equalisation mechanism, managed by the ARERA through the Cassa 
Conguaglio Settore Elettrico (Electricity Equalisation fund– now Cassa per i servizi energetici

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
e ambientali – Energy and Environment Equalisation fund), to guarantee equivalence between 
the revenue obtained by each company by application of the mandatory tariff, which, naturally, 
does not reflect the specific costs of each company, and the costs recognised for such company, 
using the reference tariff; and 
• 
public and private contributions received from 2012 are deducted from the value of fixed assets, 
both for the purpose of calculating the remuneration of the invested capital and for the purpose 
of calculating the depreciation and are downgraded by the amount deducted from the 
depreciation. As for the fourth regulatory period, a portion of the existing stock is immediately 
released while the remaining portion is subject to a release over time (the so called "frozen 
portion"). The time horizon adopted for the full release of these subsidies is aligned with the 
time horizon for the re-lease of the subsidies subject to downgrade (about 34 years) in order to 
guarantee graduality and tariff stability; 
• 
with regard to the methanization of Sardinia, the establishment of a Sardinian tariff area by 
providing, for a period of three years, an equalisation mechanism that makes it possible to 
equalise the distribution tariff for Sardinia with the ones applied in the South area; 
• 
confirmation of a unitary cap on the amount of costs recognised to cover capital costs relating 
to the distribution service for new investments in municipalities with first supply from 2018 
onwards, to the extent set out in Resolution no. 704/2016/R/gas, through the application of a 
methodology that, though not yet fully developed by the ARERA, may give more flexibility to 
distributors in the development of new gas grids in localities not yet methanised. 
Gas Distribution Tariffs for distribution services on minimum geographical areas 
Resolution no. 570/2019/R/gas defines the tariff regulation of distribution and metering services for the 
regulatory period 2020-2025 also regarding the provisions related to the distribution services on 
minimum geographical areas. 
The provisions related to the distribution services on minimum geographical areas shall be applied from 
the entrusting date, as resulting from the service contract stipulated by the contracting authority 
(stazione appaltante) and by the incoming operator. The main aspects of the document are described 
below: 
• 
the initial value, recognised for tariff purposes, of the Local Net Invested Capital being 
transferred for consideration to the incoming operator should be determined based on: 
(a) the Reimbursement Value paid to the outgoing operator pursuant to Article 5 of MD 226, 
in the event that the outgoing operator is different to the incoming operator, determined as 
the reconstruction value carried forward, net of depreciation and contributions received; 
or  
(b) in all other cases, the value of the Local Net Invested Capital, calculated based on the 
criteria used by the ARERA to determine distribution tariffs; 
• 
at the end of the first concession period (12 years), the value of the Local Net Invested Capital 
will be determined, in both cases (a and b), as the sum of two components: 
(a) the residual value of the existing stock of assets at the start of the concession period, valued 
based on the amount to be reimbursed pursuant to Article 5 of MD 226, taking into account 
amortisation and depreciation, as well as disposals recognised for tariff purposes during 
the concession period; and

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
(b) the residual value of new investments made during the concession period and in existence 
at the end of the period, calculated pursuant to the applicable tariffs regulation; 
• 
for determining the annual depreciation allowed for tariffs purposes, the extension of the useful 
regulators lives shall apply, in accordance with the values adopted by MD 226 and starting from 
the awarding of concessions area by tender; 
• 
the operating costs relating to the distribution service in case of distribution service on 
minimum geographical areas are set by Resolution 570/2019/R/Gas according to the size and 
density of the minimum geographical areas. The annual rate of reduction of the unit costs which 
shall cover the operating costs of the distribution service, to be applied for updates of the tariffs 
for the first two years following the year of entrusting of the service by tender shall be equal to 
0%. For the subsequent years, the annual rate of reduction will be equal to that provided for the 
local distribution networks for distribution companies belonging to the size category more than 
300,000 delivery points served; 
• 
ARERA shall define and publish: i) no later than 15 December of each year the mandatory 
tariffs for distribution and metering services, to be applied to the following year; ii) no later 
than 31 March of the year "t", on a provisional basis, the relevant tariffs for the year "t", 
calculated on the basis of the pre-final financial data for the year "t-1"; iii) no later than 28 
February of the year "t+1", on a definitive basis, the relevant tariffs for the year "t", calculated 
on the basis of the pre-final financial data for the year "t-1". 
Recent developments in Gas Distribution Tariffs 
With Resolution no. 583/2015/R/com, published on 2 December 2015, as amended by Resolution no. 
570/2019/R/gas, ARERA issued the criteria to calculate and update the base return rate (WACC) for 
the gas and electricity regulated businesses for the period ranging from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 
2021. For the years 2016, 2017 and 2018 the base return rate (WACC) is set at 6.1% for distribution 
business and 6.6% for metering business. For 2019 WACC is set at 6.3% for distribution business and 
6.8% for metering business. For 2020 and 2021 WACC is set at 6.3% for distribution business and 
metering business, as ARERA deemed necessary to align the parameter reflecting the systemic risk of 
the metering and distribution activities. 
With Resolution 614/2021, as a result of the consultation process launched with DCO no. 308/2021 and 
DCO 488/2020, approved the criteria for estimating and updating the rate of return on invested capital 
for infrastructure services in the electricity and gas sectors for the second regulatory period starting on 
1 January 2022 (TIWACC 2022-2027). The 2PWACC is divided into two sub-periods, each lasting 
three years (interim review) with a possible trigger mechanism whereby WACC could be revised also 
annually (for the first three years) if the cumulative impact on the WACC from updating the main 
parameters is above a threshold of 50 bps. The Authority introduced changes in the methodology in 
particular regarding the cost of debt and the risk free rate. For 2022 WACC is set at 5.6%, for gas 
distribution and measuring business. 
With Resolution no. 116/2020/R/com, published on 3 April 2020, the ARERA has set out temporary 
exceptions to the credit recovery discipline applicable to users of gas distribution network. Among all 
measures introduced, the most relevant one relates to the exclusion of the credit enforcement mechanism 
(e.g. surety enforcement, formal notice, contract termination) once the level of total invoiced in April 
is paid in due time and for the minimum threshold of 80%. 
With Resolution no. 117/2021/R/gas, published on 23 March 2021, the ARERA has approved the 
definitive reference tariffs for the distribution and metering services for 2020.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
With Resolution no. 559/2021/R/gas, published on 13 December 2021, the ARERA has determined the 
amount for the recovery of non-depreciation (IRMA) of traditional G4 and G6 meters replaced with 
smart meters in application of the smart meter directives. The Resolution has also redetermined the 
reference tariffs from 2015 to 2020, in application of the new provisions relating to the methods for 
declaring the decommissioning of traditional G4 and G6 meters replaced with smart meters (regulatory 
FIFO). 
With Resolution no. 620/2021/R/gas, published on 29 December 2021, the ARERA has approved the 
mandatory tariffs for natural gas distribution and metering services for 2022. The Resolution provided 
an adjustment in the allowed operating costs, setting it at 0.9%, reflecting cost variations arising from 
changes in the tax framework regulatory following the entry into force, from 1 January 2021, of the 
provisions on the single capital concession fee. 
With Resolution no. 634/2021/R/gas, published on 29 December 2021, the ARERA has postponed the 
publication of the provisional reference tariffs for year t to 30 April of year t and the publication of the 
definitive reference tariffs for year t to 31 March of year t+1. 
With Resolution no. 154/2022/R/gas, published on 6 April 2022, the ARERA has approved the 
definitive reference tariffs for the distribution and metering services for 2021. 
With Resolution no. 194/2022/R/gas, published on 5 May 2022, the ARERA has approved the 
provisional reference tariffs for natural gas distribution and metering services for 2022.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
REGULATORY – TARIFFS - GREECE 
The distribution of natural gas in Greece is regulated by the RAE, the Greek national energy regulator, 
established on the basis of the provisions of L. 2773/1999, which was issued within the framework of 
the harmonisation of the Hellenic Law to the provisions of Directive 96/92/EC for the liberalization of 
the electricity market. Among its functions are the calculation and updating of the tariffs, the provision 
of rules for access to infrastructures and for the delivery of the relative services. Tariff regulation is set 
by the RAE before the start of each regulatory period. It identifies the criteria for the determination of 
the "allowed revenues" and their revision during the regulatory period as well as the methodology for 
calculating tariffs. This general methodology applies to all businesses areas and is designed to cover 
capital and operational costs directly related to the business activities of the relevant company. 
The methodology envisages the calculation of a reference revenue at the beginning of the regulatory 
period being the sum of: 
• 
remuneration on net invested capital which is determined multiplying the Regulatory Asset 
Base (RAB), by the allowed rate of return (WACC); 
• 
depreciation allowance calculated on the basis of the economical/technical lives set by the RAE 
for different asset types; and 
• 
allowed operating costs as approved during the tariff definition. 
The revenues related to remuneration and depreciation allowance are calculated at the beginning of 
each regulatory period that lasts 4 years and updated at the end of regulatory period. 
The allowed revenues are guaranteed during the period through an equalisation mechanism, because at 
the end of each regulatory period any difference between the required revenues and the actual revenue 
are calculated (recoverable difference) and are considered for the calculation of the revenue of the 
following regulatory period.  
The following are the primary tariff components for the business of the Issuer, based on the regulatory 
framework in force. 
End of TARIFF regulatory 
period  
End of the current period: 31 December 2022 
End of next period: 31 December 2026 
Calculation of net invested 
capital recognised for 
regulatory purposes 
(RAB)  
Historical cost  
Return on net invested 
capital recognised for 
regulatory purposes  
(nominal pre-tax WACC)  
Distribution and Metering 
7.45% (year 2020) 
7.03% (year 2021-2022) 
Incentives on new 
investments 
Extra remuneration of 1,5% for 4 years, if specific target are met

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
TAXATION  
General  
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under 
the tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, 
including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal 
or redemption. 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the Notes. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of 
each Noteholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
Italian tax law and under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of 
any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect 
of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
(such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. This overview does not 
describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Notes that provide payout linked to the 
profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the group or profits of the business in relation to which 
they are issued. 
Interest and other proceeds from Notes that qualify as bonds or instruments similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (Decree No. 239), as subsequently amended, provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes issued by, inter alia, 
companies with shares listed on an EU or EEA regulated market or multilateral trading facility, falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni). 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which 
do not grant to the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or control of) the management 
of the issuer. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (b) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial 
activities or professional association; or (c) a private or public entity (other than companies), a trust not 
carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial 
entities; or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other 
income including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price (other than capital

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
gains) (Interest) relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified 
as "net recipients" (unless the Noteholders referred to under (a), (b) and (c) above have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so called "risparmio gestito" regime – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the event that the 
Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 
100 – 114, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (Law No. 232), as subsequently amended and restated 
from time to time, and, for long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2020, by 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted by Law No. 157 of 19 December 
2019, as applicable from time to time (Decree No. 124), as subsequently amended and restated from 
time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 
of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in 
the relevant Noteholder's annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation (IRES) and, in certain circumstances, subject to the "status" of the Noteholder, also to regional 
tax on productive activities (IRAP). 
Italian resident investors who have opted for the "risparmio gestito" regime (as defined below) are 
subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax (the Asset Management Tax) on the increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued 
on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised Intermediary. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law 
No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law 
No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real 
estate investment funds created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate 
SICAFs (the Real Estate SICAFs) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income 
tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF provided that the Notes, 
together with the relevant coupons, are timely deposited with an authorised intermediary. The income 
of the Italian real estate investment funds or of the Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of 
the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation or, when earned by the fund, 
through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
Italian investment company with fixed share capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable 
capital) established in Italy (the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, 
Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on 
such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax).

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) (Decree No. 252) and the Notes are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the results of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the Pension Fund 
Tax). Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in 
respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, as subsequently amended and restated from time to 
time, and, for long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis 
of Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and 
other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an Intermediary) 
as subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) 
resident outside Italy, with a permanent establishment in Italy or (c) an entity or a company not resident 
in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the 
Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative 
for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change in 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any entity paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that by the Issuer.  
Non–Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-
Italian resident beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996, as amended from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
23 March, 2017) and possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of 
Decree No. 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); 
or (b) certain institutional investors, not subject to tax, established in a country included in the White 
List; or, independently by the relevant country of tax residence, (c) an international body or entity set 
up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (d) a Central 
Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of interest, premium or other proceeds and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes or the 
coupons with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy 
for the purposes of Decree No. 239 an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or a non-Italian resident bank or SIM which are in contact 
via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depository, prior 
to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains 
valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the 
applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international 
bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set out by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 
2001. 
Failure of a non–resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta 
sostitutiva on Interests payments to a non–resident holder of the Notes.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent to Interest accrued during the holding 
period, when the Noteholders are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. The imposta sostitutiva may be reduced by applicable 
double tax treaty, if any. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest 
subject to imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same 
as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 
12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of 
the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of 
the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Interest and other proceeds from Notes not having 100 per cent. capital protection guaranteed by the 
Issuer 
In case Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value (whether or 
not providing for interim payments) and/or they give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the 
management of the relevant Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued and/or any 
type of control on the management, Interest in respect of such Notes may be subject to a withholding 
tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are connected, (d) an Italian commercial 
partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a 
provisional withholding tax; in all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, 
the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the applicable double tax treaty, 
if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes not having 100 per cent. capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer 
if such Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, as subsequently amended and 
restated from time to time, and, for long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 
2020, by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Capital Gains Tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not holding the Notes in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (b) a partnership not carrying out commercial activities, (c) a private or public 
institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by 
such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. Under some conditions and limitations, Noteholders may set off losses 
with gains. In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the 
three regimes described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
taxation of capital gains realised by Noteholders under (a) to (c) above, the imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any 
offsettable capital loss, realised by the relevant Noteholder pursuant to all sales or redemptions 
of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The capital gains realised in a year net of 
any relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in their annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses 
in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (a) to (c) above may elect to 
pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, the Decree No. 461). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian 
banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being made timely in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss, and is required 
to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where 
a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from 
capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax 
year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Noteholders under (a) to (c) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and 
have opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree 
No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the 
risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in 
the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, as 
subsequently amended and restated from time to time, and, for long-term individual savings account 
established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and 
restated from time to time. 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions of 
Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply or a Real Estate SICAF will be 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment 
fund or the Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or of the real estate SICAF is subject 
to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation or, when 
earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will be included in the results of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, 
but the Collective Investment Fund Tax, will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain limitations 
and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains realised in respect to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Notes are included in a long-
term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
100 – 114, of Law No. 232, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time, and, for long-term 
individual savings account established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as 
subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Non–Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian 
resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes are transferred on regulated 
markets and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (in the form of a 
declaration (autocertificazione) of non–residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even 
if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax 
treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes not 
transferred on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or 
body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) 
is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) 
is an institutional investor, not subject to tax, established in a country included in the White List. In 
order to benefit of the exemption from imposta sostitutiva as for the above, all the requirements and

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently 
amended have to be met. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the "risparmio gestito" 
regime or are subject to the "risparmio amministrato" regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax 
will apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate 
declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from 
the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer are subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, who may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted by Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law of a direct lineage or after 
relatives-in-law of a collated lineage up to the third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift 
tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in 
favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value of 
the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer, in principle, is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 
100 - 114 of Law No. 232, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time, and, in a long-term 
individual savings account established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as 
subsequently amended and restated from time to time – is exempt from inheritance taxes.  
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public 
deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (b) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d’uso) or explicit reference (enunciazione) or 
voluntary registration.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October, 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications 
sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the 
nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as amended, supplemented and restated from time to 
time) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian 
territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for 
instruments for which it is not mandatory.  
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions are required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 
of 28 June 1990 converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, 
for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year. The requirement 
applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the 
actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been 
subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout 
the year. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
According to Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted by Law No. 
214 of 22 December 2011, as subsequently amended, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial 
entities and partnerships and similar entities holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of 
the Italian territory are required to report in their annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 
0.20 per cent. This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value is available, on the nominal value or redemption value, or where the face or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad. 
The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at €14,000 per year for taxpayers other than individuals. A 
tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. The financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.  
Withholding tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is 
a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax 
will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the 
course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the 
tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%.  
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes acting in the course of their private wealth 
can opt to self-declare and pay a self-assessed 20% tax levy on receipt of interest payments 
made by non-Luxembourg paying agents located in an EU Member State other than 
Luxembourg, or a State of the EEA. If such an option is exercised by an individual holder for 
a fiscal year, that option is irrevocable for that individual holder for that fiscal year, and makes 
that individual responsible for applying and paying the 20% tax levy in respect of interest they 
receive on Notes. For these purposes, the "paying agent" under the Relibi Law is the economic 
operator which pays interest or allocates the payment of the interest to the immediate benefit of 
the beneficial owner – i.e. the last person in the payment chain before the Luxembourg resident 
individual. 
THE PROPOSED EUROPEAN UNION FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
Joint statements issued by participating Member States indicate an intention to implement the FTT. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
A number of jurisdictions including the Republic of Italy have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register. Further, Notes issued on or prior to the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date and/or characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. However, 
if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are 
not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Notes, 
including those Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 26 October 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer the basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
If Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
If Category 2 is specified in the final Terms each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with regulation 
S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”), and 
(ii) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes do not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes do not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK, subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and any applicable provision of Italian laws 
and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under the preceding paragraph must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to 
time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); 
and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree,

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)  
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore" that will state the product 
classification of the applicable Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the 
applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) 
of the SFA. 
 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public or a solicitation to purchase or invest in 
any Notes.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that no Notes have been offered or will be offered to the public in 
Switzerland, except that offers of Notes may be made to the public in Switzerland at any time under the 
following exemptions under the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA): 
(a) to any person which is a professional client as defined under the FinSA; or 
(b) in any circumstances falling within Article 36 FinSA in connection with Article 44 of the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 35 FinSA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 September 2022. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) 
The Legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 815600F25FF44EF1FA76.  
Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection in hard copy from the registered office of 
the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the 2020 Financial Report: the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Italgas 
Group as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (with an English translation 
thereof), audited by Deloitte & Touche and containing the auditors' report therein; 
(c) 
the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report: the condensed consolidated half-year financial statements 
of Italgas Group as at and for the six months period ended 30 June 2021 (with an English 
translation thereof), reviewed by Deloitte & Touche and containing the auditors' report therein; 
(d) 
the 2021 Financial Report: the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Italgas 
Group as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (with an English translation 
thereof), audited by Deloitte & Touche and containing the auditors' report therein; 
(e) 
the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report: the condensed consolidated half-year financial statements 
of Italgas Group as at and for the six months period ended 30 June 2022 (with an English 
translation thereof), reviewed by Deloitte & Touche and containing the auditors' report therein; 
(f) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(g) 
a copy of the 2021 Conditions; 
(h) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(i) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference; 
(j) 
the Second-party Opinions (once published); and

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
(k) 
the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework (once published). 
The documents listed above in paragraphs (a) to (k) will be available on the following dedicated section 
of the Issuer's website from https://www.italgas.it/en/investors/debt-rating/emtn-program once 
published.  
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each 
document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at 
www.bourse.lu.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN and, if applicable, 
CFI and FISN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Italgas Group since 
30 June 2022 and no material adverse change in the financial position or financial prospects of the 
Italgas Group since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation  
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Material Litigation" at pages 146 to 155 of this Base 
Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Italgas Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which 
may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Italgas Group.  
Independent Auditors  
On 28 April 2017, the Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers as 
independent auditors of the Issuer for the nine-year period 2017-2025.  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms, is 
authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) and registered on the 
special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
 
The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers is at Viale Monte Rosa 91, Milan, 20149, Italy

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
On 12 May 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer inter alia: (a) approved the consensual 
resolution of the statutory audit assignment granted to PricewaterhouseCoopers; and (b) appointed 
Deloitte & Touche as independent auditors of the Issuer for the nine-year period from 2020 to 2028. 
Deloitte & Touche is a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms. 
Deloitte & Touche is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) 
and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
The registered office of Deloitte & Touche is at Via Tortona 25, Milan, 20144, Italy.  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Website 
The dedicated section of the Issuer's website is https://www.italgas.it/en/investors/debt-rating/emtn-
program. The information on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the 
information incorporated by reference, the content of the Italgas website has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority.  
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
lending activities, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Moreover, part of the 
proceeds derived from issuances of Notes under the Programme might be used to repay previous loans 
granted to the Issuer by some of the Dealers and their affiliates. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term 
"affiliates" includes parent companies. 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch as Issuing and Principal Paying Agent Information 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch being part of a financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and 
responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch may 
be provided upon request.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
ANNEX 1 - FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index pursuant to the Programme, where the 
underlying index is the CPI or the Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco 
as defined below.  
CPI or ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer 
Price Index Unrevised (“CPI – ITL”) means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al 
consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by 
the ISTAT - Istituto Nazionale di Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the Index 
Sponsor) which appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page 
on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose 
of displaying the level of such index) (the Reference Source), provided that for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final Redemption Amount, the first publication or 
announcement of a level of the inflation Index (excluding estimates) by the Index Sponsor for a given 
month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of the level for such month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
Information about the CPI – ITL can be obtained from the website of the Index Sponsor which will be 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series 
Non Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and 
published by EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised 
statistical methods (the HICP) is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time 
in the prices of consumer goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the 
Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for 
monitoring price stability by the European Central Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on 
international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the EU Member States' individual harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco (Individual HICP). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction 
with its consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an 
HICP for the Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each 
country's weight in the HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country's final household 
consumption constitutes within that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified 
year. These weights are re-estimated every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are 
the same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to 
compare inflation among different EU Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on 
the quality and comparability of the various countries' indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. 
This also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new 
entrant is integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that 
year. The new EU Member State's weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat's internet site, according to a pre-determined official 
timetable. Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision 
is made, it is published with the HICP of the following month.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. 
This procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through 
a new consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in 
the definition of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. 
Since 2006, the index reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price 
reference period, too, the weights for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More information on the HICP, including past and current levels, can be found at: 
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/hicp/overview.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
4139-8782-2141.18 
ISSUER 
Italgas S.p.A. 
 
Via Carlo Bo, 11 
20143 Milan 
Italy 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Postal address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso Matteotti 10 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
 
Via Tommaso Grossi, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25  
20144 Milan  
Italy

--- Page 224 ---
ITG/OHS Comments 17/09/2019 
 
 
224 
 
 
224 
 
 
 
 4139-8782-2141.18 
 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
DEALERS  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, planta baja 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2  
D02 RF29  
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Citigroup Centre  
75009 Paris 
Canada Square 
France 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
Goldman Sachs International  
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
Plumtree Court 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
25 Shoe Lane 
France 
London EC4A 4AU 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Foppingadreef 7 
Via Manzoni 4 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
20121 Milan 
The Netherlands 
Italy 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
20121 Milan 
Germany 
Italy  
 
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Société Générale 
25 Cabot Square 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
Canary Wharf 
75009 Paris 
London E14 4QA 
France

--- Page 225 ---
225 
4139-8782-2141.18 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg