--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
(incorporated as a joint-stock company in the Czech Republic) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), J&T BANKA, a.s., a joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of 
the Czech Republic, with its registered office at Sokolovská 700/113a, Karlín, Prague 8, Postal Code 186 00, ID No.: 471 15 378, LEI: 31570010000000043842, 
registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague under file no. B 1731 (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). This prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of Notes 
(the Base Prospectus) issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Notes will be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in relation 
to the nominal amount of any Notes which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as 
defined below) will not exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under Overview of the Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see Risk Factors. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the 
CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 
16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the Luxembourg 
Law). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 19 May 2024. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with 
respect to all Notes will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of this Base Prospectus and Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States 
and any other jurisdiction. 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s or the Rating Agency) is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such, Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Notes. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates which may constitute benchmarks for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation), including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which is provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA), which is provided by the Bank of England, or the Prague Interbank Offered Rate (PRIBOR), which is provided by Czech 
Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. (Czech Financial Benchmark). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI and Czech Financial Benchmark are included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation but are not included in the register of administrators of the United Kingdom (UK) Financial Conduct Authority under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation and, together with the EU Benchmarks Regulations, the Benchmarks Regulations). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of SONIA and SOFR are not included in such registers. As far as the Issuer is aware, under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, the administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, and the administrator of SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, are not required 
to obtain authorisation or registration as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulations is a

--- Page 2 ---
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of an administrator. 
 
Joint Arrangers 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
J&T BANKA 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 May 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for 
the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that any information which has been extracted from an external source has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated into and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained or incorporated by reference herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
STABILISATION – In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK

--- Page 5 ---
5 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium, the Czech Republic), the UK, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, 
see Subscription and Sale. 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries and the companies controlled by the Issuer that form the Issuer’s consolidation group for the purposes 
of preparing the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) (collectively, the Group) has been derived from 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021, together with the related notes thereto (the Financial Statements) incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. See Documents Incorporated by Reference. 
The Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes thereto and the auditor’s 
report thereon. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and have been audited. 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements and financial information 
included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have, unless otherwise noted, been presented in Czech Koruna. 
Use of Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed to them in Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
Czech Koruna, CZK and Kč refer to the lawful currency of the Czech Republic; and

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under IFRS (Alternative Performance Measures) and may therefore not be 
considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement 
investors’ understanding of the Issuer’s financial information by providing measures which investors, financial 
analysts and management use to help evaluate the Issuer’s financial leverage and operating performance. Special 
items which the Issuer does not believe to be indicative of ongoing business performance are excluded from these 
calculations so that investors can better evaluate and analyse historical and future business trends on a consistent 
basis. Definitions of these Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used 
by other companies and are not a substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains various forward-looking statements that relate to, among others, events and trends 
that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual business activities, results and financial 
position of the Issuer and the Group to differ materially from the information presented herein. When used in this 
Base Prospectus, the words “estimate”, “project”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “should” and similar 
expressions, as they relate to the Issuer and the Group and their management, are intended to identify such 
forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not undertake any obligations 
publicly to release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect the events or 
circumstances after the date of this Base Prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
When relying on forward-looking statements, investors should carefully consider the foregoing risks and 
uncertainties and other events, especially in light of the political, economic, social and legal environment in which 
the Group operates. Factors that might affect such forward-looking statements include, among other things, overall 
business and government regulatory conditions, changes in tariff and tax requirements (including tax rate changes, 
new tax laws and revised tax law interpretations), interest rate fluctuations and other capital market conditions, 
including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, economic and political conditions in the countries in 
which the Group operates and other markets, and the timing, impact and other uncertainties of future actions. 
See Risk Factors. The Issuer does not make any representation, warranty or prediction that the factors anticipated 
by such forward-looking statements will be present, and such forward-looking statements represent, in each case, 
only one of many possible scenarios and should not be viewed as the most likely or standard scenario. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 7 ---
7 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO TAX REGIME OF NOTES 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Czech tax implications and procedures in connection 
with an investment in Notes (see Risk Factors – Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the 
Czech Republic and Risk Factors – Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax 
Relief and Taxation). Investors must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to 
ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................50 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...........................................................................................51 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................54 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................108 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND REGULATION OF 
EMERGENCY MEASURES IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC ..........................................................................124 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................126 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP ....................................................................127 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP .................................................................................130 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................146 
BANKING REGULATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC ............................................................................152 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................159 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................167 
GENERAL INFORMATION .........................................................................................................................171 
INDEX ............................................................................................................................................................173

--- Page 9 ---
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a 
form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event and if appropriate, a new 
Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall have the same 
meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
31570010000000043842 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of these 
are set out under Risk Factors. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale  
Dealers: 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale  
 
and 
any 
other 
Dealers 
appointed 
in 
accordance 
with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see Subscription and 
Sale). 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or more 
widely and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes may 
be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in registered form as described in Form 
of the Notes.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition 
Event (as applicable) occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Independent Adviser in 
consultation with the Issuer or failing that, the Issuer may (subject 
to certain conditions) be permitted to substitute such benchmark 
and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application 
of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or 
zero)). See Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) for 
further information. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or following an Event of Default (in respect of 
Ordinary Senior Notes only) or (where specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
only) a Capital Disqualification Event or (where specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of Senior 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, only) an MREL Disqualification Event)) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
pursuant to the Clean-up Call Option and/or, in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes only, the Noteholders upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their original maturity only in 
compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in 
Condition 3.6 (Definitions)) then in force and, with the consent of 
the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as 
applicable. 
Substitution and Variation: 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable (other than in respect of any Ordinary 
Senior Notes) if at any time (i) (where specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) a Capital Disqualification Event occurs or (ii) (in respect of 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes where MREL Disqualification Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, or (iii) a circumstance giving rise to 
the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons 
under Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is 
continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness of the enforceability of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers), the Issuer may either substitute all (but not some only) of 
the Notes for, or modify the terms of the Notes accordingly,

--- Page 12 ---
12 
provided that they remain or, as appropriate, so that they become, 
Qualifying Notes. See Condition 12 (Substitution and variation). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amounts 
in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 9 (Taxation). In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 9 (Taxation) and save 
in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted (in respect of interest 
only, in respect of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
MREL Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as further described in Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior MREL Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
as more fully described in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) and all 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Moody’s assigned Baa2/P-2 long- and short-term bank deposits 
ratings to the Issuer. Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. The Notes, although 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, will 
be subject to those provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act, the 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act and any other provisions of 
Czech law applicable to or relevant for the Notes as notes having 
the status set out in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the Czech 
Republic), the United Kingdom and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see Subscription and Sale. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA not applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to 
identify all such risks as at the date of this Base Prospectus or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, 
as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risks as at the date of this Base Prospectus and certain risks which 
it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the 
Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect its business or ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, factors which have been identified as material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described in the list below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in the individual categories depending on their nature with the most material risk 
factor presented first in each category. 
I. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer and the Group are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
 
Risks Related to the External Conditions under which the Group Conducts its Business; 
 
Risks Related to the Business of the Issuer and the Group; and 
 
Risks Related to the Banking Business. 
Due to the significance of the Issuer’s position within the Group, where the Issuer’s individual results comprised 
98% of the Group’s consolidated loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2022 (95% as at 31 
December 2021), 97% of the Group’s consolidated deposits from customers as at 31 December 2022 (97% as at 
31 December 2021), 94% of the Group’s consolidated net interest income for the year 2022 (89% for the year 
2021) and 75% of the Group’s consolidated net fee and commission income for the year 2022 (76% for the year 
2021), a majority of the risk factors below specifically refer to the Issuer but have (for the above-described 
reasons) an impact on the Group as well. Accordingly, risk factors pertaining to the Group also have an impact 
on the Issuer. 
Risks Related to the External Conditions under which the Group Conducts its Business 
Risks related to global financial, political and economic conditions and other market factors  
The Group’s performance is influenced by the global political situation and economic conditions, the dynamics 
in the global financial markets, perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. The outlook for 
the global economy over the near to medium term remains uncertain and many forecasts predict an economic 
slowdown (a decline in real GDP growth rates) in many countries in which the Group operates. 
The COVID-19 pandemic caused a major decline in economic activity in 2020 and the global post COVID-19 
economic recovery has been hindered by the global supply chain bottlenecks which, combined with extremely 
loose monetary and fiscal policies, have fuelled rapidly accelerating inflation across the globe. The responses by 
central banks in a number of jurisdictions globally have included material upward adjustments in key interest 
rates, which may lead to an economic slowdown accompanied by a rise in unemployment. 
In Europe specifically, many countries, including the Czech Republic, continue to generate large budget deficits 
and face rising or maintain elevated levels of public debt. This may raise concern of the market participants that 
some of these countries may in the future have difficulty in obtaining funds or refinancing their obligations as 
they become due, especially if the market conditions were to become more volatile or fail to function altogether.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
The international credit rating agencies have recently downgraded the credit ratings of many of those countries 
and have also withdrawn the AAA rating of certain core European sovereigns. Austerity measures to reduce debt 
levels and fiscal deficits may too result in an economic slowdown accompanied by a marked rise in 
unemployment. Persistently high unemployment and high public debt levels have historically resulted in 
unusually high political risk and polarisation of society which can boost anti-EU sentiment. 
Each of these factors can change the overall demand for the Group’s products and services, the credit quality of 
its customers, debtors and counterparties, the net interest rate margin between lending and borrowing costs and 
the value of its investment and trading portfolios and can materially influence its operations, profitability and 
financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Risks related to the war in Ukraine  
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up along the border of Ukraine escalated tensions between Russia 
and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events unfolded early in 2022 with Russia commencing a 
full-scale military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 (the Invasion of Ukraine). 
Following the Invasion of Ukraine, the European Union (EU), the United States, the UK, Switzerland, Canada, 
Japan, Australia and certain other countries announced a broad array of sanctions (including, among others, asset 
freezes, travel restrictions, restriction on access to the EU capital markets, restrictions on imports and exports 
and SWIFT ban for certain Russian and Belarusian banks) many of which have since been implemented. 
The Invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions imposed on Russia accelerated the trend of rapidly rising 
commodity prices when many EU countries had to tackle their dependence on Russia for oil and gas supplies. 
Even though the EU as a whole largely replaced Russian gas with imports from other countries, the Invasion of 
Ukraine has brought about a considerable uncertainty for the future, in particular with regards to energy and food 
prices, and continues to pose a major risk for the economic growth in many EU countries. 
A more protracted slowdown in economic growth and/or persistently high inflation caused by the Invasion of 
Ukraine, including the responses mentioned above, may adversely affect the Group’s customers and, 
consequently, the Group’s lending activity and the quality of its loan portfolio. It may also lead to an increase in 
funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets. Each of these factors, 
individually or taken together, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and 
financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Deterioration in the economic conditions and political situation in the Czech Republic could adversely affect 
the Group’s operations, profitability and financial condition 
The Group principally conducts its business in the EU with the Czech Republic representing its most important 
market. As at 31 December 2022, 94% of the Group’s consolidated assets were located within the EU (2021: 
94%) with the Czech Republic accounting for 55% (2021: 57%). 
The Invasion of Ukraine has had a material impact on the Czech economy. Prior to the Invasion of Ukraine, the 
Czech Republic was almost entirely dependent on Russian gas (albeit transported to the country via Germany) 
which according to the information published by the Czech Ministry of Industry and Trade in 2021 represented 
approximately 97% of the country’s gas imports. This was reduced to approximately 3% in 2022 and to zero in 
January 2023 when Russian gas was entirely replaced by supplies from Norway and liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
from the Netherlands and Belgium. Although the country and its storage capacity proved to be well-positioned 
to navigate the 2022 – 2023 heating season, some uncertainty around the 2023 – 2024 heating season still persists 
given the need to replenish the storage capacity and the possibility of reduced availability of alternatives in case 
the on-going construction of LNG terminals in Germany and Poland does not progress as planned. Such an abrupt 
re-orientation, however, inevitably has had a severe impact on Czech businesses and households as high energy 
prices contributed materially to the country’s inflation rate and the government emergency support measures 
implemented in response to the energy crisis deepened the budget deficit. Secondly, the Invasion of Ukraine has 
caused a number of Ukrainian citizens to seek refuge in the Czech Republic. According to the United Nations 
Refugee Agency, almost 500,000 Ukrainians applied for temporary protection in the Czech Republic. Such a 
large number of refugees may put a strain on public services and may lead to increased government spending, 
further deepening the budget deficit.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
The combination of loose monetary and fiscal policies coupled with bottlenecks in the global supply chains and 
external shocks such as the Invasion of Ukraine pushed the Czech inflation rate to above 15% in 2022, according 
to the data published by the Eurostat. In response to the rising inflation, the Czech National Bank (the CNB) 
considerably tightened its monetary policy by increasing the key policy rate from 0.5% in June 2021 to the 
current 7%. Such a rapid monetary policy tightening may have a material adverse effect on the real economy by 
making loans more expensive for both businesses as well as households, which can undermine their demand for 
loans and their ability to service their obligations, especially in situations where their borrowings reprice to the 
new, considerably higher, interest rate levels. It can also bring about an economic slowdown, which may have a 
further negative impact on borrowers’ creditworthiness. 
The Group’s business, as well as the successful implementation of its strategy, is highly dependent on the 
financial situation of its customers and their ability to repay existing loans, make deposits and invest in financial 
products offered by the Group. The level of risk that is acceptable to customers may also decrease with respect 
to investments in securities, investment fund units or other investment products offered by the Group. Any 
deterioration in the economic conditions and political situation in the Czech Republic could adversely affect the 
Group’s operations, profitability and financial condition and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the 
Notes. 
The Czech Republic’s long term foreign currency debt rating is AA- with stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings 
(S&P), Aa3 with negative outlook by Moody’s and AA- with negative outlook by Fitch Ratings (Fitch). While 
S&P most recently affirmed the Czech Republic’s rating including its stable outlook on 14 October 2022, Fitch 
affirmed the Czech Republic’s rating with a negative outlook on 3 March 2023 and Moody’s affirmed the Czech 
Republic’s rating and changed the outlook from stable to negative on 5 August 2022. There can be no guarantee 
that any of S&P, Fitch or Moody’s will not downgrade their respective rating of the Czech Republic’s long term 
foreign currency obligations, which may have a negative impact on issuers out of the Czech Republic and the 
value of their outstanding securities. 
Risks associated with the tax regulation 
The Group is exposed to tax risks associated with general changes in tax rates or tax legislation or the incorrect 
interpretation of the rules and regulations in force. If tax risks are realised, this could lead to an increase in taxes 
or penalties which, in turn, could cause financial losses for the Group. 
The Issuer specifically is subject to a risk of a sector tax applicable to the Issuer being introduced in the Czech 
Republic. On 14 September 2022, the European Commission introduced a proposal for a Council Regulation on 
an emergency intervention to address high prices (the Emergency Intervention Proposal) which, among others, 
establishes a solidarity contribution of electricity generating companies and fossil fuel sector due to the current 
market situation and their profits. Following the Emergency Intervention Proposal, on 6 October 2022, the Czech 
Ministry of Finance introduced a windfall tax legislation, which was approved by the Parliament of the Czech 
Republic, signed by the President and published in the Collection of Laws during November 2022 and fully 
entered into force on 1 January 2023 (the Windfall Tax Amendment). 
The Windfall Tax Amendment applies to energy sector companies and banks meeting certain criteria. In the 
banking sector specifically, the Windfall Tax Amendment is applicable to financial institutions that in 2021 
generated net interest income exceeding CZK 6 billion, which is the threshold generally separating large and 
medium sized banks and small banks, as defined by the CNB. The tax rate is 60% and will apply to the concerned 
companies as a tax surcharge on top of the 19% corporate income tax on their profits above the threshold. The 
additional 60% tax rate will be applied against positive difference between tax base in the current year and the 
arithmetic average of its historical tax bases for the four preceding tax years before 2022 (i.e. 2018 – 2021) 
increased by 20%. The Windfall Tax Amendment assumes a time limited effect for years 2023 to 2025. Advances 
on this tax are to be paid already during 2023 along with advances on corporate income tax based on the 2022 
reported tax base. 
Although the windfall tax introduced by the Windfall Tax Amendment does not apply to the Issuer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, there is a risk that it may apply to the Issuer (as well as other Czech medium sized and 
small banks) in the future as a result of further amendments being made or similar measures being introduced. 
This could adversely affect the Group’s operations, profitability and financial condition and the Issuer’s ability 
to meet the obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Risks associated with COVID-19 and other pandemics 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease known as 
COVID-19, caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as SARSCoV-
2), to be a global pandemic. 
Despite successful vaccination programmes in many countries, including in the Czech Republic, the risk to the 
global economy of further virus mutation continues. Due to the spread of other variants of COVID-19, 
particularly in China, disruptions in global trade flows, including port closures, have led to a shortage of inputs 
and goods in large parts of the world and have negatively impacted global economic growth and, to an extent, 
also fuelled inflation. Additionally, the various pandemic containment measures undertaken by governments, 
including lockdowns, have had lasting financial consequences for corporations, financial institutions and 
individuals. These factors in combination may result in protracted volatility in international markets and/or result 
in an extended global recession as a consequence of disruptions to nearly all economic sectors. 
The COVID-19 pandemic directly affected the Issuer through increased costs related to various staff protection 
measures and indirectly through deterioration in the financial condition of some of the Issuer’s customers, in 
particular those active in the hospitality and leisure sectors. It also curtailed the Issuer’s ability to make certain 
financial policy decisions when, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the CNB issued a guideline in 2020 
recommending to Czech banks to temporarily suspend their dividend payments which all regulated entities 
followed. As a result, the Issuer did not pay out any dividend to its parent company, J&T FINANCE GROUP 
SE, in 2020 and 2021.  
There can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future. If such pandemics 
or outbreaks occur in the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects as the COVID-19 pandemic, 
and can have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial condition and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Business of the Issuer and the Group 
The Issuer is a corporate bank competing against larger financial institutions with a universal banking model 
and more diversified and predictable revenue streams 
Unlike its competitors in the Czech market who typically operate a universal banking model and serve both 
mass-market retail and corporate customers (including small and medium enterprises), the Issuer primarily serves 
top locally owned corporates and affluent private banking clientele (these corporates are largely owned by 
persons regularly placed in the Forbes Top 100 List for the Czech Republic and Slovakia). As at 31 December 
2022, loans to individuals amounted to 2% of the Issuer’s consolidated loans and advances to customers (2021: 
3%). As a result, the Issuer derives nearly all of its consolidated net interest income and consolidated net fees 
and commissions from corporate and investment banking and asset management services. In the year ended 
31 December 2022, net interest income represented 61% (2021: 73%) and net fees and commissions 16% (2021: 
26%) of the Issuer’s consolidated operating income, respectively. The Issuer’s revenue streams are, therefore, 
less diversified compared to other Czech banks. Moreover, demand for certain services such as, for example, 
securities underwriting and placement, which in the year ended 31 December 2022 generated 20% of the Issuer’s 
consolidated net fees and commissions (2021: 25%), tends to fluctuate in time. As a result, the Issuer’s revenues 
may be less predictable and more volatile than revenues of its competitors. Any of the above factors may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to 
meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer serves a specific market segment and its future success depends on the relationships with, and the 
opportunities generated by, this market segment 
The Issuer strategically focuses on, and serves, a specific market niche consisting of clients and potential clients 
who value individual approach and tailor-made solutions and appreciate flexibility and speed of execution – the 
building blocks of the Issuer’s competitive advantage – rather than just price. While the Issuer has built a highly 
recognised brand in the Czech market, the success of its business depends on the relationships with, and the 
opportunities generated by, existing and potential clients in this relatively narrow and specific market segment. 
No assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to maintain these relationships, including by being able to 
continue to offer financing solutions and investment opportunities its clients will find sufficiently appealing, to 
develop new relationships, or that the existing and targeted client base will be able to generate enough

--- Page 18 ---
18 
opportunities the Issuer and the Group will be able to monetise in the future. A failure to do so may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to 
meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio contains relatively large loans, some of which are junior or subordinated, provided 
to a relatively small number of clients. This creates concentration risk which tends to be greater than in a 
universal banking model 
The Issuer’s unique selling proposition in the Czech corporate lending segment lies in its ability, often together 
with its subsidiaries within the Group or sister companies, to arrange financing across a client’s or its project’s 
capital structure, including senior debt via the Issuer, bond financing (through J&T IB and Capital Markets a.s., 
the Issuer’s investment banking subsidiary) (J&T IB and Capital Markets), junior or hybrid financing (through 
J&T Mezzanine, a.s., the Issuer’s sister company, and, to a smaller extent, also via the Issuer) or equity financing 
(through 
J&T 
INVESTIČNÍ 
SPOLEČNOST, 
a.s., 
the 
Issuer’s 
asset 
management 
subsidiary) 
(J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST).  
The Issuer is a corporate bank and, as such, it does not provide retail loans (i.e. loans to individuals) which 
typically range from several hundred CZK (in case of consumer loans) to single digit million CZK (in case of 
mortgages). Instead, it focuses on financing corporate clients where loans typically range from several hundred 
million CZK up to single digit billion CZK and some of these loans may rank junior or be subordinated to other 
loans in a client’s capital structure. Therefore, in comparison to a retail bank with a balance sheet of a similar 
size, the average size of a loan granted by the Issuer is higher and the Issuer serves a considerably smaller number 
of clients. These factors increase the Issuer’s concentration risk. The difference between the corporate and retail 
business models is, all things being equal, generally reflected in a greater amount of risk weighted assets typically 
associated with corporate lending and, consequently, a greater capital requirement that would typically apply to 
a corporate bank, such as the Issuer, compared to a retail bank of similar size.  
The relatively large exposures also mean that a re-classification of loans within stages, even if temporary, can 
materially impact the reported share of non-performing exposures at any given date and is one of the reasons 
why the Issuer has consistently reported higher share of non-performing exposures compared to the Czech market 
average for corporate lending. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s share of non-performing exposures on an 
individual basis stood at 4.3% of its gross loan book (2021: 5.7%) compared to the Czech market average for 
corporate lending which stood at 3.4% (2021: 3.8%), according to the data published by the CNB. 
While the Issuer believes that it is well capitalised relative to the risk it takes, with a 20.36% Total Capital Ratio 
(2021: 17.65%) and 13.21% Leverage Ratio (2021: 10.58%) on an individual basis as at 31 December 2022 and 
has historically experienced only moderate client defaults, there can be no assurance that this historical trend 
will not reverse in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on Group’s operations, profitability and 
financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Risk related to the Issuer’s exposure to real estate and construction sectors 
The Issuer has significant exposures to real estate and construction sectors, which are monitored together given 
their similar characteristics. As at 31 December 2022, the real estate sector represented 21% (2021: 25%) and 
the construction sector represented 11% (2021: 8%) of the Group’s consolidated net loans and advances to 
customers, respectively. 
The real estate and construction sectors are cyclical and sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, 
consumer preferences, interest rates, supply and demand, and availability of financing. The sectors may also face 
regulatory uncertainties, environmental liabilities, litigation and competition from other developers, builders, 
and investors. These factors may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer’s clients to repay their loans and the 
value of the real estate collateral securing these loans. If property values decline in the future or the value of the 
real estate collateral proves to be insufficient, the Issuer’s operations, profitability and financial position can be 
materially adversely affected and expose the Issuer to reputational damage or legal claims if it is involved in any 
disputes, controversies, or scandals related to its real estate and construction lending activities or practices, which 
in turn can have a material adverse effect on Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Risks related to the Group’s exposure to Ukraine and Russia 
The Group is exposed to Russia and Ukraine through the operation of the Issuer’s Russian subsidiary J&T 
BANK, a.o. and through loans provided by the Issuer to customers in and/or exposed to Russia and Ukraine. 
The Group’s consolidated exposure to customers in and/or exposed to Russia and Ukraine is shown in the table 
below: 
 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 March 2022 
Cash and cash equivalents 
- 
1,497 
Receivables from banks and other financial 
institutions 
8 
5 
Loans and advances to customers 
1,036 
3,365 
Securities 
1,836 
2,336 
Investment property 
325 
108 
Other assets 
986 
525 
Deposits and loans from banks 
145 
1,345 
Deposits from customers 
2,953 
2,731 
Other liabilities 
132 
235 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group reported revenues from Russian and Ukrainian customers in the total amount 
of CZK 113 million (CZK 193 million as at 31 December 2021). 
The Issuer’s Russian subsidiary J&T Bank, a.o. is fully self-funded and, following the Invasion of Ukraine, 
suspended all new lending and deposit taking activities and has since been running-off its loan portfolio and 
placing excess liquidity with the Russian central bank. Discussions about a potential disposal of J&T Bank, a.o. 
are on-going, although – given the current situation (including international sanctions being put in place and the 
need to obtain consent from the Russian central bank) – the outcome is difficult to predict. 
The Issuer’s direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine is shown in the table below: 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 March 2022 
Ukraine 
Loans 
186 
1,380 
Bonds 
54 
52 
Russia 
Loans 
100 
148 
Ownership Interest 
508 
1,645 
Total 
 
848 
3,225 
Given the partial write-down of the Issuers direct exposures to Russia and Ukraine (loans and securities) since 
the Invasion of Ukraine, the Issuer’s exposure to Russia and Ukraine is now primarily represented by the book 
value of its investment in J&T BANK, a.o. (including the building in which J&T BANK, a.o. is headquartered). 
Although the financial impact of a full write-down of the remaining Russian and Ukrainian exposure would not 
be significant for the Issuer and the Group, some residual risks still remain in place until a full exit from the 
Russian market is realised. These include reputational risk or sanctions risk, both of which may ultimately have 
a disproportionately negative impact on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may be unable to continue to effectively hedge its positions 
As at 31 December 2022, 64% of the Group’s consolidated customer deposits were denominated in CZK (2021: 
57%), whereas 74% of the Group’s consolidated net loans and advances to customers were denominated in EUR 
(2021: 67%). The Issuer manages this mismatch using hedging derivative instruments, primarily cross-currency 
and foreign exchange swaps. When entering into those hedging arrangements, the Issuer relies on a group of 
counterparties which consists of both domestic financial institutions as well as global investment banks. There 
is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to maintain the hedging lines it has in place with the existing 
counterparties or that it will be able to replace any counterparty should such counterparty decide to terminate the 
existing relationship with the Issuer, on commercially acceptable terms or at all. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Resignation or loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to execute its strategy 
The key personnel, including Patrik Tkáč, Igor Kováč, Štěpán Ašer, Tomáš Klimíček, Jan Kotek and Anna 
Macaláková as members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and senior management team, have been instrumental 
in establishing and implementing the Issuer’s strategy. Their continued service, or the ability of the Group to 
appoint suitable replacements when necessary, is critical to the overall management of the Issuer and its ability 
to achieve the Issuer’s strategic objectives.  
During the second quarter of 2023, it is envisaged that Štěpán Ašer and Igor Kováč might become minority 
shareholders in J&T FINANCE GROUP SE, each acquiring a 4.95% ownership interest from Ivan Jakabovič, 
respectively. Following these changes in the ownership structure of J&T FINANCE GROUP SE, both Štěpán 
Ašer and Igor Kováč would likely leave their existing positions in the Issuer’s Board of Directors within the next 
6 – 18 months in order to fully focus on their responsibilities as Members of the Board of Directors of J&T 
FINANCE GROUP SE. These changes have been planned in advance in order to ensure an orderly transition. 
The candidates that would replace Štěpán Ašer and Igor Kováč are subject to a regulatory review process. As 
such, they will be announced once this regulatory review process is completed. 
The departure of other key personnel or the inability to attract and retain other suitably qualified senior 
management personnel, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, profitability and financial 
position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Banking Business 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to credit risk 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to the risk that borrowers and other counterparties under financial 
agreements will be unable or unwilling to meet their obligations in accordance with the agreed terms and 
conditions. The largest source of the Issuer’s and the Group’s credit risk exposure relates to their lending 
activities. 
The quality of the assets in the Issuer’s and the Group’s loan portfolio is affected by changes in the 
creditworthiness of their customers, their ability to repay loans on time and the Issuer’s as well as the Group’s 
ability to enforce their security interests on customers’ collateral. The recoverability of the credit provided by 
the Issuer and the Group to its customers may be adversely affected by negative changes in the overall economic, 
political or regulatory environment affecting the ability of the Issuer’s as well as the Group’s counterparties to 
repay their loans, the effectiveness of enforcement proceedings, a decrease in collateral values and other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer’s and the Group’s control. Insolvency proceedings in the Czech Republic often 
take several years (as demonstrated by the insolvency proceedings in respect of Arca Investments, in which the 
Issuer acts a secured creditor and which have been going on since May 2021) and the level of the creditors' 
recovery is relatively low. 
Furthermore, the Issuer undertakes certain types of lending without tangible collateral, relying only on personal 
guarantees, which may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount following a default. In the case of a 
default of such a loan, the Issuer has no recourse to collateral, and as a result of this if a large proportion of these 
borrowers were to default due to deteriorating economic conditions or otherwise this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
Although the Issuer and the Group make provisions for potential credit losses in accordance with all applicable 
requirements and regulations, the provisions are made based on available information, estimates and 
assumptions, which, by definition, are subject to uncertainty. Therefore, there can be no assurance that provisions 
made by the Issuer and the Group are or will be sufficient to cover potential future losses. The following tables 
show the break-down of expected credit loss (ECL) of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Loans and Other Advances to Customers at Amortised Cost as at 31 December 2022 
(in CZK millions) 
 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
ECL 
Stage 1 
ECL 
Stage 2 
ECL 
Stage 3 
ECL  
Stage 3 -
POCI 
Net 
carrying 
amount 
Loans and advances to customers 
and overdraft 
89,143 
(946) 
(421) 
(3,260) 
30 
84,546 
Receivables from reverse 
repurchase agreements with 
customers 
2,490 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,490 
Margin lending (debits) 
16,078 
- 
- 
- 
- 
16,078 
Receivables from provided 
finance leases 
1,107 
(10) 
(3) 
(36) 
- 
1,058 
Other receivables 
2,130 
(25) 
- 
(116) 
(12) 
1,977 
Total as at 31 December 2022 
110,948 
(981) 
(424) 
(3,412) 
(18) 
106,149 
 
Loans and Other Advances to Customers at Amortised Cost as at 31 December 2021 
(in CZK millions) 
 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
ECL 
Stage 1 
ECL 
Stage 2 
ECL 
Stage 3 
ECL 
Stage 3 - 
POCI 
Net 
carrying 
amount 
Loans and advances to customers 
and overdraft 
76,071 
(363) 
(477) 
(3,128) 
(50) 
72,053 
Receivables from reverse 
repurchase agreements with 
customers 
2,573 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,573 
Margin lending (debits) 
17,729 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,729 
Receivables from provided 
finance leases 
807 
(7) 
(2) 
(39) 
- 
759 
Other receivables 
158 
(1) 
- 
(115) 
(2) 
40 
Total as at 31 December 2021 
97,338 
(371) 
(479) 
(3,282) 
(52) 
93,154 
Furthermore, if the credit quality of the Issuer’s and the Group’s loans or the financial health of any of their 
customers (including, among others, clients in the construction and real estate sector to which the Issuer has 
significant exposure as described in more detail in Risk related to the Issuer’s exposure to real estate and 
construction sectors above) were to deteriorate, additional impairment provisions may have to be made, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s operations, profitability and financial 
position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Any write-downs in the Issuer’s or the Group’s loan portfolio due to loan losses may ultimately be attributable 
to many factors, such as the general economic situation, including as a result of economic downturn caused by 
the impact of COVID-19, higher interest rates resulting from inflation expectations and/or monetary policy 
tightening, negative changes in the credit ratings of customers or counterparties, customers’ servicing of loans 
and ability to pay, reduction in property values, structural and technological changes in different sectors and 
external factors such as new rules laid down in legislation and relevant regulations all of which, individually or 
taken together, can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s operations, profitability and 
financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to market risk, in particular interest rate risk and foreign exchange 
risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss to the Issuer and the Group arising from unfavourable changes in interest rates, 
currency exchange rates, quoted prices of securities, derivatives, commodities, investment instruments and other 
market variables. The Issuer and the Group are primarily exposed to interest rate risk and foreign currency 
exchange rate risk. 
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss or reduction of future income following changes in interest rates, including 
the price risk connected to the sale of assets or closing of positions. In the ordinary course of business, interest 
rate risk arises due to timing differences in the maturity (for fixed rate) and repricing (for floating rate) of the 
Issuer’s and the Group’s assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Due to differences between the Issuer’s and the Group’s lending and deposit interest rates, the Issuer or other 
members of the Group may face considerable interest rate risk, as changes in interest rates, yield curves and 
credit margins can affect the net interest margin realised between the loans provided and deposits accepted. 
Changes in interest rates (which have spiked in recent months mainly as a result of growing inflation but due to 
other macroeconomic factors as well) can have a disproportionate or unexpected impact on the return on interest-
bearing assets or the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, or otherwise have a negative effect on the Issuer’s or the 
Group’s funding costs. An increase in interest rates can also affect general demand for loan products as customers 
face higher borrowing costs. The Issuer as well as the Group are also exposed to the risk that the fair value of 
instruments in its securities portfolio may be affected due to shifts in yield curves and credit spreads. 
The Value at Risk (VaR) statistics of the market risk as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are set out 
in the following table. 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
VaR market risk overall 
179 
111 
VaR interest rate risk 
83 
85 
VaR FX risk 
100 
29 
VaR equity risk 
87 
20 
VaR commodity risk 
1 
1 
In order to assess the impact of extremely unfavourable market conditions, the Group performs stress testing. As 
part of the stress testing, a short-term, medium-term and long-term historic shock scenario is applied to the 
trading portfolio, and the foreign currency and commodity positions of the Group as a whole. These scenarios 
evaluate the deepest drop of the current portfolio value which would have happened in the last two years (short-
term scenario), five years (medium-term scenario) or fifteen years (long-term scenario). The change in the fair 
value of the trading portfolio of the Group due to historic shock scenarios is set in the following table. 
(in CZK million) 
2022 
2021 
Short-term scenario 
(204) 
(297) 
Medium-term scenario 
(468) 
(297) 
Long-term scenario 
(660) 
(297) 
The Group performs stress testing of the investment portfolio using a standardised interest rate shock, i.e. an 
immediate decrease / increase in interest rates by 200 basis points along the entire yield curve. The impact of a 
sudden change in interest rates by 200bp on the present value of the investment portfolio of the Group in 
economic value of equity (EVE) and net interest income (NII) is set out in the following table. 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Increase/decrease in the present 
value of the investment portfolio  
due to a sudden change in interest 
rates by 200 bp 
EVE 
upward 
843 
(520) 
downward 
(1,274) 
(1,344) 
NII 
upward 
(992) 
(601) 
downward 
901 
1,084 
The Issuer and other members of the Group endeavour to protect themselves against interest rate risk by entering 
into interest rate derivative contracts for hedging purposes or by accepting deposits with an interest and maturity 
structure that decreases the interest risk. It is, nevertheless, difficult to anticipate changes in the market situation 
and to predict the impact that such changes could have. An unfavourable movement in interest rates and the 
Issuer’s or the Group’s inability to maintain net interest rate margins can have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s and the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the 
obligations under the Notes. 
Foreign currency exchange rate risk means that the Issuer or other members of the Group might suffer potential 
loss from unexpected unfavourable movements in exchange rates. Foreign currency exchange rates may be 
affected by complex political and economic factors, including relative rates of inflation, interest rate differentials, 
balance of payments between countries, the extent of any governmental budget surplus or deficit, and monetary, 
fiscal and trade policies pursued by governments in different countries. A substantial portion of the Group’s 
assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than Czech koruna and can be adversely affected by 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The following tables set out the foreign exchange exposures of 
the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Foreign Exchange Risk Exposure as at 31 December 2022 (in CZK millions) 
 
CZK 
USD 
EUR 
RUB 
Other 
Total 
Assets 
105,862 
12,286 
92,632 
2,033 
5,536 
218,349 
Equity and liabilities 
111,517 
2,002 
61,777 
2,808 
940 
179,044 
 
Foreign Exchange Risk Exposure as at 31 December 2021 (in CZK millions) 
 
CZK 
USD 
EUR 
RUB 
Other 
Total 
Assets 
95,856 
13,354 
74,166 
4,574 
4,574 
192,524 
Equity and liabilities 
90,168 
2,733 
64,017 
3,083 
1,373 
161,374 
While the Issuer and other members of the Group endeavour to protect themselves against foreign currency 
exchange rate risk by entering into cross-currency derivative contracts for hedging purposes, an unexpected 
unfavourable movement in foreign currency exchange rates can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
and the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to operational risk related to their business activities 
The Group is exposed to operational risk which is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people, and systems, or external events. This may arise as a result of a variety of factors, including 
the acts of the Group’s employees, inadequate system operations, irregularities in internal processes, acts of third 
parties and other external conditions, such as floods, fires or pandemics. The Group is also exposed to fraud 
committed by its customers, suppliers and third parties, such as cyber criminals, as well as fraud or misconduct 
committed by employees. Such fraud or misconduct may arise or persist due to the failure or inadequacy of the 
Group’s risk management or corporate governance procedures, weaknesses in IT infrastructure or the failure of 
third-party contractors to identify or prevent such fraud or misconduct. 
The scope of the operational risks associated with the Group’s employees include the risk of financial losses 
resulting from employees’ lack of knowledge, inadequate training or violation of laws, rules and regulations or 
any other misconduct or fraudulent behaviour. Misconduct and fraud have been seen across the global financial 
services industry and could involve conduct such as, but not limited to, the improper use or disclosure of 
confidential information or the violation of laws and regulations concerning financial abuse and money 
laundering. The occurrence of any type of misconduct or fraud could result in penalties or sanctions being 
imposed on the Issuer or other members of the Group, in addition to the risk that the Issuer or other members of 
the Group may suffer serious reputational or commercial harm. 
The area of financial services is characterised by continuous improvement in operational and information 
technology and infrastructure. Systems require regular upgrades to meet customer needs and regulatory 
requirements, keeping the pace corresponding to the current operations of banks and financial institutions. The 
Group or its service providers may not be able to implement the necessary improvements (such as the e-Portal 
client interface as described in more detail in Risks associated with business development initiatives and digital 
innovation) on time and upgrades may not work as planned. It is not certain that the Group will always be able 
to anticipate and respond in a timely and effective manner to the demand for new services and technologies to 
adapt its infrastructure to advanced technologies. 
In addition, there is a risk that key security and transaction documents held by the Issuer or other members of 
the Group may be lost, misplaced or destroyed (notwithstanding the Issuer’s best efforts to prevent this). Any 
such documents that are lost or destroyed would reduce the Group’s ability to enforce its collateral or its rights 
against the relevant counterparty in the relevant court. Any violation of the Issuer’s or other Group members’ 
internal risk management procedures, monitoring systems for foreign exchange transactions and control 
procedures could also result in the Issuer or other members of the Group inadvertently entering into binding 
transactions that exceed authorised limits. There is also a risk of sudden stoppages in the Group’s systems due 
to unexpected severe internal or external operational risk event(s), which may result in critical service 
disruptions. All of these factors or events, individually or taken together, can have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under 
the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Risks associated with the counterparty credit risk and presence of derivatives in the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
portfolio 
Counterparty credit risk is the risk of loss arising from a failure of a counterparty to meet the terms of any contract 
with any member of the Group, or otherwise to fail to perform as agreed. In order to reduce the volatility in its 
net interest income, the Issuer limits the structural interest rate risk (which occurs as a result of imbalance 
between interest rate ties and the re-pricing of assets and liabilities) and the foreign currency exchange rate risk 
exposure, through extensive use of hedging derivative instruments, primarily cross-currency and foreign 
exchange swaps. 
When entering into those hedging arrangements, the Issuer and the Group rely on a group of counterparties which 
consists of both domestic financial institutions as well as global investment banks. There is no guarantee that the 
Issuer or the Group will be able to maintain the hedging lines it has in place with the existing counterparties or 
that it will be able to replace any counterparty should such counterparty decide to terminate the existing 
relationship with the Issuer or the Group. There can also be no guarantee that the Issuer and the Group will 
succeed in correctly estimating the risk that occurs in relation to those derivative contracts, which may mean that 
the collateral and other arrangements entered into between the Issuer and the Group and their counterparties turn 
out to be insufficient. Errors can also occur in relation to valuation of transactions and the managing of collateral 
arrangements, which can lead to the outcome of the arrangement being different than intended. A failure to hedge 
the interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risks or any default in the future by any significant 
counterparty can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and the Group’s operations, profitability and 
financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to liquidity risk 
The Issuer and other members of the Group are exposed to liquidity risk which is the risk of incurring losses 
resulting from the inability to meet payment obligations in a timely manner when they become due or from being 
unable to do so at an acceptable cost. This may arise, for example, if refinancing can only be obtained at 
unfavourable terms or is entirely impossible. 
Like most other Czech banks, the Issuer relies primarily on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its 
funding requirements. The majority of the Issuer’s deposits are retail deposits, whereas 33% of the Issuer’s 
deposits as at 31 December 2022 could be withdrawn on-demand without any notice (37% as at 31 December 
2021). These deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors beyond the Issuer’s control, and no assurances can 
be given by the Issuer that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. 
Since the majority of the Issuer’s funding comes from its customer deposit base, any material decrease in deposits 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s liquidity unless appropriate measures are taken, which may not be 
possible under economically acceptable terms, if at all. 
The Czech banking sector experienced an extreme impact of this risk quite recently when Sberbank CZ, a.s., an 
indirect subsidiary of the Russian majority state-owned Sberbank, entered liquidation in May 2022, following a 
rapid withdrawal of deposits by customers as a result of the Invasion of Ukraine. 
Also, the Issuer or other members of the Group may be unable to meet their respective immediate payment 
obligations on any particular day and may have to obtain liquidity from the market at short notice and on 
unfavourable terms, or even fail to obtain liquidity from the market and, at the same time, be unable to generate 
sufficient alternative liquidity through the sale of its liquid assets. Loss of customer trust in the Issuer or other 
members of the Group could result in unexpectedly high client money outflows. Deposits could be withdrawn 
faster than the rate at which some of the Group’s borrowers repay their loans, and lending obligations could be 
terminated. The Issuer’s or other Group members’ liquidity buffers may not be sufficient and results of the 
Issuer’s or other Group members’ liquidity risk management models may lead to inadequate management 
measures. All of the above can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s liquidity and 
financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to funding risk 
Funding risk is the risk of failure to refinance maturing wholesale funding, i.e. securities issued in the capital 
markets, on sufficiently favourable terms, if at all. Access to, and the cost of, financing raised by the Issuer or 
other members of the Group through the capital markets are affected, among other things, by general interest 
rate environment, interest rate cycle, investor sentiment or the Issuer’s as well as other Group members’ own

--- Page 25 ---
25 
capital adequacy and credit ratings. Any deterioration in market conditions or a downgrade of the Issuer’s current 
credit rating may increase its funding costs and limit its access to the capital markets. This could lead to a 
deterioration in the Issuer’s liquidity and make it more difficult to refinance its outstanding securities when they 
become due. This can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s liquidity and financial position and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Competition in the financial services sector is intense 
The sector in which the Issuer operates is and is expected to remain highly competitive. The Issuer and the Group 
compete with both established and new competitors from the Czech Republic and, more broadly, from the EU. 
The Czech banking market is concentrated with the five largest players – Československá obchodní banka, Česká 
spořitelna, Komerční banka, UniCredit and Raiffeisenbank – in 2021 in aggregate accounting for 65.6% of the 
Czech banking sector assets (2011: 61.8%), 60.8% of the Czech banking sector loans (2011: 58.6%), 68.9% of 
the Czech banking sector deposits (2011: 64.8%) and 70.7% of the Czech banking sector net profit (2011: 
75.1%), according to the data published by the CNB.1 Apart from the considerable scale, all of these banks are 
also part of large publicly listed international financial services groups with good access to funding and capital. 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to compete effectively against these and other larger in-market 
players which could have a material adverse effect on its operations, profitability and financial position and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, the Czech financial services sector has been consolidating as competitors aim to increase the 
economies of scale inherent in their businesses with medium sized banks being particularly active. More 
specifically, in 2020, MONETA Money Bank, a.s. acquired Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot 
hypoteční banka a.s. In 2021, Raiffeisenbank a.s. acquired Equa Bank a.s. and completed a re-contracting of ING 
BANK N.V.’s Czech retail customer portfolio. Finally, in November 2022, Česká spořitelna, a.s. signed an 
agreement allowing it to take over the loan portfolio of Sberbank CZ, a.s., which entered liquidation following 
the failure of Sberbank’s European operation after the Invasion of Ukraine. 
If competitors merge, they can typically realize synergies and benefit from greater economies of scale, which 
may allow them to offer new products at more attractive prices, while maintaining their margins. Intense 
competition can lead to a reduction in the Issuer’s net interest margin as well as fee income. New and/or larger 
competitors in the market may also offer jobs to the Issuer’s employees and thus potentially cause the Issuer to 
lose talent, which may force the Issuer to create better conditions to retain its employees to mitigate this impact, 
thus potentially significantly increasing the Issuer’s personnel costs. 
Another current trend in the financial services sector is dis-intermediation whereby financial services providers 
seek to limit or reduce the role of intermediaries (such as brokers or independent agents) because of the more 
diverse opportunities in new technologies that replace or reduce the need to use such intermediaries. This trend 
is likely to create new competitors that may have different business models allowing them to compete even more 
aggressively on price and fees. 
The Issuer’s ability to handle this competition depends on many factors, including the Issuer’s reputation, the 
quality of its services, performance, sales efforts, product innovation, pricing, ability to attract and retain 
qualified and competent staff, investments into its IT systems and infrastructure, ability to adapt to new industry 
trends and its access to liquidity and capital. A failure to compete effectively may have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s operations, profitability or financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under 
the Notes. 
Risks associated with regulatory requirements and the Issuer’s and the Group’s legal obligations 
The Issuer and the Group’s business operations are subject to a large number of laws and regulations concerning 
banking operations and financial services and the Issuer and the Group are subject to stringent, constantly 
increasing and changing regulation and supervision, which means that the Issuer and the Group may be subject 
to intervention from the regulatory authorities and there is no assurance that the Issuer and the Group will be 
found fully compliant with all applicable laws and regulations. 
                                                     
1 Source: Financial Market Supervision Reports of the CNB for the year 2021 and 2011. Available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/supervision-
financial-market/aggregate-information-financial-sector/financial-market-supervision-reports/.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
In recent years, the regulation of banking operations and the financial sector in general has globally undergone 
extensive changes. The regulation applicable to banks and in the financial sector generally has been constantly 
tightening and the powers of the regulators have been widening since the 2008 global financial crisis. These 
changes can have an impact, among others, on capital and liquidity requirements for banking operations and can 
lead to further costs and obligations for the Issuer and the Group. Changes may also be imposed on rules 
governing how the Issuer and the Group run their business. New regulation may force the Issuer and the Group 
to reduce their level of risk, volume of business in general or the lending exposure to certain sectors in particular. 
New regulation also generally increases the administrative burden, resulting in increased costs and lower 
profitability. 
There have been recent regulatory changes focussing on environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors. 
Given the complexity of new ESG-related regulations, and as they have been introduced only recently, there is 
a risk that the Group may fail to comply with all such ESG-related regulatory requirements on time. Failure to 
comply with such ESG requirements may have an adverse impact on the Issuer and the Group through the 
imposition of fines and other regulatory sanctions as well as through reputational damage. 
Measures taken by the authorities or unfavourable decisions in disputes with the authorities could also result in 
fines or restrictions and limits being imposed on the Issuer’s or the Group’s business operations and give cause 
for negative publicity. 
Furthermore, banking activities are largely dependent on contractual relationships. Customers and counterparties 
to agreements that any member of the Group has entered into may submit claims against the Group or its 
subsidiaries that can lead to disputes and legal action. Such demands may, for example, concern liability towards 
customers with regard to the sale of unsuitable products or with regard to incorrect advice. If the Issuer or any 
member of the Group are deemed to have neglected their duties, they may be liable to pay damages. Any legal 
action against any member of the Group can also have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation, which in 
turn can have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the 
Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
If any of the risks set out above were to be realised, this can have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements associated with a holding of the Notes for certain 
investors and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new capital adequacy 
requirements 
The Issuer is subject to the Basel III framework introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
Basel Committee), which envisages a substantial strengthening of existing capital rules, including new capital 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum leverage ratios for financial 
institutions. In particular, the changes include, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, 
measures to strengthen the capital requirements for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain 
transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for funding 
liquidity (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). The 
changes approved by the Basel Committee may have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the 
Notes and on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the revised 
framework and, as a result, they may affect the liquidity and value of the Notes. 
Basel III has been implemented in the EU by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investments firms (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (CRR I). 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final revised standards for calculating the risk exposure 
amount, also known as Basel IV. The Basel Committee recommends, among others, that constraints on internal 
models and the revised standardised approaches should be implemented beginning in 2022. However, the 
political process that should eventually lead to the implementation of the recommendations in the EU has started 
only recently, and the outcome thus remains uncertain. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the 
Notes and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel III framework (including

--- Page 27 ---
27 
the possible Basel IV changes described above) and the relevant implementing measures. No predictions can be 
made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
The requirements of the NSFR set out criteria for a minimum amount of stable resources to cover illiquid assets 
and contingent liabilities in the medium term (i.e. more than one year). The binding minimum standard for the 
NSFR is part of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR I (CRR II) and adopted together with Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 amending CRD IV (CRD V), Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending BRRD I (as defined below) 
(BRRD II) and Regulation (EU) 2019/877, which entered into force on 28 June 2021. The level at which the 
NSFR is set may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
There is no certainty as to the final framework for, or the timing of, the capital adequacy standards that will be 
ultimately developed and implemented, and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying 
with the new capital adequacy requirements. The new capital adequacy requirements may also impact existing 
business models. In addition there can be no assurances that breaches of legislation or regulations by the Issuer 
will not occur and, to the extent that such a breach does occur, that significant liability or penalties will not be 
incurred. Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, profitability or financial 
position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, implementing BRRD and setting out a bank 
recovery and resolution framework which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions considered to be failing or at risk of failing. The implementation of any action under it 
could materially affect the Issuer and/or the value of any Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD I) is designed to provide authorities with a set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or relevant entity. This is so as to ensure the continuity of 
the relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s 
failure on the economy and financial system. 
The powers set out in BRRD I, as amended by BRRD II (BRRD) impact how credit institutions and investment 
firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. BRRD is implemented in Czech 
law by the Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the Financial Market, as amended (the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act), which provides for a framework for the recovery and resolution of Czech 
banks and investment firms. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to Czech banks 
(such as the Issuer) or their groups and distinguishes between two basic sets of measures. These measures are 
crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis resolution measures (in Czech, 
opatření k řešení krize). Responsibility for operation of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act rests almost 
exclusively with the CNB as the relevant resolution authority whilst the Ministry of Finance of the Czech 
Republic has some joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the government stabilisation 
tools (including the temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a Czech bank). The Czech 
Resolution and Recovery Act enables the CNB to intervene in failing Czech banks, Czech banks which are likely 
to fail, or Czech banks reaching a point of non-viability and also deals with certain other discrete matters. The 
measures and procedures were implemented into Czech law by the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act without 
substantial deviations from BRRD. 
The legislative framework allows for a multiple-point-of-entry (MPE) or a single-point-of-entry (SPE) 
resolution strategy. The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) should reflect the 
resolution strategy which is appropriate to a group in accordance with the resolution plan. Under the SPE 
strategy, only one group entity, usually the parent undertaking, is resolved whereas other group entities, usually 
operating subsidiaries, are not put in resolution, but upstream their losses and recapitalisation needs to the entity 
to be resolved. Under the MPE strategy, more than one group entity may be resolved. 
The Issuer is part of J&T FINANCE GROUP which uses the MPE approach with two resolution groups and 
resolution entities: the Issuer and 365. bank, a.s. Therefore, in the Czech Republic, the Issuer is the point of entry 
for resolution which means that the losses are recognized at the local level and the resolution action takes place 
at the Issuer’s level with no recourse towards J&T FINANCE GROUP SE or any member of J&T FINANCE 
GROUP, other than the Issuer. The indicative MREL targets based on risk weighted assets prescribed by the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
CNB (excluding the combined capital buffer) applicable to the Issuer have been set as follows: 13.3% as at 1 
January 2022, 14.8% as at 1 January 2023 and 16.5% as at 1 January 2024. The Issuer can therefore issue external 
(extragroup) MREL eligible liabilities. Resolution plans and MREL decisions will be adopted in respect of the 
Issuer and updated from time to time. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CNB’s prescription does not 
specifically require the Issuer to cover the MREL requirement by a subordinated instrument but it cannot be 
ruled out that in the future the CNB will specify such requirement to the Issuer. Requirements and obligations 
laid out in the afore-mentioned plans pose potential regulatory risk to the Issuer. 
The exercise of any power under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or any suggestion of such exercise can, 
therefore, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability 
to meet the obligations under the Notes. For a detailed description of the powers available under BRRD, as 
implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, see Adoption of resolution measures or crisis 
prevention measures against the Issuer may materially adversely affect the value of the Notes and the satisfaction 
of the claims from the Notes and Any claims from the Notes may be written down or converted in the event of 
adoption of crisis resolution measures. 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
The regulations applicable to the financial sector on the prevention of money laundering, corruption and the 
financing of terrorism as well as international sanctions have been and are subject to ongoing tightening. The 
risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money laundering or the financing 
of terrorism has increased and continues to increase substantially. Any breach of the rules that aim to prevent the 
illegal exploitation of the financial system or even the suspicion of such infringements could have grave legal 
consequences for the Group and its reputation, which, in turn, can have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Regardless of the risk mitigation measures that the Issuer and other members of the Group are taking, there can 
be no assurance that the measures of the Issuer or any member of the Group to prevent money laundering, 
corruption and the financing of terrorism as well as breach of international sanctions are and have in the past 
been at all times sufficient and there will be no proceedings, investigations or allegations involving any member 
of the Group. 
The Issuer and the Group are committed to continuously applying sufficient enhancement and maintenance 
operations on supporting systems. However, there is a risk that the Issuer’s or the Group’s screening and 
monitoring approach, supporting processes and systems may not fully prevent the execution or facilitation of 
transaction(s) which have exposure to money laundering, sanctions and/or terrorism financing offences. 
The Issuer and the Group monitor transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds, however, there 
is a risk that the Issuer or the Group may not be able to detect all the patterns and occurrences in a customer’s 
behaviour which indicate breaches of anti-money laundering or sanctions laws on the part of the customer. 
The Issuer and the Group have developed a regular reporting routine and has defined additional need-based 
escalation topics to management containing both qualitative and quantitative components. Nevertheless, risks 
may arise where the Issuer has not sufficiently defined the content of reporting principles. The occurrence and 
realisation of the above-mentioned risks could – regardless of whether due to enforcement activities of state 
supervisory authorities or adverse public opinion – have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s and the Group’s human resources 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s performance are largely dependent on the talent and effort of its highly skilled 
individuals. The Issuer’s and the Group’s continued ability to compete effectively in their businesses depends 
on the Issuer’s and the Group’s ability to attract new qualified employees and to retain and motivate their existing 
employees. Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial 
services industry for qualified staff is intense. The need for cost efficiency coupled with high workload could 
also result in a lower rate of wage increases in the coming years, which may pose a challenge to the Issuer’s and 
the Group’s ability to retain or recruit employees. A failure by the Issuer or the Group to attract and retain 
sufficiently qualified, skilled and motivated employees, can have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Risks associated with business development initiatives and digital innovation 
The rise of digital banking is changing customer expectations of the availability of banking services. As digital 
changes make transactions easier and more convenient, the Issuer and the Group expect customers to transact 
more, and in many different ways. The Issuer or the Group may not be able to manage service provision ahead 
of rising customer expectations or may have competitors who are more successful in meeting demand for digital 
banking services, which could affect their ability to attract and retain customers. 
The Issuer and the Group are constantly exploring ways to develop and streamline their operations, meet their 
customers’ demands, stay up-to-date with market developments, make their operations more efficient and 
improve their profitability and financial position. 
For example, in 2023, the Issuer is now undertaking a significant initiative to develop a new electronic client 
interface – the ePortal. This project aims to create intuitive and simple tools for managing the clients’ financial 
assets through online access as well as through support for private bankers and business networks. If the project 
proceeds as planned, clients will be able to start using the new digital channels later this year. The introduction 
of new asset management tools should contribute to the growth of the assets administered by the Issuer and the 
Issuer’s services should be increasingly sought by clients who are still working on building their long-term 
financial assets. 
With any business development initiatives and changes to the operating model, there is a risk that the initiative 
or change may, regardless of the Issuer’s or the Group’s efforts, not bring the desired benefits. Moreover, there 
is a risk that such initiatives and changes may result in inefficiencies, stoppages or delays in the Issuer’s or the 
Group’s operations, negatively affect the Issuer’s or the Group’s customer satisfaction (potentially leading to 
loss of clients), reputation and awareness of the Group’s brand. The occurrence of any such event can have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to 
meet the obligations under the Notes. 
Litigation and disputes 
In the ordinary course of their business, the Issuer and other members of the Group are exposed to a significant 
risk of claims, disputes and legal proceedings. In many cases, the Issuer or other members of the Group will be 
the plaintiff, typically seeking to recover money advanced and they may not always be successful in this 
endeavour and, even where successful, the costs involved in the litigation will reduce the recoveries. In cases 
where the Issuer or any member of the Group is a defendant, in addition to the cost of defending the claim, the 
Issuer or any other member of the Group may be required to pay significant damages and the dispute could also 
negatively affect the Group’s reputation.  
For example, in 2020-2022 the Issuer was one of the defendants in the New York Court, with Kingstown Capital, 
Investhold Ltd. and Verali Limited, among others, as plaintiffs. The plaintiffs sought compensation for damages 
in excess of USD 1 billion (which could have been increased up to three times under US law) for the allegedly 
illegal way of gaining control of the company ORCO by CPI. The plaintiffs alleged that the Issuer assisted CPI 
in its unlawful conduct. On 4 September 2020, the United States District Court, Southern District of New York 
dismissed the action brought by the plaintiffs (including, among others, Kingstown Capital, Investhold Ltd. and 
Verali Limited). The plaintiffs lodged an appeal against this decision on the dismissal of the action in the United 
States Court of Appeal which issued in September 2022 a summary order affirming the judgment of the United 
States District Court, Southern District of New York to dismiss the lawsuit. 
Any such damages or reputational harm, or any associated fines or other penalties, can have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the 
obligations under the Notes. 
Risk associated with information security and risk of cybercrime attacks 
The Issuer and the Group’s operations rely on the correct and secure processing and communication of large 
amounts of information, which is often of a confidential nature. As part of their business operations, the Issuer 
and other members of the Group record personal and banking details that they receive from their customers. 
Significant costs may be incurred if information security risks, such as illegal access to or distortion of 
information (such as accidental alteration or omission of certain information processed and communicated by 
the Issuer or other member of the Group), are realised. Costs may also be incurred by the Issuer or other members

--- Page 30 ---
30 
of the Group in protecting themselves against breaches of data protection rules and in solving problems that have 
been caused as a result of such breaches. 
Regulatory requirements in relation to cybersecurity are increasingly demanding. The Issuer as well as other 
members of the Group (seated within the EU) are also subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR). If any such member of the Group or any of their third-party service providers fail to store or transmit 
customer information in a secure manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data were 
otherwise to occur, such member of the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by 
relevant regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data 
relates, or could face liability under data protection laws. Under GDPR, data protection agencies have the right 
to audit as well as to impose orders and fines, up to EUR 20 million, or up to 4% of the worldwide annual revenue 
for the previous financial year, if they find that the respective member of the Group has not complied with 
applicable laws and adequately protected customer data. Should some or all of these risks materialise, this can 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s 
ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
As is the case with all financial institutions, the Group’s activities have been, and could continue to be, subject 
to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. In addition, digital 
transformation can make the Issuer or any member of the Group a potential target for cybercrime attempts which, 
among others, include physical identity theft, unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer 
information as well as payment and credit card information. While the Issuer and the Group have invested into 
developing and implementing systems and defences to address cyber-attacks threats, there can be no assurance 
that the Issuer or the Group will not continue to be subject to increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks 
and experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to their systems and services in the future. Such 
security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability towards the Issuer’s or the Group’s 
customers and/or third parties and consequently have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s risk management strategies and procedures may prove insufficient or fail 
The Issuer’s or other Group members’ strategies and procedures for managing credit risk, market risk, liquidity 
risk and operational risk may prove insufficient or fail. Some of the Issuer’s or other Group member’s methods 
for managing risk are based upon observations of historical market behaviour. The Issuer and other Group 
members also apply statistical techniques to observations to arrive at quantifications of their risk exposures. 
However, these methods may not accurately quantify the Issuer’s or other Group member’s risk exposures. As 
additional information becomes available, the Issuer or other member of the Group may need to make additional 
provisions if default rates are higher than expected. If circumstances arise whereby the Issuer or other Group 
member did not identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate certain risks in developing their statistical models, losses 
could be greater than the maximum losses envisaged under their risk management system.  
In addition, if any of the instruments and strategies that the Issuer or other Group member use to hedge their 
exposure to various types of risk is not effective, the Issuer or other Group member may incur losses. Unexpected 
market developments may also adversely affect the effectiveness of the Issuer’s or other Group member’s 
hedging strategies, and the Issuer or other Group member may choose not to hedge all of its risk exposures in all 
market environments or against all types of risk. In addition, the methodology by which gains and losses resulting 
from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in the Issuer’s or the Group’s 
reported results of operations. 
Any material deficiency in the Issuer’s or other Group member’s risk management or other internal control 
policies or procedures may expose them to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk and material 
unanticipated losses, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation and the Issuer’s ability to meet the 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to risks in their trading activities 
The Issuer and the Group trade various securities and derivatives, including debt, equity and commodities, both 
as agent and principal, and derive a portion of its non-interest income from profits earned on such trades. The 
consolidated net trading income of the Group for the year 2022 and 2021 is set out in the following table.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Realised/unrealised gains on securities 
(84) 
(293) 
Net income /(loss) on derivative operations 
3,413 
(406) 
Net profit/(loss) from foreign currency translation 
(1,244) 
(264) 
Dividend income 
69 
830 
Total 
2,154 
(133) 
The Issuer and the Group may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such financial 
instruments, including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its investment positions, a 
decline in the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign 
currency exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Issuer and 
the Group choose to hedge certain positions do not track the market value of those positions. If the Issuer or the 
Group incur any losses from these exposures, this would reduce the Group’s income or cause the Issuer or the 
Group to suffer losses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Issuer require it to obtain licences from the CNB and other 
Czech authorities. A large majority of the Issuer’s business depends on its banking licence granted by the CNB, 
which can, at the same time, be revoked by the CNB in case the Issuer becomes insolvent or in case the CNB 
detects serious shortcomings in the activities of the Issuer and such shortcomings persist (for more details see 
section Banking Regulation in the Czech Republic- Remedial Measures and Penalties). If the Issuer loses its 
general banking licence, it will be unable to perform any banking operations, especially in the Czech Republic. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future. The loss of a 
licence, a breach of the terms of any licence or failure to obtain or renew any required licences in the future could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, profitability and financial position and the Issuer’s 
ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors related to the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature with the 
most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes; 
 
Risks related to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes; 
 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes; and 
 
Other risks related to the Notes. 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes 
Risks relating to all Notes 
Adoption of resolution measures or crisis prevention measures against the Issuer may materially adversely affect 
the value of the Notes and the satisfaction of the claims from the Notes 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which transposes the BRRD into Czech law, enables the CNB to 
intervene in respect of Czech banks (including the Issuer) or their groups that are likely to fail or are failing, by 
exercising the power to adopt crisis resolution measures, crisis prevention measures or certain other powers. 
Responsibility for the exercise of the powers under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act sits almost 
exclusively with the CNB, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, is the relevant resolution authority. The 
Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic has some joint powers together with the CNB in relation to the 
government stabilisation tools, including joint deciding on a proposal to provide public financial support to a 
bank or a proposal for a transfer of instruments of participation in the bank to the state. The application of the 
government stabilisation tools is decided on by the Government of the Czech Republic.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
A bank is failing when (a) it meets the conditions for withdrawal of its authorisation, in particular as it has 
suffered a loss that has caused or may cause a material fall in the amount of its capital; (b) its assets are less than 
its liabilities; (c) it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public support (except 
in limited circumstances). A bank is also failing when it can be reasonably expected that at least one of the 
conditions set out in (a) to (c) above will be met. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the CNB to adopt various crisis resolution measures, alone or 
in combination where (i) a bank is failing; (ii) taking into account all circumstances, there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative measure than resolution measure would prevent the failure of such bank; and (iii) a 
resolution action is in the public interest. The crisis resolution measures introduced by the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act include, for example: (i) transfer of activity to a private acquirer, which enables the CNB to decide 
on the transfer of an instrument of participation in the bank or the bank’s assets or debts in the whole or in part 
to a private acquirer; (ii) transfer of activity to a bridge institution for the purpose of preserving fundamental 
operations of the bank, which enables the CNB to decide on the transfer of an instrument of participation in the 
bank or the bank’s assets or debts in whole or in part to a business corporation in which the state holds a stake 
and whose purpose is the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of these instruments, assets or debts to a 
third party; (iii) transfer of activity to an asset management vehicle, which enables the CNB to decide on the 
transfer of the assets or debts of the bank or of the bridge institution in whole or in part to a business corporation 
in which the state holds a stake and whose purpose is the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of these 
instruments, assets or debts to a third party; (iv) adoption of management resolution measures, which enables the 
CNB to commence administration of the bank independently, as a result of which the exercise of powers of the 
management body and the supreme body of the bank will be suspended, and the powers that would otherwise 
pertain to these bodies will be exercised by the CNB or a special administrator; (v) write-down or conversion 
powers, which give the CNB a power to write-down eligible liabilities (such as the Senior MREL Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes), or to convert them to equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital 
instruments of the bank (which may also be subject to future write-down), in part or in full; and (vi) government 
stabilisation tools, which means public capital support and transfer of instruments of participation in the bank to 
the state. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also gives the CNB the power to adopt certain crisis prevention 
measures. They include, for example, the power to write-down (in whole or in part) capital instruments, including 
the bank’s Tier 2 instruments eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer pursuant to Article 63 of the 
CRR (the Tier 2 Capital) (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or eligible intragroup liabilities or convert 
them to equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the bank (which may also be subject to 
future write-down) which are applicable when the bank is not viable. A full write-down or conversion of capital 
instruments and intragroup liabilities eligible for write-down must occur before, or at the latest together with, the 
adoption of certain crisis resolution measures (write-down or conversion of eligible liabilities, transfer of activity 
to private acquirer, transfer of activity to bridge institution, or introduction of asset management vehicle), except 
in case the CNB expects that the creditors will not bear any losses due to the adoption of those crisis resolution 
measures. The point of non-viability is the point at which the CNB determines that the bank either (i) meets the 
conditions for the adoption of crisis resolution measures; (ii) is not viable without a write-down or conversion of 
capital instruments; or (iii) is in a state that requires the providing of public support (with an exception envisaged 
by the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act). The point of non-viability may be determined also on the level of 
the bank’s group. The bank or the group of which the bank is a member is non-viable without a write-down or 
conversion of capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities if it is failing and, taking into account all the 
circumstances, it cannot be reasonably expected that any other measure than a write-down or conversion of 
capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities made separately or together with another measure would 
avert its failure in a reasonable time. For the purposes of assessment according to the previous sentence, the 
bank’s group is failing if its member fails to meet the prudential requirements on a consolidated basis in such a 
way that it warrants an intervention by the CNB, or if, taking into account all the circumstances, it can be 
reasonably expected that this condition will be met in the near future. 
The CNB is not required to provide any advance notice to the Noteholders of its decision to exercise any powers 
under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, and such a decision may become effective upon its publication 
on the website of the CNB. Therefore, the Noteholders may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any 
such powers or the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer or the Notes. The Noteholders 
have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any such powers; the powers may 
principally only be challenged and/or sought to be suspended in administrative or judicial proceedings held in 
the Czech Republic under Czech law.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
The Noteholders should presume for the event of the bank’s failure that public support would be granted to the 
bank only as a solution of last resort, after the CNB has considered and as much as possible adopted other 
measures, including the power to write-down or convert capital instruments and eligible liabilities. Therefore, 
the Noteholders may in no case rely on such support being granted to the bank. 
The CNB’s powers under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act to intervene in Czech banks may also be 
further amended and expanded over time, as so happened for example by way of implementation of BRRD II 
into Czech law with effect mostly from 14 August 2021. 
The exercise of any powers under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in relation to the Issuer or the Notes 
(including, but not limited to, the adoption of crisis resolution measures or the write/down or conversion of 
capital instruments), or any proposal to exercise such powers, or perception that they may be exercised even if 
such perception is not based on facts, may materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, otherwise affect 
the rights of the Noteholders and lead to the Noteholders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Any claims from the Notes may be written down or converted in the event of adoption of crisis resolution 
measures 
The power of the CNB to write-down or convert under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the CNB, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Issuer, to write-down or convert (to equity or other common equity 
Tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer) the Issuer’s debts if it is failing or is likely to fail, so that the losses are 
transmitted to its shareholders and unsecured creditors. Any claims from the Notes, including claims for the 
repayment of the principal and payment of accrued and outstanding interest, may be written down or converted 
(see also Adoption of resolution measures or crisis prevention measures against the Issuer may materially 
adversely affect the value of the Notes and the satisfaction of the claims from the Notes) without the consent of 
the creditors or the Issuer. Also if claims from the Notes are converted to equity or other common equity Tier 1 
capital instruments of the Issuer, these equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer 
may be further decreased, transferred, written down or diluted. 
Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB is required to exercise the write-down or conversion in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (i.e. claims would be written-down 
or converted in inverse order to the order in which the claims would be satisfied in insolvency proceedings). 
Accordingly, the impact of application of such powers on the Notes should depend on their ranking in accordance 
with such hierarchy. The claims should be written-down or converted in accordance with the following sequence2 
(also called “loss absorbing cascade”): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 Capital (including the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes); (iv) eligible intragroup liabilities, (v) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 
Capital; (vi) unsecured claims resulting from non-preferred debt instruments within the meaning of Section 374b 
of the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended 
from time to time (the Czech Insolvency Act) (such as the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes); (vii) unsecured 
and unsubordinated claims that are not resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of Section 374b of 
the Czech Insolvency Act (such as the Senior MREL Notes); and (viii) the rest of the bail-inable liabilities which 
rank senior to other unsubordinated claims (such as most deposits and secured claims). 
The Noteholders whose claims from the Notes have been written down or converted have, if they have registered 
with the CNB in accordance with the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the right to a compensation only if, 
after the adoption of the resolution measure or write-down or conversion, their status has deteriorated compared 
to a hypothetical status they would have in the Issuer’s insolvency proceedings, determined based on an 
independent valuation. If it follows from such valuation that as a result of a write-down or a conversion the 
Noteholders suffered a loss (represented as a difference between the amount the Noteholders received and the 
amount the Noteholders would receive in a hypothetical insolvency proceeding relating to the Issuer), the CNB 
decides that the Noteholders are entitled to a compensation. The compensation represents a safeguard (known as 
“no creditor worse off”) whose goal is to ensure that no creditor obtains a worse status than it would have in the 
event of the Issuer’s insolvency. However, if such a compensation is granted it is possible that it will be made 
with a delay, in particular compared to the original payment dates of the Notes and the related interest. 
Furthermore, even if such a compensation is granted, it is likely that it would not compensate all the losses the 
Noteholders have suffered by the write-down or conversion of their claims from the Notes, because the purpose 
                                                     
2 See also the Standardised method of reporting insolvency rankings published by the CNB. Available at: 
https://www.cnb.cz/en/resolution/general-approach-of-the-czech-national-bank-to-setting-a-minimum-requirement-for-own-funds-and-
eligible-liabilities-mrel/standardised-method-of-reporting-insolvency-rankings/.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
of the compensation is not to compensate the losses of the investors caused in this way in the full extent, but only 
in an extent in which those losses exceed the losses the investor would suffer in hypothetical insolvency 
proceedings with the Issuer (which would, as a general rule, be held under Czech law in accordance with the 
Czech Insolvency Act). 
The Issuer can provide no assurance, however, that under severe or unexpected circumstances the Parliament of 
the Czech Republic or the CNB would not take steps, which may include amendments to the Czech Resolution 
and Recovery Act or rules in relation thereto, that would result in changes to the loss absorbing cascade 
summarized above. For example, as part of the sale of Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) to UBS Group 
AG (UBS) announced in March 2023, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) issued a 
decree ordering the write-down of outstanding Credit Suisse additional Tier 1 (AT1) instruments, comprising an 
aggregate nominal value of approximately CHF 16 billion ($17.3 billion equivalent). The write-down, which 
was implemented pursuant to the AT1 instruments’ contractual terms, was enforced notwithstanding the ability 
of the holders of Credit Suisse ordinary shares to receive compensation in connection with the sale to UBS. 
While the European Banking Authority, the Single Resolution Board and the European Central Bank Banking 
Supervision subsequently published a statement confirming that common equity remains the first to absorb losses 
in case of resolution or insolvency, and only after their full use would additional AT1 instruments be written 
down, there can be no assurance that similar steps will not occur in the future, and the prospect or implementation 
of such changes, whether or not in connection with a resolution proceeding, could have an adverse impact on the 
market value of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (and potentially on other types of Notes). 
It is likely that a decision on the write-down or conversion of claims from the Notes (as one of possible crisis 
resolution measures) will be unforeseeable, and it may depend on a number of factors that may be outside of the 
Issuer’s control. If the power of write-down or conversion is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the 
Notes may be fully or partially written down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of 
other creditors of the Issuer might not be affected. 
The adoption of any write-down or conversion powers or any proposal to exercise such powers in respect of any 
Notes, even if the likelihood of the exercise is low, or perception that the measure may be adopted even if such 
perception is not based on facts, or even adoption of any write-down or conversion powers or any proposal to 
exercise such powers in respect of any comparable notes issued by other credit institutions or other financial 
institutions may materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, and lead to the Noteholders losing some or 
all of their investment in the Notes.  
Noteholders may not be able to enforce their rights under the Notes in the event of the exercise of any resolution 
power 
Adoption of any resolution measure in relation to the Issuer by the CNB, or a circumstance that arises as a direct 
consequence of adoption of the measures, would not constitute an event of default and would not give the 
Noteholders the right of withdrawal, set-off or other termination of rights and liabilities under the Notes, provided 
the contractual obligations from the Notes continue to be performed (including payment obligations). 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also enables the CNB to temporarily suspend the Issuer’s payments or 
other satisfaction of debts (including the debts from the Notes) until the end of the business day following the 
public announcement of a resolution measure. The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also enables the CNB to 
postpone by up to 18 months, even repeatedly, the maturity of capital instruments issued by the bank (which 
include, among others, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the bank’s other liabilities that may be written down 
(which include, among others, the other Notes), including the maturity of interest agreed in connection with such 
instrument or liability. 
Moreover, under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may suspend the obligations of a Czech bank 
stemming out of agreements or contracts for up to two business days, if the CNB (i) finds that the Czech bank is 
failing; (ii) it cannot reasonably be assumed that a private sector measure would avert its failure within a 
reasonable time; (iii) the suspension of the obligation is necessary to prevent a further deterioration of the 
financial situation of the Czech bank; and (iv) suspension of the obligation is necessary to determine whether 
crisis resolution is in the public interest, to select appropriate crisis resolution measures or to ensure their effective 
implementation. 
If any resolution power is exercised, any exercise of the rights associated with the Notes may also be restricted 
by the provisions of the resolution action or the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act. Therefore, it cannot be

--- Page 35 ---
35 
ruled out that the exercise of any resolution power may materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, 
the value of the Notes, and/or the Issuer’s ability to meet the obligations under the Notes. 
There are no events of default applicable in relation to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes, their 
Noteholders do not have the right to accelerate payments or to request early redemption upon a breach of the 
Terms and Conditions, in particular not even upon a default in payments  
The Issuer issues the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes (as defined below) for regulatory purposes, 
in particular to fulfil its obligations relating to the minimal requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer. Accordingly, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital, 
and therefore also into the amount to be complied with for purposes of fulfilling the minimum capital 
requirements applicable to the Issuer. The Senior MREL Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes 
(together, the MREL Notes) are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities instruments included in the amount to 
be complied with for purposes of fulfilling MREL requirements of the Issuer pursuant to the Czech Recovery 
and Resolution Act. 
In relation to these Notes, the CRR and the BRRD (in the wording of applicable regulations as amended by the 
proposal for an EU banking reform (first published by the European Commission on 23 November 2016) of 20 
May 2019 (the EU Banking Reforms)) do not allow the Terms and Conditions to permit the Noteholders to 
accelerate payments under the Notes or to decide on early redemption of the Notes in other cases than in the 
event of the Issuer’s insolvency or liquidation. 
As a result of the regulatory restrictions applicable to these Notes, there are no events of default applicable in 
relation to the Notes and the Noteholders do not have the right to accelerate payments of interest or principal 
under the Notes otherwise than in case of insolvency of the Issuer, and the Noteholders do not have the right to 
or request early redemption of the Notes upon a breach of the Terms and Conditions, in particular not even when 
the Issuer fails to pay duly and in time the interest on, and repay the principal of, the Notes or if the Issuer fails 
to satisfy any other obligations associated with the Notes. 
The rights of holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes to accelerate payments or request 
early redemption are more limited than is usual with notes generally, and the holders of the Notes are thus 
exposed to a higher risk in the enforcement of their claims associated with the Notes. 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and MREL Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Noteholders 
Holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes will have no rights at their option to call for the 
early redemption of their Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and their MREL Notes (no investor put). 
Therefore, potential investors should not invest in the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes in the 
expectation that they have an early redemption right. Furthermore, Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
and the MREL Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes until their final maturity. 
For details and considerations relating to the absence of early redemption rights of Noteholders upon an event of 
default of the Issuer, see also There are no events of default applicable in relation to the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes and the MREL Notes, their Noteholders do not have the right to accelerate payments or to request early 
redemption upon a breach of the Terms and Conditions, in particular not even upon a default in payments above. 
Certain Notes may not be subject to set-off or any guarantee 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and the MREL Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting arrangements that 
would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee 
or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. The Noteholders are not 
entitled to set-off any claim against the Issuer associated with these Notes against any Issuer’s claim.  
Substitution or variation of certain Notes 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Notes and certain 
regulatory or taxation events occur, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of the recognition of statutory 
bail-in and loss absorption powers, the Issuer may (subject to compliance with conditions stipulated by the Terms

--- Page 36 ---
36 
and Conditions) without the need for any consent of the Noteholders substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that the Notes remain or become Qualifying 
Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. 
There can also be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market as equally 
favourable to Noteholders, that such Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which 
the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms, or that the prices of the Notes subject to the 
substitution or variation will not be negatively affected by a notified or planned substitution of variation. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior 
to such substitution or variation. 
Particular risks relating to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes carry an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency or liquidation 
and if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer and shall be 
satisfied as subordinated obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 172(2) of the Czech Insolvency Act. The 
subordination of the Notes means that if the Issuer is declared insolvent or enters liquidation, the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes will be satisfied only after the satisfaction of all the other claims against the Issuer, except 
for claims having the same or lower position in the hierarchy of claims. Therefore, in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency or liquidation, the claims from the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, including the claims for the repayment 
of the principal and payment of interest will be satisfied in particular after the full satisfaction of all 
unsubordinated claims against the Issuer. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to satisfy all the claims that 
are to be satisfied before the claims from Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the claims from the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes will not be satisfied, therefore investors in these Notes will lose the entire amount of their investment. If 
the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to satisfy all the debts that are to be satisfied in the same ranking as 
claims from Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, these claims will be satisfied proportionately and only partially, therefore 
the investors will lose a part of their investment. Although with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes there may be 
associated a right to a higher interest than in relation to other notes that have a higher ranking in the event of 
insolvency or liquidation proceedings, in the event the Issuer is declared insolvent or enters liquidation, the 
holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes face (among others compared to depositors, other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer or holders of the MREL Notes) an enhanced risk that their claims will not be satisfied, and 
therefore, also an enhanced risk of loss of a part or all of their investment. 
In the event of the exercise of a power to write-down or convert under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
the claims against the Issuer would be written down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in which the 
claims in the Issuer’s insolvency proceedings would be satisfied. Moreover, a full write-down or conversion of 
capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 Capital, including the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or eligible 
intragroup liabilities must occur before, or at the latest together with, the adoption of certain resolution measures 
(write-down or conversion of eligible liabilities, transfer of activity to a private acquirer, transfer of activity to a 
bridge institution, or introduction of an asset management vehicle). Therefore the holders of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes face (among others compared to depositors, other unsubordinated creditors or holders of the 
MREL Notes) an enhanced risk that if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, their claims will be written down or 
converted, and consequently that the Noteholders will lose a part or all of their investment. 
Claims from the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be written down or converted also in the event the Issuer is 
determined not viable (and not only if the conditions for application of a resolution measure are fulfilled) 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act stipulates that claims from the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be 
written down or converted as capital instruments also if the CNB determines that the Issuer is not viable. Also if 
claims associated with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are converted to equity or other common equity Tier 1 
capital instruments of the bank, these equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the bank may 
be further decreased, transferred, written down or diluted. 
The point of non-viability is the point at which the CNB determines that the bank either (i) meets the conditions 
for adoption of resolution measures; (ii) it is not viable without a write-down or conversion of capital instruments 
and eligible intragroup liabilities; or (iii) it is in a state that requires the providing of public support (with an

--- Page 37 ---
37 
exception envisaged by the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act). The point of non-viability may be determined 
also on the level of the bank’s group (however this approach does not apply to the Issuer as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus). The bank or the group of which the bank is a member is non-viable without a write-down or 
conversion of capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities that may be written down if it is failing and, 
taking into account all the circumstances, it cannot be reasonably expected that any other measure than a write-
down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities that may be written down made 
separately or together with another measure would avert its failure in a reasonable time. For the purposes of 
assessment according to the previous sentence, the bank’s group is failing if its member fails to meet the 
prudential requirements on a consolidated basis in such a way that it warrants an intervention by the CNB, or if, 
taking into account all the circumstances, it can be reasonably expected that this condition will be met in the near 
future. 
The exercise of the power to write-down or convert capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities that 
may be written down precedes the adoption of certain resolution measures (if any), in particular the exercise of 
the power to write-down or convert eligible liabilities, and its exercise is not always conditioned only by the 
Issuer failing. 
Therefore, the holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, compared to other claims that rank higher in the 
hierarchy of claims against the Issuer (among others all depositors, holders of the MREL Notes and other 
unsubordinated creditors) face a higher risk of loss of a part or whole of their investment due to the exercise of 
the write-down or conversion powers. 
The holders of the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes whose claims from the Notes have been written down or 
converted to absorb losses when the Issuer has been determined to be non-viable have, if they have registered 
with the CNB in accordance with the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the right to a compensation 
determined based on an independent valuation of the Issuer only if, after the adoption of the powers (if any), 
their status has deteriorated compared to a hypothetical status they would have in the Issuer’s insolvency 
proceedings determined based on an independent valuation. If it follows from such valuation that as a result of 
a write-down or a conversion the Noteholders suffered a loss (represented as a difference between the amount 
the Noteholders received and the amount the Noteholders would receive in a hypothetical insolvency proceeding 
relating to the Issuer), the CNB decides that the Noteholders are entitled to compensation. The compensation 
represents a safeguard (known as “no creditor worse off”) whose goal is to ensure that no creditor obtains a 
worse status than it would have in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. However, if such compensation is made 
it is possible that it will be made with a delay, in particular compared to the original payment dates of the Notes 
and the related interest. Even if such a compensation is made, it is also likely that the compensation would not 
compensate all the losses the Noteholders have suffered by the write-down or conversion of their claims 
associated with the Notes as the purpose of the compensation is not to compensate the losses of the investors 
caused in this way in the full extent, but only in the extent in which those losses exceed the losses the investor 
would suffer in hypothetical insolvency proceedings with the Issuer (which would, as a general rule, be held 
under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Insolvency Act). 
Holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt 
instruments or incur further liabilities 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary secured or unsecured liabilities 
that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu with, or senior to, the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring of such liabilities generally increases the risk that the Issuer 
will not be able to pay its debts under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and may reduce the amount (including to 
zero) recoverable by Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes upon the Issuer’s insolvency. 
In the event of exercise of the crisis resolution measure of write-down and conversion of liabilities, all 
lower-ranking claims against the Issuer will have to be written-down or converted before the write-down and 
conversion of the higher-ranking claims. As a result, the issuance of debts ranking higher than the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes may unexpectedly increase the losses of holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes if such 
measures are exercised. In the same way, issuance of pari passu debts to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may 
increase the losses of the holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes proportionally.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Given the subordinated status of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, this risk is significantly higher than in the case 
of other Notes or any other unsubordinated debt issued by the Issuer. 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons 
The Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity 
(also before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time (if such right is foreseen in the applicable 
Final Terms) either for reasons of taxation or for regulatory reasons, if certain conditions are fulfilled. 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are primarily intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. If due to a change in law the 
obligations under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible for inclusion in the 
Tier 2 Capital, and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms and Conditions are met, the Issuer may at any time 
redeem the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes early. 
The Issuer further may, if due to a change in law the applicable tax regime worsens for the Issuer (as specifically 
described in Condition 8.2 of the Terms and Conditions) and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms and 
Conditions are met, also at any time redeem the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes early. 
The classification of the debts associated with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory purposes for the 
entire duration of these debts up to their final maturity is uncertain due to the time-varying applicable banking 
regulations. Similarly, the tax regime applicable to the Issuer related to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes changes. 
Therefore, it is impossible to foresee whether and when these events triggering the early redemption right of the 
Issuer occur, and if they do, whether the Issuer will exercise the right to redeem the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
early (although generally, the Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable 
Notes in the capital market has fallen, and the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call right if the 
yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased). 
If the Issuer redeems the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes early, it may adversely affect the Noteholders with respect 
to their investment strategies and intentions, planning of use of available funds, because after the early 
redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes interest will no longer accrue on the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes or 
because the Noteholder will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds with comparable yield. Furthermore, 
the early redemption right of the Issuer or its exercise may also adversely affect the value of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, in particular if such an event can be expected, the market value of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes would generally not significantly rise above the value for which the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed early. 
Additionally, no holder of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes that is put at a disadvantage by the early redemption of 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have the right to request compensation for any consequences of the exercise 
of such rights by the Issuer on its tax liability, in particular to request damages from the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent, or any other person. The risk of exercise of these rights by the Issuer may affect the 
value of the Notes or the return on investment of the holders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Any rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority 
Potential investors should not invest in the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in the expectation that any early redemption 
right will be exercised by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at any time (if such right is 
foreseen in the applicable Final Terms) either for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons, if certain conditions 
are fulfilled. In addition, if such right is foreseen in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may at its sole discretion 
redeem the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity, but not before five years after the date of their 
issuance, on specified call redemption dates. 
However, any early redemption and any repurchase of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority, all if and as applicable from time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, 
the Competent Authority may only permit institutions to early redeem or repurchase instruments eligible for 
inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the 
CRR are complied with. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to 
regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Competent Authority

--- Page 39 ---
39 
in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the 
Competent Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during the 
maturity of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what terms, 
the Competent Authority will grant its prior permission for any early redemption or repurchase of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Competent Authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will be made at the sole discretion 
of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an early 
redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer disclaims, and 
investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will exercise any early 
redemption right in relation to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority and certain conditions and thresholds 
The Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject 
to certain conditions, such as the prior permission of the Competent Authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer’s possibility for market making for the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes. Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and may 
lead to inadequate or delayed market prices for the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Particular risks relating to the MREL Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes carry an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency and in 
case of write-off or conversion of eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
The Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes constitute non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments which meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act. 
In the event of a decision on the Issuer’s insolvency, claims from the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes may 
be satisfied only after all the other claims against the Issuer, except for claims having the same or lower position 
in the hierarchy of claims against the Issuer. Therefore, in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, the claims from 
the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, including the claims for the repayment of the principal and payment of 
interest, would be satisfied in particular only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated claims against the 
Issuer (except those unsubordinated claims against the issuer that also meet the criteria for debt instruments 
pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act), but before subordinated claims against the issuer (such 
as claims from the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes). If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to satisfy all the claims 
that are to be satisfied before the claims from Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, the claims from the Senior 
Non-Preferred MREL Notes will not be satisfied, therefore investors in these Notes will lose the entire amount 
of their investment. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to satisfy all the debts that are to be satisfied in 
the same ranking as claims from Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, these claims will be satisfied 
proportionately and only partially, therefore the investors will lose part of their investment. Although there may 
be a right to a higher interest associated with the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes than in relation to other 
notes that have a higher ranking in the event of insolvency proceedings, in the event the Issuer is declared 
insolvent, the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes face (among others compared to depositors, 
holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior MREL Notes, and all other unsubordinated creditors that hold 
claims that do not meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act) 
an enhanced risk that their claims will not be satisfied, therefore also an enhanced risk of loss of a part or all of 
their investment. 
In the event of exercise of a power to write-down or convert under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the 
claims against the Issuer would be written down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in which the 
claims in the Issuer’s insolvency proceedings would be satisfied. Therefore the holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred MREL Notes face (among others compared to depositors, holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes and all 
other unsubordinated creditors that hold claims that do not meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to 
Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act, or) an enhanced risk that if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, their 
claims will be written down or converted, and consequently that the holders will lose a part or all of their 
investment.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Noteholders of the MREL Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or 
incur further liabilities 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured (preferred or non-
preferred), subordinated debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, 
ranking pari passu with, or senior to, the MREL Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurrence of such liabilities may reduce the amount (including to 
zero) recoverable by Noteholders of the MREL Notes upon the Issuer’s insolvency. 
In the event any resolution or crisis prevention measures pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act are 
exercised against the Issuer, namely upon a write-off and conversion of liabilities or the write-off and conversion 
of capital instruments that may be written-off, all lower-ranking claims against the Issuer will have to be 
written-off or converted before the write-off and conversion of the higher-ranking claims. As a result, the 
issuance of debts ranking higher than the MREL Notes may unexpectedly increase the losses of holders of the 
MREL Notes if such measures are exercised. In the same way, issuance of pari passu debts to the MREL Notes 
may increase the losses of the holders of the MREL Notes proportionally as well. 
Given the status of the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, the risk is significantly higher than in the case of the 
Senior MREL Notes or other unsubordinated debt that does not constitute non-preferred senior instruments 
according to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act. 
The MREL Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the MREL Notes before their stated maturity, at any time (if 
such right is foreseen in the Final Terms) for reasons of taxation or (if such right is foreseen in the Final Terms) 
for regulatory reasons, if certain conditions, including a prior permission of the resolution authority, are fulfilled. 
The MREL Notes are intended to qualify as eligible for inclusion in MREL. If due to a change in law the 
obligations for the repayment of the principal of the MREL Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible 
for inclusion in MREL, and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms and Conditions are met, the Issuer may at 
any time redeem the MREL Notes early. 
The Issuer further may, if due to a change in law the applicable tax regime worsens for the Issuer (as specifically 
described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms and 
Conditions are met, also at any time redeem the relevant MREL Notes early. 
The classification of the debts associated with the MREL Notes as eligible for inclusion in MREL for the entire 
duration of these debts up to their final maturity is uncertain due to the time-varying applicable banking 
regulations. Similarly, the tax regime applicable to the Issuer related to the Notes changes over time. Therefore, 
it is impossible to foresee whether and when these events triggering the early redemption right of the Issuer 
occur, and if they do, whether the Issuer will exercise the right to redeem the MREL Notes early (although 
generally, the Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the 
capital market has fallen, and the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has increased). 
If the Issuer redeems the relevant MREL Notes early, it may adversely affect the Noteholders with respect to 
their investment strategies and intentions, planning of use of available funds, because after the early redemption 
of the MREL Notes interest will no longer accrue on the MREL Notes or because the Noteholder will not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds with comparable yield. Furthermore, the early redemption right of the 
Issuer or its exercise may also adversely affect the value of the MREL Notes, in particular if such an event can 
be expected, the market value of the MREL Notes would generally not significantly rise above the value for 
which the MREL Notes may be redeemed early. 
Additionally, no holder of the MREL Notes that is put at a disadvantage by the early redemption of the MREL 
Notes will have the right to request compensation for any consequences of the exercise of such rights by the 
Issuer on its tax liability, in particular to request damages from the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
or any other person. The risk of exercise of these rights by the Issuer may affect the value of the MREL Notes 
or the return on investment of the holders of the MREL Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Any rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the MREL Notes are subject to the prior permission of 
the resolution authority 
Potential investors should not invest in the MREL Notes in the expectation that any early redemption right will 
be exercised by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the MREL Notes at any time (if such right is foreseen in the 
applicable Final Terms) either for reasons of taxation or for regulatory reasons, if certain conditions are fulfilled. 
In addition, if such right is foreseen in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the relevant 
MREL Notes before their stated maturity on a specified call redemption date. 
However, any early redemption and any repurchase of the MREL Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
resolution authority, all if and as applicable from time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR and the Czech 
Resolution and Recovery Act, the resolution authority may only permit institutions to early redeem or repurchase 
instruments eligible for inclusion in MREL (such as the MREL Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the 
CRR and the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act are complied with. These conditions, as well as a number of 
other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be 
taken into account by the resolution authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption 
or repurchase. It is uncertain how the resolution authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and 
standards may change during the maturity of the MREL Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict whether, and if 
so, on what terms, the resolution authority will grant its prior permission for any early redemption or repurchase 
of the relevant MREL Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the resolution authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the relevant MREL Notes will be made at the sole discretion of 
the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an early 
redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer disclaims, and 
investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will exercise any early 
redemption right in relation to the relevant MREL Notes. 
The MREL Notes are a recent type of notes that has only a limited and short trading history 
The MREL Notes, end especially the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes are a new type of notes, explicitly 
foreseen by legislation only lately in Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2017. Trading of the MREL Notes has only a limited and short history, which is especially 
minimal in case of issuers from the Czech Republic. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, have 
limited experience in assessing the risks associated with the type of claims, which are associated with the MREL 
Notes. Therefore, the possible rating of these Notes may change with a change of approach of credit rating 
agencies to this type of Notes, and their value may vary significantly according to increasing amounts of 
experience with this type of Notes. It cannot be ruled out that the value of the MREL Notes compared to the 
value expected at their issue will be lower over time for the above reasons, and thus that the holders of these 
Notes will suffer losses on their investments. 
Market making by the Issuer for the MREL Notes is subject to the prior permission of the resolution authority 
and certain conditions and thresholds. 
The MREL Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject to certain 
conditions, such as the prior permission of the resolution authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer’s possibility for market making for the MREL Notes. Such 
restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the MREL Notes and may lead to inadequate or 
delayed market prices for the MREL Notes. 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes 
A Noteholder with a fixed rate of interest (the Fixed Rate Notes) is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
Note fluctuates as a result of changes in the current market interest rate on the capital market for issues of the 
same maturity (the Market Interest Rate). While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in

--- Page 42 ---
42 
the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the Market Interest Rate typically changes on a 
daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite 
direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of 
such Note is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the Market Interest 
Rate. If Noteholders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are 
without relevance to such Noteholders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually 
the principal amount of such Notes. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate. Such 
conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. The spread on the Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
relating to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the interest 
rates payable on other Notes. 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such 
conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. A Noteholder of Floating to 
Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the fixed interest rate may be lower than the then prevailing interest 
rates payable on the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay interest periodically. Instead, the difference between the redemption price and 
the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity. A holder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk 
that the price of such Notes fluctuates as a result of changes in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon 
Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market 
Interest Rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a similar maturity. 
In addition, there is no gross-up obligation of the Issuer on payments in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, as 
stipulated in Condition 9. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate ‘benchmarks’ 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed ‘benchmarks’ (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks) have become the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council’s regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014 (as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation).

--- Page 43 ---
43 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of 
the following circumstances: 
(a) 
a rate which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is registered 
and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator’s legal 
benchmark system is considered equivalent (Article 30 of the Benchmarks Regulation), the 
administrator is recognised (Article 32 of the Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed 
(Article 33 of the Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not 
the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
(b) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, 
including Calculation Agent determination of the rate. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes 
which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available rate of the Benchmark 
being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a 
fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis of another benchmark 
determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the option of the 
Issuer. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Although 
it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the 
administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to 
the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest 
is linked to such Benchmark. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether 
the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if the consent 
to solicitation is not successful the Notes would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected 
by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would 
be. 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR. 
Interest rates of floating rate Notes may be linked, among other things, to SONIA, SOFR and €STR (all together, 
the Alternative Reference Rates). 
SONIA is based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow 
sterling overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling LIBOR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, 
if the Notes become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes

--- Page 44 ---
44 
became due and payable. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Notes. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC) convened by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified SOFR as the rate that 
represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. The Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of SOFR is subject to important limitations and disclaimers. SOFR is 
published based on data received from other sources. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the 
respective Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. SOFR has been published by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or 
trends in SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR. Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, 
the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Notes may be lower 
than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used 
in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to 
indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be 
able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Similar to the approaches in the United States and the United Kingdom, the Governing Council of the European 
Central Bank (the ECB) has decided to develop a euro short-term rate (€STR) based on data already available 
to the eurosystem. €STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, 
complements existing benchmark rates provided by the private sector and is published on each TARGET2 
banking day since 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be implemented 
and, in particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the transition from 
existing reference rates to €STR could result in further uncertainties and limitations. Investors in the Notes should 
consider all these factors when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Since Alternative Reference Rates are a relatively new market index, the Notes may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to such Alternative Reference Rates, such as the spread over the index reflected 
in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than 
those of later issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if these Alternative Reference Rates do not prove 
to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt 
securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that these Alternative Reference Rates will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the 
Notes. If the manner in which the respective Alternative Reference Rate is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
Risk of early redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer will have the right to call a certain series of Notes 
prior to maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand, whether the Issuer does not 
have the right to call such Notes at all or whether such Notes will be subject to early redemption upon the 
occurrence of an event indicated in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption event). 
If the Issuer redeems Notes prior to their maturity or Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early 
redemption event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption its investment 
will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield 
on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected 
not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this 
event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. 
It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of Market Interest 
Rates on a call date.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Noteholders may be subject to the risk that interest/redemption proceeds earned/received from an investment in 
the Notes may not in the event of early redemption of any Notes be able to be reinvested in such a way that they 
earn the same rate of return as the redeemed Notes. 
For further specific risk aspects in connection with an early redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and other 
MREL Notes see also Particular risks relating to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Particular risks relating to 
the MREL Notes above. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, 
and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the Czech Republic 
The Czech tax treatment of the Notes has been significantly affected by the 2021 ITA Amendment and the 2022 
Banking Act Amendment (all capitalised terms used in this risk factor are defined in section Taxation where 
more information on the taxation regime in the Czech Republic can be obtained and in section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). 
Such Czech tax changes may result in a potential Withholding Tax of up to 35% in respect of interest payments 
on the Notes even to the Beneficial Owners who would otherwise be entitled to a Tax Relief unless certain 
administrative and technical steps, including certifications by the holders, are complied with (for more details 
about these steps please refer to the Certification Procedures under Risks associated with the evidencing of 
Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief). Furthermore, where the Notes are issued at a price lower than their 
principal amount (i.e. below par), a failure to comply with these steps could trigger a withholding of Tax Security 
of 1% from any payment of principal on such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions may stipulate that no gross-up on any payment in respect of the Notes will be provided 
by the Issuer, in which case no gross-up obligation will apply in respect of any payments in respect of the Notes. 
Furthermore, even if Condition 9 stipulates that a gross-up obligation of the Issuer applies, the gross-up 
obligation may apply only to payments of interest (and not principal) and there are certain carve outs under 
which, for example, no gross-up applies to payments in respect of the Notes the Beneficial Owner of which is a 
Czech Tax Resident individual. There may be certain other carve outs from the gross-up obligation, mainly to 
payments in respect of Notes the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer. 
These carve outs from the gross up obligation will apply even if the Beneficial Ownership Information has been 
duly provided. 
In addition, no gross-up obligation of the Issuer will ever apply to payments in respect of Zero Coupon Notes. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax implications of their potential purchase, holding, 
or sale of the Notes. Given that the new taxation regime is applicable in the Czech Republic only from 1 January 
2022, it is not yet possible to determine the exact implications that the new regime may have for holders of the 
Notes. Further, the new tax regime of the Notes is currently associated with many ambiguities and may be subject 
to further changes. 
For additional information on the Czech taxation regime, please see section Taxation. 
Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief 
Under Czech tax law, the Issuer is liable for (i) any Withholding Tax (all capitalised terms used in this risk factor 
are defined in the sections Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Taxation) and Tax Security (as the case may 
be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source at the appropriate rate under any applicable law by 
or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest and principal in respect of the Notes as well as (ii) the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
granting of any Tax Relief. The Issuer bears the related burden of proof, which necessitates, before any Tax 
Relief can be granted, collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information. 
Accordingly, for so long as this requirement is stipulated by Czech tax law, unless the Issuer receives, in 
accordance with the Certification Procedures, the Beneficial Ownership Information in relation to a payment of 
principal and interest in respect of a Note (whether this is because the relevant Beneficial Owner fails to provide 
such information or because the Certification Procedures have not been duly followed or for any other reason, 
except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents), the Issuer will withhold 
(i) Withholding Tax of up to 35% from any payment of interest on such Note and (ii) if such Note was issued at 
a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par) 1% Tax Security from any payment of principal on such 
Note unless the Issuer has the necessary information (by virtue of other means) enabling the Issuer not to apply 
the Withholding Tax (or to apply it at a lower rate) or not to apply the Tax Security (as the case may be) and the 
Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding. 
As a result, the Beneficial Owner will be required to provide, in order to be entitled to any Tax Relief, the 
Beneficial Ownership Information. If the Beneficial Owner fails to provide the Beneficial Ownership 
Information or it is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, payments of interest to such Beneficial Owner will be 
subject to Withholding Tax of up to 35% and if the Note was issued at a price lower than its principal amount 
(i.e. below par), the Tax Security of 1% from any payment of principal on such Note will also apply. However, 
if the Beneficial Owner is otherwise entitled to any Tax Relief, it may then make use of the Quick Refund 
Procedure to recover any such tax withheld. 
Should the Beneficial Owner, who would otherwise be entitled to any Tax Relief, fail for any reason to make 
use of the Quick Refund Procedure, the Beneficial Owner may make use – with respect to Withholding Tax only 
– of the Standard Refund Procedure. There is a risk, however, that such Beneficial Owner may not, in spite of 
duly providing the Beneficial Ownership Information obtain a refund of any amounts withheld, as under the 
Standard Refund Procedure, it is conditional on the ability of the Issuer firstly to be successful in obtaining a 
corresponding refund of the amounts originally withheld and paid to the Czech tax authorities. The use of the 
Standard Refund Procedure is also subject to a fee in respect of the Issuer’s administrative costs in following this 
procedure. 
The Certification Procedures have only been subject to limited testing in practice and, as such, there is a risk that 
the procedures may be burdensome on the Beneficial Owners or result in additional costs being incurred by the 
Beneficial Owners. Further, the Issuer accepts no responsibility and will not be liable for any damage or loss 
suffered by any Beneficial Owner who would otherwise be entitled to a Tax Relief, but payments on the Notes 
to that Beneficial Owner are nonetheless paid net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security (as the case may be) 
withheld by the Issuer either because the Certification Procedures have proven ineffective or because the 
Certification Procedures have not been duly followed or for any other reason, except where this is caused by 
actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents. 
Where the Beneficial Owner does not hold Notes directly in an account in the books of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, it may not be able to benefit from the Certification Procedures if the intermediary 
through which it holds the Notes in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg has not implemented the 
Certification Procedures. 
In addition, in accordance with the terms and conditions between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and its participants, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg are not obliged to provide tax assistance and 
may unilaterally decide to discontinue the provision of tax services, for which no liability for any consequences 
of such discontinuation is accepted. Consequently, there is a risk that the Certification Procedures may be 
discontinued at any time. 
See section Taxation for a more comprehensive description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes 
and the formalities which Beneficial Owners must follow in order to claim exemption from Withholding Tax 
and Tax Security (as applicable) as well as the procedures and formalities for claiming a refund of amounts that 
have been withheld, where applicable.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes  
Liquidity risk 
Application for the Programme has been made in order for any Notes to be issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be traded on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may be made to admit the Notes on any other stock exchange. In 
addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed 
or not, there can be no assurance that any liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop and the Notes could 
trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including 
prevailing interest rates, the Issuer’s operating results, the market for similar securities and other factors, 
including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities 
analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the 
market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes regardless 
of the Issuer’s financial performance and prospects. 
The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. 
If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more 
difficult to obtain, which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might 
not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally 
be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Investors should note that difficult global credit market conditions may adversely affect the liquidity not only in 
the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt securities issued by the Issuer and may affect the 
liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued by the Issuer may be traded. The Issuer 
cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of levels of the 
Market Interest Rate, development of an underlying, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, 
inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholder is therefore exposed 
to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if it sells the Notes 
prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity the Notes 
shall be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Noteholders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes fluctuates as a 
result of changes in the Market Interest Rate levels. See “Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of 
Notes—Fixed Rate Notes” for further details. 
Noteholders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Noteholders of Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of the Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and 
are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a similar 
credit risk and a similar maturity. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Other risks related to the Notes 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the Notes could adversely affect the value and trading of 
such Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes are not covered by any (statutory or voluntary) deposit guarantee scheme  
Claims of the Noteholders under the Notes are not covered by the statutory deposit protection (pojištění 
pohledávek z vkladů). Such Noteholders’ claims may only be satisfied in the ranking described in the Terms and 
Conditions. Therefore, in such case and upon the insolvency of the Issuer, Noteholders could be subject to the 
risk of a significant loss of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (in respect of the Group) as at and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the auditor’s report including the information set out at 
the following pages3: 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .......................................... 
74 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................. 
75-76 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ......................................... 
78-81 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .................................................... 
82-83 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ......................................... 
84-181 
Auditor’s Report ....................................................................................... 
64-72 
 
 
available at: https://assets-eu-01.kc-usercontent.com/23883f12-8a12-01af-3f05-
426faedce691/a641800c-4c70-4e00-ae18-4ee47bada5b7/VZ%20JTBanka_2022_ENG_fin.pdf  
(b) 
the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (in respect of the Group) as at and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the auditor’s report including the information set out at 
the following pages4: 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .......................................... 
62 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................. 
63-64 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ......................................... 
66-69 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .................................................... 
70-71 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ......................................... 
72-163 
Auditor’s Report ....................................................................................... 
164-168 
 
 
available at: https://assets-eu-01.kc-usercontent.com/23883f12-8a12-01af-3f05-
426faedce691/62dc7727-b401-4498-ae0e-866f0f9334f1/JTBANKA_Annual_Report_2021_PDF.pdf  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed irrelevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. All documents incorporated by reference will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg. 
 
 
                                                     
3 Please note that not all pages of the document incorporated by reference are paginated and as such the relevant pages refer to the pages of 
the relevant PDF file thereof. 
4 Please note that not all pages of the document incorporated by reference are paginated and as such the relevant pages refer to the pages of 
the relevant PDF file thereof.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes. Any such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in registered form, without interest coupons attached. The Notes will be issued 
outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S). 
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Global Note). 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Notes are to be held under the new 
safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered 
form. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the applicable 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Global 
Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Global Notes will, in the absence of 
provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
7.2 (Payments - Payments in respect of Notes)) as the registered holder of the Global Notes. None of the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes in definitive form will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date 
(as defined in Condition 7.2 (Payments - Payments in respect of Notes)) immediately preceding the due date for 
payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes 
without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is 
available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their 
behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form 
a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code

--- Page 53 ---
53 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then 
from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 19 May 2023 and executed by 
the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon such Terms and 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon each Global 
Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by J&T BANKA, a.s., a joint-stock company 
incorporated under the laws of the Czech Republic, with its registered office at Sokolovská 700/113a, Karlín, 
186 00 Praha 8, Czech Republic, ID No.: 471 15 378, LEI: 31570010000000043842, registered in the 
Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague under file no. B 1731 (the Issuer) pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Note). 
The Notes (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 19 May 2023 and made 
between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and 
agent bank (the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor issuing and 
principal paying agent) and (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) as calculation agent (the 
Calculation Agent), and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank 
of New York Mellon, Dublin Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar) and as a transfer agent (together with the other transfer agents named therein, the Transfer Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to 
as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms endorsed 
on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final 
Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to 
or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the persons in whose name the 
Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders are entitled to and the Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of a deed of 
covenant of the Issuer dated 19 May 2023 (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the Deed of Covenant). The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear 
(as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection upon request during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive 
Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations 
(the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be an Ordinary Senior Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the registered holder of any Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of 
the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. A 
beneficial interest in a Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Global 
Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption), upon the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Note for registration 
of the transfer of the Note (or the relevant part of the Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be 
required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any 
such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Note in definitive form of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Note (or the relevant part of the Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of 
part only of a Note in definitive form, a new Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer 
shall not be required to register the transfer of any Note, or part of a Note, called for partial redemption 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes (the Ordinary 
Senior Notes), Senior MREL Notes (the Senior MREL Notes and together with the Ordinary Senior 
Notes, the Senior Notes), Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes (the Senior Non-Preferred MREL 
Notes) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 57 ---
57 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior MREL Notes, and references to “Notes” in this Condition 3.1 shall be 
construed accordingly. In such case, the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. If the Notes are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior MREL Notes, they are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. In the event of any declaration of insolvency (in Czech, vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) 
of the Issuer, any claims under the Notes (including claims in respect of the principal amount of and 
interest on the Notes) will rank, subject to any statutory exceptions (in particular those arising under the 
Czech Insolvency Act): 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or 
future claims in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the 
Issuer (other than claims in respect of non-preferred senior instruments of the Issuer pursuant 
to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act and other unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which according to their terms are expressed to rank 
junior to the Notes); and 
(b) 
senior to all present or future claims in respect of: (i) non-preferred senior instruments of the 
Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act; (ii) all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer which according to their terms are 
expressed to rank junior to the Notes; (iii) Tier 2 Instruments; (iv) Additional Tier 1 
Instruments; (v) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 172(2) of the Czech Insolvency Act or which according to their terms are expressed to 
rank junior to the Notes; and (vi) CET 1 Instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, claims under the Notes will be satisfied in the ranking described in this 
Condition 3.1 regardless of whether the Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the 
seniority of claims under or in respect of the Notes. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes 
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 3.2 shall be construed 
accordingly. In such case, the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and they constitute and shall be satisfied as non-preferred senior obligations of 
the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b(1) of the Czech Insolvency Act. The Senior Non-Preferred MREL 
Notes are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. In the event of any declaration of insolvency 
(in Czech, vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) of the Issuer, any claims under the Notes (including claims in 
respect of the principal amount of and interest on the Notes) will rank, subject to any statutory 
exceptions (in particular those arising under the Czech Insolvency Act): 
(a) 
junior to all other present or future claims in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which do not constitute non-preferred senior claims 
against the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act; 
(b) 
pari passu without any preference: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or 
future claims in respect of non-preferred senior instruments or obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute non-preferred senior claims against the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech 
Insolvency Act (other than senior instruments or obligations of the Issuer which according to 
their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Notes); and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims in respect of: (i) other unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which according to their terms are expressed to rank 
junior to the Notes; (ii) Tier 2 Instruments; (iii) Additional Tier 1 Instruments; (iv) all other 
subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 172(2) of the Czech

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Insolvency Act or which according to their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Notes; and 
(v) CET 1 Instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, claims under the Notes will be satisfied in the ranking described in this 
Condition 3.2 regardless of whether the Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the 
seniority of claims under or in respect of the Notes. 
3.3 
Status of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 3.3 shall be construed 
accordingly. In such case, the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and they constitute and shall be satisfied as relevant subordinated capital 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 374c of the Czech Insolvency Act. The Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments. In the event of any declaration of 
insolvency (in Czech, vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) of the Issuer or liquidation of the Issuer, any claims 
under the Notes (including claims in respect of the principal amount of and interest on the Notes) will 
rank, subject to any statutory exceptions (in particular those arising under the Czech Insolvency Act): 
(a) 
junior to all present or future (i) claims in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer, including claims in respect of non-preferred senior instruments of 
the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act; and (ii) subordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 172(2) of the Czech Insolvency 
Act (other than relevant capital instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Section 374c of the Czech 
Insolvency Act, including claims in respect of Tier 2 Instruments and Additional Tier 1 
Instruments); 
(b) 
pari passu without any preference: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or 
future claims in respect of Tier 2 Instruments (other than claims in respect of Tier 2 Instruments 
which according to their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes); 
and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims in respect of: (i) all other Tier 2 Instruments which 
according to their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) Additional Tier 1 Instruments; and (iii) CET 1 Instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, claims under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will be satisfied in the ranking 
described in this Condition 3.3 regardless of whether the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and/or Tier 2 Instruments. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the 
seniority of claims under or in respect of the Notes. 
3.4 
Mutual ranking of the Notes in insolvency 
In the event of declaration of insolvency of the Issuer, the claims under the Notes that may be issued 
under this Programme from time to time will be satisfied, according to their status specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the following mutual ranking (in descending order from obligations satisfied 
preferentially): 
(a) 
claims under Senior Notes; 
(b) 
claims under Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes; and 
(c) 
claims under Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
If any statutory resolution measures consisting in a write-down or conversion of the Notes are exercised, 
the claims associated with the relevant Notes will in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations be written-down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in which these claims will 
be satisfied in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
3.5 
MREL Eligible Liabilities 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Senior MREL Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes will be issued by the Issuer to satisfy requirements for 
MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
(b) 
The rights of holders of the Senior MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes shall 
be subject to any present or future Czech laws or regulations relating to the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in the Czech Republic which are or will 
be applicable to such Notes as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations, including, 
without limitation, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Czech Republic, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD into Czech law or the laws of any other relevant 
Member State, including (but not limited to) the write-down and/or conversion powers under 
Section 120 et seq. of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which certain obligations of the Issuer (or 
certain affiliates of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period). In particular, in the event of the resolution of the Issuer, the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may write-down or convert any MREL Notes ahead of Notes which do 
not constitute MREL Notes. 
3.6 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments means any (directly or indirectly issued) capital instruments of the 
Issuer that qualify as Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 of the CRR, including any 
capital (or other) instruments that qualify as Additional Tier 1 items pursuant to transitional provisions 
under the CRR. 
Applicable Banking Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, solvency or resolution then applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the CRD, the CRR, BRRD, the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive, the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, the Czech Insolvency Act and 
those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, solvency 
and/or resolution adopted by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority from 
time to time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force 
of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
CET 1 Instruments means any ordinary shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant 
to Article 28 of the CRR of the Issuer. 
Czech Insolvency Act means Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended from time to time and any references in these Conditions to 
relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law 
amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act means Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and 
Resolution in the Financial Market, as amended from time to time and any references in these 
Conditions to relevant provisions of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended, supplemented or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
replaced from time to time, including as amended by Directive 2019/879/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 and including any other relevant implementing 
regulatory provisions; 
Competent Authority means the Czech National Bank (Česká národní banka) or any successor or 
replacement thereto having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer; 
CRD means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR, and any CRD Implementing 
Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, including, without 
limitation, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR which 
may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts 
(regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, 
and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority or any other relevant authority, which 
are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
or the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer 
(on a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis); 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation that supersedes or replaces it; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as the same may be amended or replaced from 
time to time, and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time; 
Group means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means, at any time, the liabilities of the Issuer that qualify as eligible 
liabilities pursuant to Article 72b of the CRR or Section 128 et seq. of the Czech Recovery and 
Resolution Act, as the case may be, which are included in the amount to be complied with for the 
purposes of fulfilling the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities or loss-absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer or the Group pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act or other 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including any debt instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items 
pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR or the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, as the 
case may be. 
MREL Notes means the Senior MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes which constitute 
the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Czech National Bank (Česká národní banka) or any 
successor to or replacement for the Czech National Bank and/or any other authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers (as defined in Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers)) in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
Tier 2 Instruments means any (directly or indirectly issued) capital instruments of the Issuer that 
qualify as Tier 2 instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or other) instruments 
that qualify as Tier 2 items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 4 is applicable only in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes. So long as any Ordinary Senior 
Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall not create or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any part of 
its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means: (A) any present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed 
money which is in the form of, represented or evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or other security or 
a similar instrument, which is, or is capable of, being quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; or (B) any present or future guarantee or 
indemnity provided by the Issuer in respect of any of the foregoing; and 
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation, security 
interest, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement and any other security agreement or 
arrangement including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction, other than in respect of any covered bonds or similar instruments issued or to be 
issued by the Issuer. 
5. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
In the case of any Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, no Noteholder may, at any time, exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, 
claim or liability of the Issuer or that the Issuer may have or acquire against such holder, directly or 
indirectly and howsoever arising (and including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any kind or any non-contractual obligation 
whether or not relating to such Note) and each holder of any such Note shall be deemed to have waived 
all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual 
and potential rights, claims and liabilities. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder 
receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note by virtue of any such 
set-off or counterclaim, it shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to such 
sum or benefit to the Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer 
and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer (or, as the case may 
be, the liquidator) and, accordingly, any such discharge of the amount due shall be deemed not to have 
taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 5 is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights or claims of any 
holder of a Note against the Issuer for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation or counterclaim arising 
directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes 
or Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global 
Note or (ii) Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Notes, and, in each case, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Notes in 
definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with this Condition 6.2 
(Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates – (ii)) above, the Floating 
Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor thereto) (the TARGET2 
System)) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent was acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(I) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(II) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(III) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, Index 
Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes - Term Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and “Term Rate” are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be “Applicable”, and the Reference Rate is specified as being other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR or 
PRIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or Prague time in the 
case of PRIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Fallback 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 6.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 6.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations upon the Issuer’s request, the Rate of Interest for 
the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation upon the Issuer’s request as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Calculation Agent upon the Issuer’s request, by the Reference Banks or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Prague inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is PRIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates 
upon the Issuer’s request, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Prague inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
PRIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily 
SONIA - Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(iii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) “Screen Rate 
Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as 
the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” to be “Not Applicable”. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) 
and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D 
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365);

--- Page 67 ---
67 
do 
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
i 
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day to, and including, the last London Banking Day, in:  
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni 
for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due;  
p 
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking 
Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 6.2(c), where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A) above, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an 
applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, such SONIA reference 
rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent as:  
(1) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London 
Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate under (1)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either 
(A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference 
rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest 
rate determined under (1) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(A) 
above shall be construed accordingly. 
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), and without prejudice to 
Condition 6.2(c), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on 
which the Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may 
be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or  
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable 
to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily 
SONIA – Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(iv) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) “Screen Rate 
Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as 
the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” to be “Applicable”. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) 
and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with respect to such 
Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen 
rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such page is so specified or if 
such page is unavailable at the relevant time, as otherwise published or displayed by 
such administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (the SONIA Compounded Index) and in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate = (
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period; and  
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 70 ---
70 
for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be “Compounded 
Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above as if “Index 
Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Not 
Applicable”, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed 
to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to 
be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes– Overnight Rate – SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(v) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) “Screen Rate 
Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to be ‘Applicable’; (2) either “Compounded Daily 
SOFR” or “Weighted Average SOFR” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” 
to be ‘Not Applicable’. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be “Compounded Daily 
SOFR”, the provisions of paragraph (A) below of this Condition 6.2(b)(v) apply. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be “Weighted Average 
SOFR”, the provisions of paragraph (B) below of this Condition 6.2(b)(v) apply. 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where this paragraph (A) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars 
secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅i × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] ×
D
𝑑 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
do  
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:  
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from (and including) the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
New York Fed’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
ni  
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) 
the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
p 
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days);  
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; or  
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as the “Observation Shift 
Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
Reference Day means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the Lock-out Period; 
SOFR in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any

--- Page 72 ---
72 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s Website, in each case at 
or around 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such USBDx; 
SOFRi means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”;  
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
that is not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); or  
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Weighted Average SOFR 
Where this paragraph (B) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Interest Determination Date (and rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), where: 
Weighted Average SOFR means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SOFR by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes, the 
SOFR in effect for any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; and

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant SOFR by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant SOFR for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed 
to be the SOFR in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
Defined terms used in this paragraph (B) and not otherwise defined herein have 
the meanings given to them in paragraph (A) above of this Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(C) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 6.2(c), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to this Condition 6.2(b)(v), in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR 
is not available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on 
the New York Fed’s Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(v) but without prejudice to 
Condition 6.2(c), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, mutatis 
mutandis, with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(C). 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SOFR - Index Determination 
This Condition 6.2(b)(vi) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) “Screen Rate 
Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to be ‘Applicable’; (2) “Compounded Daily SOFR” as 
the Reference Rate; and (2) “Index Determination” to be ‘Applicable’. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6.2(c) 
and as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) ×
360
𝑑𝑐 
where: 
dc 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexEnd is determined;  
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five);

--- Page 74 ---
74 
SOFR  means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR);  
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means 
the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); 
SOFR IndexStart, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or 
(B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Accrual Period); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not 
published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for 
which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SOFR” 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(v) above as if “Index Determination” 
were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being ‘Not Applicable’, and for these 
purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” 
and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other 
period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) shall be the date on which such Notes 
become due and payable). 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 6.2(c)(i) applies to Floating Rate Notes other than where the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted 
Average SOFR.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(c)(i)(B)) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(i)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(i)(D)). 
If, notwithstanding the Issuer’s reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, 
the Issuer shall nevertheless be entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to make any and all determinations expressed to be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c)(i), notwithstanding that such 
determinations are not made following consultation with an Independent Adviser. 
If, however, the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c)(i), the provisions of Condition 
6.2(c)(vii) below shall apply. 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with such Independent Adviser (if appointed), 
determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread determined as provided in Condition 
6.2(c)(i)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.2(c)); or  
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread 
determined as provided in Condition 6.2(c)(i)(C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 6.2(c)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the 
Issuer, will determine in good faith the Adjustment Spread to be applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed),

--- Page 76 ---
76 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and/or the Agency Agreement (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation (having regard to prevailing market practice, 
if any) of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then (subject to Condition 6.2(c)(iv) below) 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(c)(iii), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice provided that the Agents shall not be obliged to agree to any 
modification which, in the sole opinion of the Agents (acting reasonably) would have 
the effect of (i) exposing the Agents to any liability against which they have not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to their satisfaction or (ii) increasing 
the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Agents under 
the Agency Agreement and/or these Terms and Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 6.2(c)(i): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), being 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(A) above does not apply), the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines is in customary market usage (or reflects an industry-accepted 
rate, formula or methodology) in the international debt capital market for 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Rate); or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) 
under (A) above and if the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage or which is industry-accepted 
under (B) above, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances and solely for the purposes of this paragraph (C), of reducing 
or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Noteholders; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Adviser, determines in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage, or is an industry-accepted rate, 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period 
and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or 
more of the following:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or to be published or 
administered on a permanent or indefinite basis;  
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or 
will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used, is no longer (or will no longer be) representative 
of its underlying market or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall 
be applicable to the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
that Regulation applies in the European Union and/or as it applies in the 
United Kingdom in the form retained as domestic law in the United 
Kingdom under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, if 
applicable), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on: 
(i) 
in the case of (ii) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of 
the Original Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
in the case of (iii) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of (iv) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or becomes 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as applicable),  
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of 
the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, 
as applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one 
or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or 
a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original 
Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Transition 
This Condition 6.2(c)(ii) applies to Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining the Benchmark Replacement which will replace such Original Reference 
Rate for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent 
application of this Condition 6.2(c)(ii) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement) 
and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Issuer shall have effect for any 
subsequent determination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further 
application of this Condition 6.2(c)(ii) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), 
subject, if any associated Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are required 
in connection therewith, to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions. 
If, notwithstanding the Issuer’s reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, 
the Issuer shall nevertheless be entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 79 ---
79 
reasonable manner, to make any and all determinations expressed to be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c)(ii), notwithstanding that such 
determinations are not made following consultation with an Independent Adviser. 
If, however, the Issuer is unable to determine a Benchmark Replacement in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2(c)(ii), the provisions of Condition 6.2(c)(vii) 
below shall apply. 
(B) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), 
considers it is necessary to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
the Issuer shall, in consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), 
determine the terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and 
(subject to Condition 6.2(c)(iv) below) shall, subject to giving notice in accordance 
with Condition 6.2(c)(iii) below (but without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders), vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from 
the date specified in such notice provided that the Agents shall not be obliged to agree 
to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Agents would have the effect of 
(i) exposing the Agents to any liability against which they have not been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to their satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of Agents in the Agreement and/or 
the Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c)(ii), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(C) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 6.2(c)(ii): 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the Original Reference Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark for 
U.S.dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to any Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period, the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser, if appointed) decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) determines 
is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than (where the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.2(b)(ii)) the Specified Time or (in any other case) 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the relevant reference rate in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of 
such reference rate or, as the case may be, of the other relevant information service 
publishing such reference rate, on, the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to such time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component); or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Original Reference Rate (or such component), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
(or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that 
the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative; 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business 
day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the Original Reference Rate;  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one 
or more Benchmark Transition Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen 
rate (or any benchmark used in any Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it 
(the Replacement Benchmark)) has been replaced by a (or a further) Replacement 
Benchmark and a Benchmark Transition Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Replacement Benchmark, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be deemed to 
include any such Replacement Benchmark); 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
different from the Agent), the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), 
the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), determined under this 
Condition 6.2(c). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), if 
any. 
(iv) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b), will 
continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified, in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(c)(iii), of (as the case may be): 
(1) 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and (in either case) 
the Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(i); or  
(2) 
the Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(ii). 
(v) 
Restriction on Independent Adviser and Issuer liability 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c) shall act in good faith. 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser shall have 
any liability whatsoever to the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser or (in the case of the 
Independent Adviser) for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c). 
(vi) 
MREL Eligible Liabilities/Tier 2 Capital 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2(c), the Issuer shall not be required 
to adopt any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement 
(as applicable), nor to effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected either: 
(1) 
to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and/or Tier 2 Capital, as applicable, for the purposes of any Applicable 
Banking Regulations; or  
(2) 
(if this Note is a Senior Non-Preferred Note only) to result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating the relevant Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In such event, the Issuer shall be entitled to apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c) with 
such further adjustments as it considers necessary to avoid the consequences described under 
(i) and/or (ii) above, provided that the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercial 
reasonable manner, has determined that so doing shall not be materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than failing to apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c) at all. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Event; or

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(ii) 
a Benchmark Transition Event (and its related Benchmark Replacement Date),  
in respect of the Original Reference Rate, on the immediately following Interest Determination 
Date: 
(1) 
(in the case of (i) above) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.2(c)(i) or (as the case may be) a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, but no Adjustment Spread is 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.2(c)(i); or  
(2) 
(in the case of (ii) above) no Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance 
with Condition 6.2(c)(ii),  
then the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the 
purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the 
effect that the fallback provisions provided in Condition 6.2(b) will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until: 
(1) 
(in the case of (i) above) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments; or  
(2) 
(in the case of (ii) above) the Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes,  
have been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided in Condition 6.2(b), 
will continue to apply). 
The Issuer’s intention is that, in circumstances where the Issuer has been unable to determine 
(as applicable) (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the 
Adjustment Spread or (ii) the Benchmark Replacement pursuant this Condition 6.2(c), it will 
elect to re-apply such provisions if and when, in its sole determination, there have been such 
subsequent developments (whether in applicable law, market practice or otherwise) as would 
enable the Issuer successfully to apply such provisions and determine (as applicable) (a) a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and the applicable Benchmark Amendments (if any) or (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement and the applicable Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any). 
(viii) 
Preparation in anticipation of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
If the Issuer anticipates that a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event, as 
applicable, will or may occur, nothing in these Conditions shall prevent the Issuer (in its sole 
discretion) from taking, prior to the occurrence of such Benchmark Event or a Benchmark 
Transition Event, such actions as it considers expedient in order to prepare for applying the 
provisions of this Condition 6.2(c) (including, without limitation, appointing and consulting 
with an Independent Adviser, and seeking to identify any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments, Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, as applicable), provided that no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments, Benchmark Replacement 
and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will take effect until the relevant 
Benchmark Event, or the relevant Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date, as applicable, has occurred.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Notes in 
definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes represented by 
such Global Note or (B) such Notes;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 6.2(g) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies both “Screen Rate 
Determination” and “Term Rate” to be “Applicable”. 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies both “Screen Rate Determination” and “Overnight 
Rate” to be “Applicable”, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the 
first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies both “Screen Rate Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to 
be “Applicable”, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second 
Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.2(h) by the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default or manifest error)

--- Page 87 ---
87 
be binding on the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall attach to the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or 
non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.2 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer 
to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Note appearing in the register of holders of the Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) 
(i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account 
(which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident 
account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the 
case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Payments of interest in respect of each Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer 
on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Note 
appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of business on the date being fifteen 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open 
for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the fifteenth day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date (the Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect 
of each Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of 
such Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.3 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
7.4 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment 
Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
7.5 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9 
(Taxation). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8.9 (Early Redemption Amounts), where specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Taxation)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche 
of the Series of the Notes: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(b) 
in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes (as applicable), the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing its 
taxation liabilities in the Czech Republic in respect of any payment to be made on the Notes 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the 
Issuer would be materially reduced or the applicable tax treatment of the Senior MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (as applicable) materially 
changes, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(a) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which (A) the Issuer would

--- Page 90 ---
90 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due, 
(B) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim such deduction or the amount of such deduction 
would be materially reduced or (C) such tax treatment on the Notes would be affected; or 
(b) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders: 
(A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; (B) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or, as 
the case may be, will not be entitled to claim such deduction or the amount of the deduction would be 
materially reduced or, as the case may be, the applicable tax treatment of the Notes has been or will be 
affected, in each case as a result of such change or amendment; and (C) confirmation that the Competent 
Authority (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in the 
case of the Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes), if required under Applicable 
Banking Regulations, has given its consent to the redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.2. 
Redemption of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be subject to Condition 8.5 
(Restrictions on early redemption or purchase). 
8.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
If, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, where the Capital Disqualification Event has been 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer 
may, at its option and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders of the Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.9 (Early Redemption Amounts), 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 8.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall 
specify: 
(a) 
that a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Competent Authority, provided 
that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given under Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification 
Event) will be subject to Condition 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption or purchase).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Capital Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that as a result of a change in 
the regulatory classification of the relevant Series of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes that becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant Series of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes which 
change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of such Series, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is or in the next 60 days will become 
fully excluded or partially excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital. 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital of the Issuer and/or the Group pursuant to Article 71 CRR. 
8.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, where the MREL 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms only, a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders of the relevant Notes (as applicable) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance 
with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes (as applicable) at the Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.9 (Early Redemption Amounts), together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall redeem the relevant Notes (as applicable). 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition is a notice given by the Issuer to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall 
specify: 
(a) 
that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given under Applicable 
Banking Regulations; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event) will be subject to Condition 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption or purchase). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and, policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss-absorbing capacity instruments of the Czech Republic, and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in the Czech Republic or any other relevant jurisdiction 
giving effect to MREL or any successor principles then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD, the Czech Recovery 
and Resolution Act, and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL 
or any successor principles then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or 
interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
MREL means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for credit institutions 
under Section 127 et seq. of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, Article 45 of the BRRD (as 
transposed in the Czech Republic by the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act), Commission Delegated

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria 
relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
or any successor requirement under the EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and 
regulation in the Czech Republic or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
MREL Disqualification Event means in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes and Senior MREL Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of any 
implementation of, or change (or any pending amendment, change or replacement which the Relevant 
Resolution Authority considers sufficiently certain) in, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations or 
any change in the official application or interpretation thereof by the Resolution Authority becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of the Notes, the whole or any part of the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes of such Series at any time is not included in, ceases or 
(in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority) in the next 60 days will cease to 
count towards, the MREL Eligible Liabilities provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes is not 
included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards MREL Eligible 
Liabilities: (a) due to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or (b) due to 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than one year; or (c) due to any applicable limits on the 
amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any 
MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer being exceeded; or (d) in case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
only, before the fifth anniversary of the issue date of such Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which pursuant 
to Section 128(1)(b) of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act or Article 72a(1)(b) CRR, as the case 
may be, qualify as eligible for the inclusion into the MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
8.5 
Restrictions on early redemption or purchase 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem in accordance with the terms of these Conditions (and give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders) or purchase the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL 
Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if such redemption or purchase is in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations and, if required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, it has been granted the approval of or permission from (in the case of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority, which requires that: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of any Notes, the Issuer 
replaces such Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of the Senior MREL 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, eligible liabilities instruments) of an 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in the case of 
the Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes) that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements (in the case of Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL 
Notes, for own funds and eligible liabilities) under CRD and BRRD by a margin that 
(in the case of Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, or (in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority, considers necessary; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of the Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes only, 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds 
instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid 
down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation; and

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before five years after the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of such Series of Notes if the conditions listed in 
sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above and one of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of 
the last tranche of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason, the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(C) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the relevant 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of an equal 
or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the 
Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Notes are repurchased for market-making purposes. 
(b) 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in 
the case of the Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes) the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to grant its approval or permission as described above will not constitute 
an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
8.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 8.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) will be subject to 
Condition 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption or purchase). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
8.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and (ii) the 
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes

--- Page 94 ---
94 
originally issued has been redeemed (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, 
of the Notes at the Issuer’s option pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) or purchased and subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 8, the Issuer 
may, from (and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date (but subject, in the case of Senior MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, to Condition 8.5 
(Restrictions on early redemption or purchase), having given not more than the maximum period nor 
less than minimum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), to the Noteholders, at any time redeem all (but not some only) 
of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) such date fixed for redemption. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.7, any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Further 
Issues) so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be 
deemed to have been originally issued. 
In these Conditions:  
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage means 75% or such other percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and  
Clean-up Call Effective Date means (i) in the case of Senior MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
MREL Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under the 
requirements for MREL Eligible Liabilities and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations (as applicable) 
from time to time. 
8.8 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.8 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes. 
If, in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Ordinary Senior 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling within the notice 
period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Note in respect of the balance of such Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Notes - Transfers of Notes in definitive 
form). 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.8 shall be irrevocable

--- Page 95 ---
95 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 8.8 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
8.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 8.3 (Early Redemption due to Capital 
Disqualification Event), 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) and Condition 11 
(Events of Default): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the accrual yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
8.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption or purchase), the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Registrar for cancellation. 
8.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed, substituted or purchased and elected by the Issuer to be cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 8.10 (Purchases) will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled cannot be 
reissued or resold. 
8.12 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Redemption at maturity), 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 8.3 (Early 
Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event), 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event), 8.5 (Restrictions on early redemption or purchase), 8.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 8.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or 8.8 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.9(b) as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
9. 
TAXATION 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under the laws of any Tax Jurisdiction from 
any payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes as well as (ii) the 
granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the Issuer will require 
– unless waived by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 9 – for the Beneficial Ownership 
Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the Certification 
Procedures. 
All payments of principal (in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes only) and interest or any other amounts 
payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
In such event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that: 
(a) 
the net amounts, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, and 
(b) 
the net interest only, in the case of Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes 
or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
received by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction are equal to the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note by reason of having 
some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than that under point (v) below; 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payment Day)); 
(iv) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Note 
is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer not having duly 
received a true, accurate and complete Beneficial Ownership Information or any other similar 
claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership Information or other claim for 
exemption is required or imposed under the Certification Procedures, except where this is 
caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(v) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual; or 
(vi) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
In the case of the Beneficial Ownership Information or other similar claim for exemption not being 
delivered to the Issuer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in paragraph (v) above, the 
Issuer will withhold (a) 35% Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Note and (b) if the 
Notes are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par), 1% Tax Security from any 
payment of principal on such Note unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in 
its possession all the necessary information enabling the Issuer not to apply the Withholding Tax (or to 
apply it at a lower rate) or not to apply the Tax Security. 
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this Condition 9 to the benefit of the 
Beneficial Owners by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 9, no additional amounts will be paid in 
respect of Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 9, no additional amounts will be paid where 
such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, 
or introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
See section “Taxation” for a fuller description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes and 
the formalities which Noteholders or Beneficial Owners must follow in order to claim exemption from 
Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as applicable) as well as the procedures and formalities for claiming 
a refund of amounts that have been withheld under this Condition 9, where applicable. 
In these Conditions: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Note if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within the OECD 
Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of income paid on 
such Note or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above meaning; 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under 
the Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a 
recipient of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Note (together with relevant evidence 
thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner with 
respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either 
under the Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any); 
Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech 
Income Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any); 
Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended; 
Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate 
income tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality). 
OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; 
Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in 
circumstances where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights

--- Page 98 ---
98 
in, another person, or (ii) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights 
in, several persons and, in each case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 
25% of the registered capital of, or 25% of the voting rights in, such other person/persons. 
Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
Relief at Source Procedure means a procedure whereby income proceeds are paid taking into account 
exemption and/or applicable reduced rate as foreseen by the applicable tax laws or under any applicable 
Tax Treaty; 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest 
on the Notes become generally subject; 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a 
withholding agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable 
income which serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the 
recipient of the relevant income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not 
generally represent a final tax liability); 
Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another 
country under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In 
the case of Taiwan, the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in 
Relation to Taiwan, as amended; and 
Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) therefor. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 11.1 only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing in 
relation to any Series of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
A default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes on the due date for payment thereof and such default continues for a period of 
seven days in the case of interest and/or principal; or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
The Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under or 
in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes or under the Agency Agreement and (except in any 
case where the default is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as in 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) such default continues for more than 30 days following 
service by a holder of Ordinary Senior Notes on the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer  
(A) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid or repaid when due or (as the case 
may be) within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(B) 
any such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or 
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person 
entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (A) and/or 
sub-paragraph (B) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 15,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc. 
(A) the Issuer becomes (1) over-indebted (in Czech, předlužen), (2) unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due (in Czech, platebně neschopný) or (3) in a situation of a threatening insolvency 
(in Czech, hrozící úpadek), (B) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or 
step is taken in relation to: (1) the suspension of payments or a moratorium in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer; (2) bankruptcy (in Czech, úpadek) or discharge (in Czech, 
oddlužení) of the Issuer; or (3) a reorganisation (in Czech, reorganizace) or a similar 
arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer, unless the petition to commence such proceedings 
or procedure is contested in good faith and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 
calendar days of such commencement; (C) an administrator, receiver, administrative receiver, 
compulsory manager or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such appointment is 
made) in respect of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer or (C) the Issuer takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any 
of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc. 
An order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(f) 
Analogous event 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Czech Republic has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) and (e) above; or 
(g) 
Cessation of business 
the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business or 
substantially changes its business or stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or 
admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable 
to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(h) 
Enforcement of Security 
If the holder of any Security over any asset of the Issuer, being entitled, takes any step to 
enforce that Security which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Notes; or 
(i) 
Withdrawal of banking licence 
If the banking operations of the Issuer are suspended or the Issuer’s banking licence is 
withdrawn pursuant to applicable Czech banking law; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, 
then, subject to Condition 11.3 (Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), any holder of a Note of the relevant Series may, by written 
notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, declare any such Note held by the 
holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to such date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
11.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Auditors means the auditors for the time being of the Issuer or, in the event of their being unable or 
unwilling promptly to carry out any action requested of them pursuant to the provisions of these 
presents, such other firm of chartered accountants as the Issuer may appoint for the purposes of these 
presents; 
Subsidiary means any company or corporation: (A) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
first-mentioned company or corporation; or (B) more than half the issued share capital of which is 
beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or (C) which 
is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or corporation, and, for these 
purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that other company 
or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of directors or 
equivalent body. 
11.3 
Events of Default relating to Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which could lead to an acceleration of the relevant 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
However, in the event of any final declaration of insolvency (in Czech, vydání pravomocného 
rozhodnutí o úpadku) of the Issuer within the meaning of Section 136 of the Czech Insolvency Act, any 
Holder of a Note may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written 
notice addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the specified 
office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (and addressed to the Issuer), that the Notes be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Notes together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest thereon to that date shall become immediately due and payable without further 
action or formality.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
11.4 
Notices relating to Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption amount 
of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect of the Notes, 
the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of 
the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor 
the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority pursuant to Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers), will be an Event of Default. 
12. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Notes 
(other than Ordinary Senior Notes) and (i) a Capital Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL 
Disqualification Event or (iii) a circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
for taxation reasons under Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) 
or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying 
Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the Competent Authority (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in the case of the Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
MREL Notes) if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time, provided that such variation or 
substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the credit ratings solicited by the 
Issuer of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation 
or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case 
of Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to 
grant its approval as described above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new Conditions of the 
Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed to 
accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the Issuer full power and 
authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf 
of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the 
terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not otherwise materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall have delivered 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the Noteholders not less than five 
Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 12, the 
issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 12, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Senior MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes, contain terms 
which comply with the then-current requirements for MREL Eligible Liabilities as embodied

--- Page 102 ---
102 
in the Applicable MREL Regulations, and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, contain 
terms which comply with the then-current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital; 
and 
(b) 
carry the same Rate of Interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution and variation); and 
(c) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes; and 
(d) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution and variation); 
and 
(e) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution and 
variation); and 
(f) 
have a ranking at least equal to the Notes; and 
(g) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption right for 
taxation reasons according to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as applicable; and 
(h) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 12 (Substitution and variation). 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
Should any Note be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Registrar upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Transfer Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.3 (General provisions applicable to payments). 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it 
is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if posted 
to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing 
and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the 
second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Registrar. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes or any 
of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall 
be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5% in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50% 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or amending the Deed of Covenant 
in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of 
not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) 
(in a form satisfactory to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each

--- Page 104 ---
104 
case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution. 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and with not less 
than 30 days’ notice being given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any modification or 
amendments, without the consent of the Noteholders, to Condition 9 (Taxation) or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement in order to reflect:  
(i) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(ii) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority; 
(iii) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(iv) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified 
to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
The Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders (but subject, other than in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes, to compliance with the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulation and/or MREL requirements), substitute for itself as principal debtor 
under the Notes any company (the Substitute) that is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that no 
payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a 
deed poll (the Deed Poll), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as 
Schedule 7, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to 
indemnify each Noteholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed 
on it by, or by any authority in or of, the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or the Deed of Covenant and 
that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the 
obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes and the Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all actions, conditions and 
things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to 
ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and Deed of Covenant represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the 
Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have 
become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had 
been an original party to it and shall assume the obligations of the Issuer under the Deed of Covenant 
relating to the Notes, (v) legal opinions addressed to the holders of Notes shall have been delivered to 
them (care of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading 
securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in limb (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment 
of the preceding conditions of limb (iii) above and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; (vi) the 
Substitute shall have delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Substitute that the Substitute is solvent at the time 
at which the substitution is proposed to be effected, (vii) the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction

--- Page 105 ---
105 
other than England, shall have appointed an agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in 
any proceedings in England, (viii) each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes 
are then admitted to listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, 
the Notes will be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange, (ix) such 
substitution shall not give rise to a right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Early 
Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) or Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event), and (x) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such 
substitution to the holders of Notes, stating that copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably 
be regarded as material to holders of Notes, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 11 (Events of Default) to obligations under the 
Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, the events listed in Condition 
11 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the 
guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts 
to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes are governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law. The Notes, although governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, will be subject to those provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act, the 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act and any other provisions of Czech law applicable to or relevant for 
the Notes as notes having the status set out in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes). 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer 
and any Noteholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office for 
the time being at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for 
service of process, in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees 
that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason 
so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will

--- Page 106 ---
106 
not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
19.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
(a) 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its subscription 
and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may be imposed with or 
without any notice with respect to the Notes and which exercise (without limitation) may 
include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts due in 
respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes (in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept, in lieu of its rights under the 
Notes, any such shares, securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person); 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes;  
(iv) 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(v) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of 
any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
By its subscription and/or purchase of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these 
purposes, each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes): (i) acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may be 
exercised without any prior notice by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its decision to 
exercise such power with respect to such Notes; and (ii) shall be deemed to have authorised, 
directed and requested Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, any accountholder in 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other intermediary through which it holds such 
Notes to take any and all necessary action, if required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers with respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any 
further action or direction on the part of such Noteholder or any Agent. 
(c) 
Upon the Issuer and/or any member of the Group being informed and notified by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver 
a copy of such notice to the Agents for information purposes. Each Noteholder acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees that any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders

--- Page 107 ---
107 
under this paragraph shall not affect (or be deemed to operate to affect) the validity and 
enforceability of the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(d) 
No repayment or payment of the Relevant Amounts will become due and payable or be paid 
after the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to 
be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in the Czech Republic and the 
European Union applicable to the Issuer and/or other members of the Group. 
(e) 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers with 
respect to less than the total Relevant Amounts, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed 
by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion 
made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers will be made 
on a pro-rata basis. 
(f) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in 
respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person or the variation of the terms of the Notes, as a result of the exercise of any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 20, will be an Event of Default, 
and these Conditions shall continue to apply, in case of exercise of any powers to write-down 
or convert the Notes, in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest payable 
to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that 
the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or members 
of the Group incorporated in the relevant Member State or, if appropriate, third country (not 
or no longer being a Member State). 
In these Conditions: 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or resolution-related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act or any laws, regulations, rules 
or requirements in effect in the Czech Republic, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD into Czech 
law or the laws of any other relevant Member State, including (but not limited to) the write-down and/or 
conversion powers under Section 120 et seq. of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
and 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to, be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Sections 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as [“prescribed capital markets 
products”] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]/[  ].]7 
[MIFID II Product Governance/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK 
MiFIR 
Product 
Governance/PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
                                                     
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
6 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
7 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the relevant offer (i.e., if the Notes are not prescribed capital markets products pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.].] 
FINAL TERMS 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 31570010000000043842 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 May 2023[, as supplemented by the 
supplement(s) to it dated []] (the Base Prospectus) issued in relation to the EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme of J&T BANKA, a.s. which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the Issuer’s website www.jtbank.eu, and at the offices of the 
Paying Agents specified in the Base Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, also be obtained from 
the Paying Agents upon provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying 
Agent). 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Notes or the distribution 
of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs, 
save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant footnotes. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Date] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[  ]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date of earlier Tranches] on [[insert date]/the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date, as referred to in paragraph [  ] below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)). 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[  ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]  
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity 
of not less than five years or as otherwise 
permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ]% Fixed Rate]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
[[  ] month [EURIBOR/PRIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/ 
Weighted Average SOFR] 
+/- [  ]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13]]/[14] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [  ]% of their nominal amount 
 
(N.B. In respect of Notes for which a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the redemption amount will be 100 
per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [13]]/[14] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date] to (but 
excluding) 
the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[13]/[14] applies][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer 
Call 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
8.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) 
is 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[See paragraph 16 below] 
 
 
Issuer Call - Capital Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Early Redemption due 
to 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event) 
 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
 
Issuer Call - MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event) 
 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior MREL 
Notes, Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred MREL Notes)  
 
 
Clean-up Call pursuant to Condition 8.7 (Clean-
up Call Option) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Investor 
Put 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
8.8 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(Investor Put)) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 17 below] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes) 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/Senior 
MREL 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes]  
 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 11.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies] / [Condition 11.3 
(Events of Default relating to Senior MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred MREL Notes or Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes) applies] 
 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Status: 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
 
 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 11.3 (Events of Default relating to 
Senior MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
MREL Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[  ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
[  ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short, first or last, coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[  ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
(“Specified Period” and “Specified Interest 
Payment Dates” are alternatives. A “Specified 
Period”, rather than “Specified Interest Payment 
Dates”, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[  ] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[  ] month [EURIBOR]/  
[PRIBOR]/[Compounded Daily 
SONIA]/[Compounded Daily SOFR]/[Weighted 
Average SOFR] 
 
 
Term Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Overnight Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[  ]] 
[[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, 
delete “Relevant Number” and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, 
insert number of days (expected to be five or 
greater) as the Relevant Number, and the 
remaining bullets below will each be “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
 
D 
[360/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] [Not 
Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent)  
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] [TARGET/[   ]] Business Days [in [   ]] prior 
to the [   ] day in each Interest Period/each Interest 
Payment Date][The [first/[   ]] [London Banking 
Day]/[TARGET 
Business 
Day] 
/ 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day] falling 
after the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period][The [first/[   ]] Banking Day falling after 
the last day of the relevant Observation Period 
(where [City] Banking Day means any day on 
which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [City])][   ]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ](In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph (g)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
drawdown prospectus for the issue.) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[  ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
Lockout: [[  ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [  ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[  ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: 
[[  ] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [  ]/[Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[  ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ]% per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ]% per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ]% per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ][Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [  ] and ending on ([and 
including/but excluding]) [  ]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(For Tier 2 Notes, Optional Redemption Date 
shall be at least five years after the Issue Date) 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[  ] 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
17. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or Put 
Period(s): 
[  ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
18. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions/specify]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(b) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date:  
[   ] 
(Only applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
19. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount      
(MREL Disqualification Event): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Capital Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount    
(Capital Disqualification Event): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for tax reasons: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on Event of 
Default: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
(b) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[  ]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
SIGNED on behalf of J&T BANKA, a.s.: 
 
 
 
By: 
By:  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
121 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on the [Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [  ].]/[Not applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [  ] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the [EEA] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation)]  
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/[the EUWA] (the UK CRA Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business./ [  ]./Not 
Applicable.]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for [specify use of proceeds]. 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[  ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable]. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[  ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
[or alternatively sourced from the responsible National

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/Not 
Applicable/other]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[  ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
[or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/Not 
Applicable/other]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”). 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[  ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra- day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(ix) 
Trade Date 
[  ] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[  ]]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[  ]] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not 
applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND REGULATION OF 
EMERGENCY MEASURES IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC 
The Terms and Conditions provide, among other things, that the courts of England and Wales shall have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes. The Issuer appointed 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited as agent for the service of process in England and Wales. As the 
principal assets of the Issuer are located in the Czech Republic, any judgments rendered in disputes connected 
with the Notes will likely be enforced in that jurisdiction. 
The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments of civil courts in the Czech Republic is governed by EU 
law, public international treaties and domestic legislation. 
In relations among EU member states, Regulation (EU) 1215/2012, which recast Regulation (EC) 44/2001 (the 
Brussels I Recast), is the governing law on the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in the Czech 
Republic. Based on this regulation, court rulings issued by any court authority in an EU member state with regard 
to civil and commercial matters are enforceable in the Czech Republic, subject to the rules of the Brussels I 
Recast and, vice versa, court rulings issued by court authorities in the Czech Republic with regard to civil and 
commercial matters are reciprocally enforceable in EU member states. 
Following the departure of the UK from the EU, as from 1 January 2021, the Brussels I Recast no longer applies 
to judgments issued by the courts of England and Wales. Instead, judgments handed down by a court of England 
and Wales in respect to contracts with exclusive jurisdiction clauses should be recognised and enforced in the 
Czech Republic under the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the Hague Convention), 
to which both the United Kingdom and the Czech Republic are parties (in the case of the Czech Republic by 
virtue of being a member state of the EU). However, there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognised 
on exactly the same terms and in the same conditions as under the Brussels I Recast. 
According to the EC Regulation No. 593/2008 of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations, 
parties to a contract may, subject to the terms set out therein, select the law which will govern their contractual 
relations in civil and commercial matters and Czech courts will give effect to such choice of law. Unless parties 
to the dispute agreed otherwise, or unless courts of a different member state have an exclusive jurisdiction, 
foreign entities are able to bring civil proceedings before Czech courts against individuals and legal entities 
domiciled therein. In court proceedings, Czech courts apply their respective national procedural rules and their 
judgments are enforceable in their respective jurisdictions, subject to certain statutory limitations on the ability 
of creditors to enforce judgments against certain assets. 
Any person bringing an action in the Czech Republic may be required to: (i) submit to the court a translation in 
the Czech language (apostilled if applicable pursuant to respective international treaties) of any relevant 
document prepared by a sworn translator authorised by such court; and (ii) pay a court filing fee. 
In the event that court judgments against the Issuer are issued by court bodies of non-EU member states, the 
following rules shall apply: 
In cases where the Czech Republic concluded a treaty with a specific country on the recognition and enforcement 
of court rulings, the enforcement of court rulings issued in such country is ensured in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable international treaty. If no such treaty exists, then the rulings of foreign courts shall 
be recognized and enforced in the Czech Republic in accordance with the Czech Private International Law Act 
and other relevant legislation. In the event of a foreign ruling against a Czech individual or legal entity, such a 
foreign ruling shall be recognized and enforced if, among other things, actual reciprocity has been established 
regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered by Czech courts in the relevant country. 
The Czech Ministry of Justice may, upon a request of a Czech court, provide the court with declaration that 
reciprocity has been established with respect to a particular foreign country. If such declaration of reciprocity 
has not been issued with regard to a particular country, however, this does not automatically mean that reciprocity 
cannot be established in a given case. In such cases, the recognition of reciprocity would be assessed as part of 
the proceedings by the Czech court based on the actual situation in a given country with regard to the recognition 
of judgments of Czech authorities. 
On the other hand, even if reciprocity has been established and declared by the Ministry of Justice with respect 
to judgments issued by judicial bodies of a particular foreign country, such judgments may not be recognized

--- Page 125 ---
125 
and enforced under applicable provisions of Czech law if, for example: (i) the matter falls within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Czech Republic, or in the event that the proceedings on recognition and 
enforcement could not have been conducted by any authority of a foreign state, should the provisions on the 
jurisdiction of Czech courts be applied for considering the jurisdiction of the foreign authority (unless the party 
against whom the decision was issued voluntarily submitted to the authority of the foreign body); (ii) a Czech 
court has issued or recognized a final judgment in the same matter, or proceedings regarding the same matter are 
pending before a Czech court; (iii) the foreign authority deprived the party to the proceedings against whom the 
judgment was made of the opportunity to properly participate in the proceedings (i.e., in particular, if such party 
had not been duly served for the purposes of the initiation of the proceedings); or (iv) the recognition of a foreign 
judgment would be contrary to the public order in the Czech Republic. 
The Government of the Czech Republic (or the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, in specific cases) may, 
under the Czech Constitutional Act. No. 110/1998 Coll., on Security of the Czech Republic, as amended, declare 
a state of emergency. In line with the Czech Act No. 240/2000 Coll., on Crisis Management and on Amendments 
of Certain Acts (Crisis Act), as amended, if the state of emergency is declared, payments in foreign currency or 
abroad generally, interbank transfers of monies from abroad to the Czech Republic and/or sale of securities 
(including the Notes) abroad may be suspended for the duration of such state of emergency. The state of 
emergency may be declared for a maximum period of 30 days. The duration, however, may be prolonged subject 
to prior consent of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general business purposes, which 
include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK million) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
76,982 
68,011 
Due from banks and other financial institutions 
1,173 
5,933 
Positive fair value of derivatives 
6,889 
1,140 
Financial assets for trading 
6,627 
3,998 
Financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
9,046 
8,715 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
6,682 
6,800 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
4,801 
4,759 
of which pledged as collateral (repurchase agreements) 
4,330 
4,346 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 
106,149 
93,154 
Loans and advances to customers at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
14 
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
10 
939 
Goodwill 
131 
37 
Investment property 
829 
830 
Property, plant and equipment 
3,072 
2,351 
Intangible assets 
238 
182 
Current income tax receivable 
3 
174 
Deferred tax asset 
511 
326 
Disposal groups held for sale 
35 
114 
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets 
4,075 
5,774 
Total assets 
227,253 
203,251 
 
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
Deposits and loans from banks 
10,530 
5,272 
Deposits from customers 
164,022 
154,330 
Negative fair value of derivatives 
3,935 
1,699 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
3 
459 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
301 
- 
Subordinated debt 
256 
73 
Provisions 
1,508 
1,404 
Current income tax liability 
1,101 
30 
Deferred tax liability 
61 
82 
Other liabilities 
9,680 
13,679 
Total liabilities 
191,397 
177,028 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
10,638 
10,638 
Retained earnings and other reserves 
16,337 
10,228 
Other equity instruments 
8,868 
3,897 
Equity 
35,843 
24,763 
Non-controlling interest 
13 
1,460 
Total equity 
35,856 
26,223 
Total equity and liabilities 
227,253 
203,251

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK million) 
 
 
 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
11,306 
5,980 
Other interest income 
357 
219 
Interest expense 
(4,625) 
(1,734) 
Net interest income 
7,038 
4,465 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
2,215 
1,953 
Fee and commission expenses 
(324) 
(348) 
Net fee and commission income 
1,891 
1,605 
 
 
 
Net trading income 
2,154 
(133) 
Other operating income 
436 
207 
Operating income 
11,519 
6,144 
 
 
 
Personnel expenses 
(1,723) 
(1,348) 
Other operating expenses 
(1,764) 
(1,387) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(268) 
(188) 
Operating expenses 
(3,755) 
(2,923) 
 
 
 
Profit before allowances, provisions and income tax 
7,764 
3,221 
Net loss from changes of loans and other receivables 
(115) 
- 
Net change in loss allowances for financial instruments 
(3,032) 
(572) 
Profit before tax, excluding profit from equity accounted 
investees 
4,617 
2,649 
Profit/Loss from equity accounted investees, net of tax 
142 
654 
Profit before tax 
4,759 
3,303 
Income tax 
(1,379) 
(499) 
Profit for the period 
3,380 
2,804 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent company 
3,270 
2,277 
Non-controlling interest 
110 
527 
Profit for the period 
3,380 
2,804 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income – items that are or may be 
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
 
 
Revaluation reserve – financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income – debt instruments 
 
 
Remeasurement to fair value 
(745) 
(98) 
Revaluation recycled to profit or loss 
20 
- 
Expected credit losses 
647 
(11) 
Related tax 
47 
21 
Foreign currency translation differences 
353 
(39) 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income – items that will not be 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: 
 
 
Revaluation reserve – financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income – equity instruments 
 
 
Remeasurement to fair value 
(104) 
91 
Related tax 
22 
(19) 
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax 
240 
(55) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
3,620 
2,749 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent company 
3,510 
2,222 
Non-controlling interest 
110 
527 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
3,620 
2,749

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK million) 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 
4,759 
3,303 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
268 
188 
Net loss from changes of loans and other receivables 
115 
- 
Net change in loss allowances for financial instruments 
3,032 
572 
Profit/(loss) from sold intangible assets and property, plant and equipment 
(51) 
56 
Profit/(loss) from equity accounted investees 
(142) 
(654) 
Unrealised foreign exchange gains/(losses), net 
292 
43 
Change in revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
349 
401 
(Increase) / decrease in operating assets: 
 
 
Due from banks and other financial institutions 
4,758 
(3,578) 
Loans and other advances to customers 
(16,190) 
5,244 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
(3,184) 
4,166 
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets 
1,361 
(4,200) 
Disposal groups held for sale 
79 
405 
Increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities: 
 
 
Deposits and loans from banks 
5,233 
2,637 
Deposits from customers 
9,973 
15,710 
Other liabilities 
(3,885) 
4,909 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(456) 
429 
Net increase / (decrease) in fair values of derivatives 
 
 
Fair value of derivative instruments 
(3,513) 
858 
Tax effect 
 
 
Income tax expenses paid 
(315) 
(479) 
Net cash flows from operating activities 
2,483 
30,010 
 
 
 
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
Acquisition of property plant and equipment and intangible assets 
(244) 
(234) 
Acquisition of subsidiaries (excl. cash acquired) 
(1,171) 
(21) 
Disposal of subsidiaries (excl. cash disposed) 
701 
- 
Financial assets at amortized cost – proceeds 
12 
11 
Financial assets at amortized cost – acquisition 
- 
(4,523) 
Financial assets measured at FVOCI – proceeds 
2,599 
3,606 
Financial assets measured at FVOCI – acquisition 
(4,075) 
(3,168) 
Net cash flows used in investing activities 
(2,178) 
(4,329) 
 
 
 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
Proceeds from capital contribution 
2,913 
- 
Issue of other equity instruments 
4,971 
1,300 
Proceeds from bond issue 
300 
- 
Dividends paid 
(43) 
- 
Distribution of income from other equity instruments 
(319) 
(230) 
Repayment of subordinated debt 
- 
(143) 
Proceeds from subordinated debt issue 
185 
- 
Lease liabilities paid 
(47) 
(48) 
Net cash flows from financing activities 
7,960 
879 
Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
8,265 
26,560 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
68,011 
41,519 
Effects of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held 
706 
(68) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
76,982 
68,011 
Cash flows from operating activities include: 
 
 
Interest received 
11,155 
5,652 
Interest paid 
3,768 
1,290 
Interest paid / lease liabilities 
13 
2 
The Group does not hold any cash and cash equivalents that are not available for use by the Group.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
1. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
General Information about the Issuer 
 
Business name: 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
Registration: 
Registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the 
Municipal Court in Prague, File No. B 1731 
ID No.: 
471 15 378 
LEI: 
31570010000000043842 
Incorporation date: 
13 October 1992 
Registered office: 
Sokolovská 700/113a, Karlín, 186 00 Prague 8, Czech 
Republic 
Legal form: 
joint-stock company 
Applicable law: 
law of the Czech Republic 
Telephone number: 
+420 221 710 111 
E-mail: 
info@jtbank.cz 
Website: 
www.jtbank.eu 
The information on the Issuer’s website is not part of this 
Base Prospectus, unless such information is incorporated 
into this Base Prospectus by reference. 
Laws and regulations governing the Issuer: 
These mainly include the following: 
 
 
Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the 
Czech Banking Act); 
 
 
Act 
No. 
256/2004 
Coll., 
on 
Capital 
Market 
Undertakings, as amended (the Czech Capital 
Markets Act); 
 
 
Act No. 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code, as amended; and 
 
 
Act No. 90/2012 Coll., on Companies and Cooperatives 
(Act on Business Corporations), as amended (the Act 
on Business Corporations). 
History and Development of the Issuer and the Group 
The activities of the Issuer commenced on 13 October 1992 under the business name Podnikatelská banka, a.s. 
In 1998, J&T Finance Group, a.s. (a Slovak-based predecessor of J&T FINANCE GROUP SE) acquired 100% 
of the shares in Podnikatelská banka, a.s. and Podnikatelská banka, a.s. became part of J&T FINANCE GROUP. 
Other important milestones in terms of the Group’s activities include: 
2003 
Extension of the banking licence to include the investment firm licence 
2006 
Opening a branch in Bratislava, Slovakia 
2007 
Acquisition of 100% shares in the Russian bank Tretij Rim ZAO, later renamed as J&T Bank, a.o. 
2009 
The Issuer begins to accept retail deposits (subject to a CZK 500,000 minimum) 
2011 
Establishment of J&T IB and Capital Markets, an investment banking subsidiary of the Issuer and 
J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST, an asset management subsidiary of the Issuer 
CZK 1.5 billion share capital increase by J&T FINANCE GROUP SE 
2013 
CZK 5.7 billion share capital increase by J&T FINANCE GROUP SE 
2014 
Acquisition of 58.33% shares in the Croatian bank Vaba d.d. banka Varaždin

--- Page 131 ---
131 
2015 
An agreement is signed with the Chinese conglomerate CEFC Group (CEFC) based on which 
CEFC acquires 9.9% shares in J&T FINANCE GROUP SE by way of a share capital increase. The 
agreement anticipates multiple steps through which CEFC can ultimately increase its ownership 
interest in J&T FINANCE GROUP SE up to 50%.  
2018 
The process of CEFC’s capital entry into J&T FINANCE GROUP SE is stopped. Rainbow 
Wisdom Investment Limited, a company controlled by the Chinese CITIC Group Corporation, 
takes over the CEFC’s 9.9% shares in J&T FINANCE GROUP SE 
2019 
Ownership interest in J&T banka d.d. (formerly Vaba d.d. banka Varaždin) increased to 96.03% 
2020 
The Issuer moves into a new head office at Sokolovská 700/113a, 186 00 Prague 8 
2022 
The Issuer becomes the sole shareholder of J&T banka d.d. 
The Issuer increases its ownership interest in AMISTA investiční společnost, a.s. (AMISTA) to 
80% 
2023 
Moody’s assigns the Issuer Baa2/P-2 long- and short-term bank deposits ratings (stable outlook) 
The Issuer opens a fully digital branch in Germany under the name J&T BANKA, a.s. 
Zweigniederlassung Deutschland (brand name J&T Direktbank), intended primarily for deposit 
collection  
Position of the Issuer within the Group 
In terms of the Issuer’s position in the Group, the Issuer is the controlling person of the other companies within 
the Group. The Issuer’s results represent the substantial majority share in the Group’s results, thus making the 
Group’s results highly dependent on the results achieved by the Issuer. 
The following tables highlight the contribution of the Issuer’s individual results to the consolidated results of the 
Group for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.8 
(in CZK million unless indicated otherwise) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Loans and advances to 
customers 
Consolidated 
106,149 
93,154 
Issuer 
103,644 
88,265 
Issuer as % of consolidated 
98% 
95% 
Deposits from customers 
Consolidated 
164,022 
154,330 
Issuer 
159,575 
149,306 
Issuer as % of consolidated 
97% 
97% 
 
(in CZK million unless indicated otherwise) 
For the year 2022 
For the year 2021 
Net interest income 
Consolidated 
7,038 
4,465 
Issuer 
6,641 
3,960 
Issuer as % of consolidated 
94% 
89% 
Net fee and commission 
income 
Consolidated 
1,891 
1,605 
Issuer 
1,414 
1,214 
Issuer as % of consolidated 
75% 
76% 
Recent Developments Particular to the Issuer which are to a Material Extent Relevant to an Evaluation 
of the Issuer’s Solvency 
The Issuer is not aware of any developments particular to the Issuer or the any other member of the Group which 
are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
                                                     
8 Individual financial information of the Issuer is derived from the Issuer’s individual financial statements for the year 2022 and 2021 
prepared in accordance with IFRS.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Rating of the Issuer or its Debt Securities 
In January 2023, Moody’s assigned Baa2/P-2 long- and short-term bank deposits ratings as well as Baa1/P-2 
long- and short-term Counterparty Risk Ratings (CRR) and Baa1(cr)/P-2(cr) long- and short-term Counterparty 
Risk Assessments to the Issuer. The outlook on the Issuer’s long-term deposit rating is stable. 
Moody’s assigns long-term obligation ratings at the following levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca and C. 
To each generic rating category from Aa to Caa, Moody’s adds the numerical modifiers “1”, “2” and “3”. The 
modifier “1” indicates that the bank is in the higher end of its letter-rating category, the modifier “2” indicates a 
mid-range ranking and the modifier “3” indicates that the bank is in the lower end of its letter-rating category. 
Moody’s also has the option of adding further guidance (referred to as “under review”) as to whether a rating is 
likely to be upgraded (possible upgrade), downgraded (possible downgrade) or uncertain (direction uncertain). 
Outlooks assigned indicate the direction of any pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, stable and 
developing. Moody’s short-term ratings are opinions of the ability of issuers to honour short-term financial 
obligations and range from P-1, P-2, P-3 (Prime) down to NP (Not Prime). 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Overview 
The Issuer is a Czech bank under the relevant provisions of the Czech Banking Act. In accordance with its 
banking licence, the Issuer’s principal activities include, among other things, acceptance of deposits from the 
general public, granting loans and providing other financing (e.g. financial leasing), issuance of guarantees, 
opening letters of credit, trading and investing in securities and other financial instruments (both for its own as 
well as the clients’ account), financial brokerage services, provision of certain investment services under the 
Czech Capital Markets Act, acting as depositary, issuance and administration of payment instruments, payments 
processing and clearing services, rental of safe-deposit boxes and other activities directly associated with the 
activities listed in the Issuer’s banking license. 
The subsidiaries of the Issuer, J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST and AMISTA each operate on the basis of a 
licence obtained from the CNB pursuant to the Czech Act No. 240/2013 Coll., on Investment Companies and 
Investment Funds, as amended. 
Reporting Segments 
The Group’s reporting segments according to IFRS 8 are: 
(a) 
banking (categorised by country); 
(b) 
asset management;  
(c) 
real estate; and 
(d) 
other. 
The following tables set out the breakdown of the operating income of the Group by individual reporting 
segments as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Operating Income by Reporting Segments as at 31 December 2022 (in CZK millions) 
 
 
 
 
Banking 
CR 
Banking 
SR 
Banking 
RU 
Banking 
HR 
Asset 
management 
Real 
estate 
Leasing 
Other 
Total 
Net interest income 
6,658 
(148) 
307 
50 
62 
(13) 
134 
(12) 
7,038 
Inter-segment 
(626) 
768 
(7) 
(4) 
- 
5 
(75) 
(60) 
1 
Net fee and 
commission income 
976 
150 
4 
2 
759 
- 
- 
- 
1,891 
Inter-segment 
287 
- 
- 
12 
(285) 
- 
(8) 
(1) 
5 
Net income/(loss) 
from trading and 
investments 
1,914 
(24) 
213 
5 
1 
99 
1 
(55) 
2,154 
Inter-segment 
(428) 
16 
- 
27 
- 
(6) 
26 
- 
(365) 
Other operating 
income 
(93) 
1 
30 
9 
(6) 
148 
25 
322 
436 
Inter-segment 
(82) 
89 
(27) 
- 
(6) 
27 
- 
7 
8 
Operating income 
9,445 
(21) 
554 
66 
816 
234 
160 
255 
11,519 
 
Operating Income by Reporting Segments as at 31 December 2021 (in CZK millions) 
 
 
 
 
Banking 
CR 
Banking 
SR 
Banking 
RU 
Banking 
HR 
Asset 
management 
Real 
estate 
Leasing 
Other 
Total 
Net interest income 
4,055 
(114) 
287 
84 
89 
(13) 
72 
5 
4,465 
Inter-segment 
(444) 
474 
- 
(6) 
(1) 
(4) 
(19) 
- 
- 
Net fee and 
commission income 
931 
135 
10 
4 
525 
- 
- 
- 
1,605 
Inter-segment 
148 
- 
- 
5 
(151) 
- 
- 
- 
2 
Net income/(loss) 
from trading and 
investments 
(27) 
2 
(17) 
9 
4 
(6) 
- 
(98) 
(133) 
Inter-segment 
(4) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7 
13 
- 
4 
Other operating 
income 
(83) 
1 
27 
19 
(5) 
180 
11 
57 
207 
Inter-segment 
(35) 
44 
(27) 
- 
(8) 
27 
- 
3 
4 
Operating income 
4,876 
24 
307 
116 
613 
161 
83 
(36) 
6,144 
Business Lines and Categories of Services Provided 
The Issuer provides corporate and investment banking, private banking and asset management services primarily 
to affluent Czech and Slovak clientele, connecting client capital with market opportunities by combining suitable 
products and services it can deliver. The Issuer strategically focuses on clients and services requiring a significant 
degree of individual approach. Its principal competitive advantage lies in its ability to provide tailor-made 
solutions with an emphasis on flexibility and speed of execution and in the in-house capability to arrange 
financing across the whole capital structure: senior debt, junior/hybrid capital as well as equity. Its private 
banking clientele considerably enhances its financial firepower and, hence, relevance to its clients. Leveraging 
its long-standing relationships with an affluent entrepreneurial clientele, the Issuer has built a highly recognised 
private and corporate banking franchise and is also a leading player in domestic securities underwriting and 
placement in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.9 
Net interest income from lending activities represents the Issuer’s as well as the Group’s most significant revenue 
stream, followed by net fees and commissions and other (including trading) income. In 2022, the Group’s 
consolidated operating income amounted to CZK 11,519 million (up 87% year-on-year from CZK 6,144 million 
in 2021). This was comprised of CZK 7,038 million net interest income (up 58% year-on-year from CZK 4,465 
million in 2021), CZK 1,891 million net fees and commissions (up 18% year-on-year from CZK 1,605 million 
in 2021) and CZK 2,590 million other operating income (including net income from trading and investments) 
(up 3,400% year-on-year from CZK 74 million in 2021). On a relative basis, net interest income constituted 61% 
(72.7% in 2021), net fees and commissions constituted 16% (26% in 2021) and other operating income (including 
net income from trading and investments) constituted 22.5% (1% in 2021) of the Group’s consolidated operating 
income in 2022. The main categories of services provided to clients within the Issuer’s business lines are 
summarised below. 
                                                     
9 Source: List of Issues published by the Central Securities Depository Prague. Online data published by the PSE. Issuer’s data.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s share of non-performing exposures on a consolidated basis stood at 6.1% 
of its gross loan book (2021: 7.5%). 
Corporate Banking 
Corporate banking services primarily include structured and project financing (bridge, term and, to a smaller 
extent also, mezzanine loans), syndicated lending, margin lending, working capital financing and various related 
treasury products (e.g. hedging) to companies owned by affluent and high profile entrepreneurial clientele. The 
Issuer mainly finances business activities of its private banking clients and their projects across sectors and corporate 
acquisitions and restructurings in markets where it has considerable business experience. 
The following table shows the Group’s exposures to clients by geographic location of project implementation and 
collateral as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Czech Republic 
48,897 
44,002 
Slovakia 
11,453 
6,568 
Germany 
8,999 
6,404 
United Kingdom 
8,784 
3,909 
Croatia 
6,256 
6,694 
USA 
3,503 
3,037 
Spain 
3,451 
2,602 
Cyprus 
2,473 
488 
Slovenia 
1,687 
1,362 
Poland 
1,659 
1,272 
Austria 
1,555 
3,269 
The Netherlands 
1,536 
430 
France 
1,199 
3,602 
Russia 
669 
1,694 
Ukraine 
186 
1,899 
Other 
3,842 
5,922  
Total 
106,149 
93,154 
The following table shows the Group’s exposures to clients by industry sector as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021. 
(in CZK million) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Real estate activities 
21,989 
23,562 
Cultural, sports, entertainment and recreation activities 
11,525 
8,965 
Construction 
11,183 
7,050 
Financial activities 
11,135 
9,523 
Manufacturing 
10,237 
4,537 
Wholesale and retail 
8,498 
11,868 
Transportation and storage 
8,461 
1,396 
Production and distribution of electricity, gas and heat 
7,703 
7,841 
Accommodation and food service activities  
5,181 
5,424 
ICT 
3,566 
4,510 
Other 
6,671 
8,478 
Total 
106,149 
93,154 
Investment Banking 
Investment banking services primarily include arrangement of financing, both debt (bonds, private placements 
and commercial paper programmes) and equity (initial public offerings, secondary offerings), advisory on 
mergers and acquisitions and general corporate finance advisory. These services are provided via the Issuer’s 
wholly owned subsidiary, J&T IB and Capital Markets. The Issuer also provides services related to trading and 
investing in financial markets instruments, economic research, brokerage and custody and fiscal and paying agency 
services.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Private Banking 
Private banking services include deposit products (whereas initial minimum deposit amounts range from CZK 
100,000 to CZK 1 million, depending on whether or not the client already uses certain investment products 
offered by the Issuer or its subsidiaries), wealth management and structuring, family office services, discretionary 
portfolio management, J&T Concierge (arranging business travel, visits to high profile social, cultural or leisure 
events, etc. for, high net worth, clientele) and issuance of Mastercard branded payment cards (Silver, Gold, 
World Elite for individuals and Business and BusinessGold for legal entities). 
Asset Management 
Acting primarily through its subsidiaries J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST and – since 2022 – also AMISTA, 
the Issuer offers asset management services to retail and institutional investors. These include a variety of open- 
and closed-ended funds which allow investing into all types of financial assets (e.g. bonds, stocks, exchange-
traded funds, etc.), physical assets (e.g. precious metals) and alternative assets (e.g. venture capital, private 
equity, art). 
In 2020, J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST launched J&T Arch Investments SICAV, an evergreen fund of 
funds with private equity type of investment exposure allowing clients (qualified investors) to co-invest 
alongside Patrik Tkáč and other J&T FINANCE GROUP business partners. Since May 2021, the shares in J&T 
Arch Investments SICAV have been traded on the Prague Stock Exchange. In 2022, the J&T Arch Investments 
SICAV shares were the fifth most traded security on the Prague Stock Exchange by volume behind ČEZ, 
Komerční banka, Erste Group Bank and Moneta Money Bank.10 As at 31 December 2022, J&T Arch Investments 
SICAV had assets under management of more than CZK 31 billion. 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to CZK 10,638,127,000 and has 
been fully paid. The share capital of the Issuer composes of 700,000 ordinary shares with the nominal value of 
CZK 1.43 each and 10,637,126 ordinary shares with the nominal value CZK 1,000 each which do not have any 
special rights associated with them. Ordinary shares include the entitlement to participate in the Issuer’s 
governance and the entitlement to a share on profit. 
Funding 
The Issuer funds its lending activities predominantly with client deposits as do its banking subsidiaries. The 
Croatian subsidiary of the Issuer, J&T banka d.d., has an EUR 10 million liquidity line with the Issuer which is 
very rarely used (no utilization over the past twelve months). The Russian subsidiary of the Issuer, J&T Bank, 
a.o., is fully self-funded. Securities issuance (i.e. wholesale funding) is minimal and has been driven by capital 
management considerations rather than funding needs. 
Client deposits consist of term deposits, deposits cancellable with notice and savings and current accounts. Only 
term deposits (the remaining term), cancellable deposits (the notice period) and the sticky layer of savings and 
current accounts are used for funding.  
Client deposits are mainly CZK and EUR denominated whereas the loan book is mainly EUR denominated. The 
CZK denominated deposits are, therefore, swapped into EUR using FX or cross-currency swaps to match the 
foreign exchange structure of the loan book. 
The Issuer also uses two German platforms, Savedo and Raisin, from which it raised deposits amounting to CZK 
13.3 billion (approx. EUR 532 million) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: CZK 16.8 billion), which represents 8% 
of consolidated customer deposits (2021: 11%). 
In March 2023, the Issuer opened a branch in Germany which will operate under J&T Direktbank brand. J&T 
Direktbank is a pure digital bank allowing German clients to open term and savings accounts using a simple 
online banking app. Deposits collected through J&T Direktbank should further enhance client diversification 
and gradually replace Savedo and Raisin. The Issuer aims to raise up to 30% of its deposits through J&T 
                                                     
10 Source: Statistics of the PSE on the turnover of shares available at: https://www.pse.cz/en/market-data/statistics/issues-volume-
summary.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Direktbank within the period of the next three to five years, with the main focus being on savings accounts in 
the initial years and gradually also on fixed-term euro-denominated deposits. Simultaneously with the growth of 
the client portfolio, the Issuer will consider the possibilities of also offering its investment products to the German 
market. 
Capital Management of the Issuer  
The Issuer’s strategy is to hold a strong capital base in order to maintain the confidence of creditors and market 
counterparties, while ensuring the future development of the Issuer’s business. 
The capital adequacy ratios are calculated in accordance with the CRR. 
Regulatory capital of the Issuer consists of the following: 
(a) 
Tier 1 capital, which consists of: 
(i) 
CET1, which includes paid-up ordinary share capital, share premium, retained earnings (profit 
for the period is not included), accumulated other comprehensive income, other temporary 
adjustments CET1, net of goodwill, intangible assets and additional value adjustments; and 
(ii) 
AT1, which includes instruments (subordinated income certificates) issued in accordance with 
the CRR; and 
(b) 
Tier 2 capital, which consists of eligible subordinated debt approved by the CNB. 
The capital adequacy ratios are calculated for CET1, Tier 1 capital and total regulatory capital. The value 
represents the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets (the RWAs). CNB also requires every institution to hold 
additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5% and countercyclical buffer on all the levels of regulatory capital. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer complies with all aforementioned requirements. 
The specific countercyclical capital buffer rate is calculated in accordance with Section 63 of the Prudential 
Rules Decree and is calculated as a weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates in effect in the 
jurisdictions to which the Issuer has relevant risk exposures. 
The following table sets out the minimum capital adequacy requirements of the Issuer on an individual basis as 
at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Minimum Capital Requirements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (in %) 
 
Minimum 
Requirement 
Capital 
Conservation 
Buffer 
Countercyclical 
Buffer 
Total 
Requirement 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) 
4.5% 
2.5% 
0.72% 
7.72% 
Tier 1 capital 
6.0% 
2.5% 
0.72% 
9.22% 
Total regulatory capital 2022 
8.0% 
2.5% 
0.72% 
11.22% 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) 
4.5% 
2.5% 
0.36% 
7.36% 
Tier 1 capital 
6.0% 
2.5% 
0.36% 
8.86% 
Total regulatory capital 2021 
8.0% 
2.5% 
0.36% 
10.86% 
The following table sets out the capital adequacy ratios of the Issuer on an individual basis as at 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (in %) 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) 
14.19% 
14.45% 
Tier 1 capital 
20.22% 
17.62% 
Total regulatory capital 
20.36% 
17.65% 
The Issuer has, at the date of this Base Prospectus, issued subordinated unsecured certificates (in Czech, 
podřízené nezajištěné certifikáty) with total nominal amount of CZK 8,868 million (31 December 2021: CZK

--- Page 137 ---
137 
3,897 million), which qualify as AT1 instruments of the Issuer and are accounted for as Tier 1 capital of the 
Issuer. The certificates were issued under Czech law and placed with retail investors on the Czech market. 
The following table sets out the regulatory capital of the Issuer on an individual basis as at 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021. 
Regulatory Capital Composition of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021  
(in CZK millions) 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Total Tier 1 capital 
29,748 
21,693 
Total Tier 2 capital 
208 
42 
Total regulatory capital 
29,956 
21,735 
Resolution Strategy 
The Issuer is part of J&T FINANCE GROUP which uses the MPE approach with two resolution groups and 
resolution entities: the Issuer and 365. bank, a.s. The indicative targets based on risk weighted assets prescribed 
by the CNB (excluding the combined capital buffer) applicable to the Issuer have been set as follows: 13.3% at 
1 January 2022, 14.8% as at 1 January 2023 and 16.5% as at 1 January 2024. The CNB’s prescription does not 
specifically require the Issuer to cover the MREL requirement by a subordinated instrument. 
The following table sets out the required capital structure of the Issuer on an individual basis. 
Total Management Capital Target on an individual basis (in %) 
 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2024 
CRR requirement 
8.0 
8.0 
8.0 
SREP requirement 
3.0 
3.7 
3.7 
Countercyclical Buffer 
0.4 
0.9 
1.3 
Capital Conservation Buffer 
2.5 
2.5 
2.5 
Pillar 2 Guidance 
0.0 
0.5 
0.5 
Total regulatory capital requirement 
13.9 
15.6 
16.0 
Management capital buffer 
0.5 
1.0 
1.0 
Total management capital target 
14.4 
16.6 
17.0 
The following table sets out the MREL requirement of the Issuer expressed as a percentage of the total volume 
of risk exposure (TREA approach): 
TREA approach MREL Requirement (in %) 
 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2024 
MREL requirement 
13.3 
14.8 
16.5 
Countercyclical Buffer 
0.4 
0.9 
1.3 
Capital Conservation Buffer 
2.5 
2.5 
2.5 
Total regulatory capital requirement 
16.2 
18.2 
20.3 
Management capital buffer 
0.5 
1.0 
1.0 
Total management capital target 
16.7 
19.2 
21.3 
The following table sets out the MREL requirement expressed as a percentage of the sum of capital and eligible 
liabilities of the total volume of exposures (TEM approach): 
TEM approach MREL requirement (in %) 
 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2024 
Loss Absorption Amount 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
Recapitalization Amount 
0.7 
1.1 
1.3 
MREL requirement 
3.7 
4.1 
4.3 
The Issuer has, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, issued senior preferred MREL-eligible notes under Czech 
law in the total outstanding nominal amount of CZK 300 million. These were privately placed with investors on 
the Czech market.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Market Position and Competition 
Corporate Banking 
Because the Czech Republic is the Issuer’s most important market and the Issuer does not provide any retail 
loans, the best proxy for the Issuer’s market position is to assess its share of the overall Czech banking sector’s 
corporate lending and its share of the overall Czech banking sector’s retail deposits. As at 31 December 2022, 
the Issuer’s loans and advances to customers on an individual basis amounted to CZK 103.6 billion and customer 
deposits on an individual basis amounted to CZK 159.6 billion. According to the data published by the CNB as 
at the same date for the Czech banking sector as a whole, total loans and advances granted by banks to non-
financial corporates in the Czech Republic amounted to CZK 1,236.4 billion11 and deposits of individuals 
(residents) in all currencies amounted to CZK 3,396.4 billion12. Therefore, based on these calculations, the Issuer 
has an approximately 8.4% market share in corporate lending and 4.7% market share in retail deposits in the 
Czech banking sector. 
Investment Banking and Financial Markets 
The Issuer’s annual trading volume on the Prague Stock Exchange (PSE) in 2022 was CZK 19.3 billion in equities 
and CZK 12.7 billion in bonds13. With the total trading volume of the PSE members in 2022 reaching CZK 332.3 
billion in equities and CZK 13.9 billion in bonds14, the Issuer’s share in 2022 was approximately 6% in equities 
and 92% in bonds, respectively. 
Asset Management 
According to the data published by the Czech Capital Markets Association (AKAT)15, assets under management 
by Czech asset managers across all funds regardless of type, instrument and geography as at 31 December 2022 
amounted to CZK 1,910.4 billion. As at the same date, assets under management by J&T INVESTIČNÍ 
SPOLEČNOST and AMISTA – the two key asset management subsidiaries of the Issuer – amounted to CZK 
63.9 billion and CZK 31.4 billion, respectively. Therefore, the Issuer has an approximately 5% combined market 
share in the overall Czech collective investment undertakings market. 
The Issuer focuses on funds of qualified investors. Assets under management in this sub-segment of the Czech 
collective investment undertakings market as at 31 December 2022 amounted to CZK 257.9 billion, representing 
approximately 14% of total assets under management by Czech asset managers. As at the same date, assets in 
funds of qualified investors managed by J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST and AMISTA amounted to CZK 
54.6 billion and CZK 31.4 billion, respectively, making the Issuer the largest player in this sub-segment of the 
Czech collective investment undertakings market with a 33% combined market share. 
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Group 
The graphic below shows the companies comprising the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
                                                     
11 Source: Database of the CNB. Available at: https://www.cnb.cz/docs/ARADY/HTML/index.htm. (Database of time series – Statistical 
data – Monetary and financial statistics – Banking statistics (commercial banks) – Loans – Client – Non-financial corporations). 
12 Source: Database of the CNB. Available at: https://www.cnb.cz/docs/ARADY/HTML/index.htm. (Database of time series – Statistical 
data – Monetary and financial statistics – Banking statistics (commercial banks) – Deposits – Clients – Households). 
13 Source: Prague Stock Exchange. Statistical Files. Available at: https://www.pse.cz/en/market-data/statistics/statistics-files. 
14 Source: Prague Stock Exchange. Statistical Files. Available at: https://www.pse.cz/en/market-data/statistics/statistics-files. 
15 Source: Information published by the Czech Capital Markets Association (AKAT). Available (in Czech only) at: 
https://www.akatcr.cz/Dokumenty/Aktuality/v253rocn237-tiskov225-zpr225va-akat-investice-do-fondu-v-cesk201-republice-prekrocily-
hranici-jednoho-bilionu-kc-3

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
32% 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
J&T IB and Capital Markets, a.s. 
XT-card a.s. 
J&T banka d.d.  
100% 
J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST, a.s. 
AMISTA investiční společnost, a.s.  
AMISTA consulting, s.r.o. 
ATLANTIK finanční trhy, a.s. 
J&T Leasingová společnost, a.s. 
J&T RFI I., s.r.o 
J&T ORBIT SICAV, a.s. 
J&T VENTURES I 
otevřený podílový fond 
J&T INVESTIČNÁ SPOLOČNOSŤ,  
správ. spol., a.s 
Rustonka Development II s.r.o. 
Rentalit s.r.o. 
100% 
80% 
80% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
94.5% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
5.95% 
J&T SME Finance s.r.o.  
100% 
100% 
FVE Holding, s.r.o. 
FVE Čejkovice s.r.o. 
FVE Napajedla s.r.o. 
FVE Němčice s.r.o. 
FVE Slušovice s.r.o. 
J&T Recycle, s.r. 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
J&T Bank, a.o. 
Interznanie OAO 
99.945% 
TERCES MANAGEMENT LTD. 
99% 
100% 
Leasing-Medicine Ltd 
50% 
50%

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Significant subsidiaries of the Issuer 
As set out above, the Issuer’s results represent the substantial majority share in the Group’s results where the 
Issuer’s individual results comprised 98% of the Group’s consolidated loans and advances to customers as at 31 
December 2022 (95% as at 31 December 2021), 97% of the Group’s consolidated deposits from customers as at 
31 December 2022 (97% as at 31 December 2021), 94% of the Group’s consolidated net interest income for the 
year 2022 (89% for the year 2021) and 75% of the Group’s consolidated net fee and commission income for the 
year 2022 (76% for the year 2021). In addition the Issuer has the following significant subsidiaries within the 
Group. 
J&T Bank, a.o. 
J&T Bank, a.o. is a Russia-based subsidiary of the Issuer that carries out banking activities such as accepting 
deposits from legal entities, opening and operating bank accounts for legal entities, payment and settlement, 
issuing and managing payment instruments, foreign exchange activities (foreign currency purchase) and 
providing bank guarantees. J&T Bank, a.o. became part of the Group in 2011, when the Issuer acquired 99.125% 
share in its share capital and voting rights. 
J&T Bank, a.o. is fully self-funded and, following the Invasion of Ukraine, suspended all new lending and deposit 
taking activities and has since been running-off its loan portfolio and placing excess liquidity with the Russian 
central bank. Discussions about a potential disposal of J&T Bank, a.o. are on-going, although – given the current 
situation (including international sanctions being put in place and the need to obtain consent from the Russian 
central bank) – the outcome is difficult to predict. For more detail on the exposure of the Issuer and the Group 
to Russia and Ukraine please see (Risk Factors – Risks related to the Group’s exposure to Ukraine and Russia). 
J&T banka d.d. 
J&T banka d.d. is a Croatia-based subsidiary of the Issuer whose scope of business is to accept all types of deposits, 
to grant all types of loans, to trade on its own account or on account of its customers, to conduct payment 
transactions within the country and to issue bank guarantees. 
J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST 
The scope of business of the Czech Republic-based subsidiary of the Issuer, J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST, 
is the management and administration of investment funds. 
J&T IB and Capital Markets 
J&T IB and Capital Markets is a Czech Republic-based subsidiary of the Issuer that provides investment banking 
services. Specifically, it focuses on structuring and arrangement of debt financing (e.g., bonds, syndicated loans, 
private placements and commercial paper programmes) and equity financing (e.g., initial and secondary public 
offerings and private placements) and corporate finance advice (e.g., mergers and acquisitions advisory, strategic 
advisory, etc.). 
AMISTA 
AMISTA is a Czech Republic-based subsidiary of the Issuer and is a leading investment company and one of 
the largest Czech managers and administrators of funds for qualified investors in terms of assets under 
management, according to the information published by the Czech Capital Market Association.16 
Sole Shareholder 
The sole shareholder and ultimate parent company of the Issuer, and consequently the Group, is J&T FINANCE 
GROUP SE. J&T FINANCE GROUP SE and, consequently, J&T FINANCE GROUP (as defined below), is 
owned by Jozef Tkáč (45.05%), Ivan Jakabovič (45.05%) and Rainbow Wisdom Investments, which is controlled 
by CITIC Group Corporation from China and holds a 9.9% non-controlling ownership interest. 
                                                     
16 Source: Data published by the Czech Capital Market Association. Available at: https://www.akatcr.cz/en-gb/.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
During the second quarter of 2023, it is envisaged that Štěpán Ašer and Igor Kováč might become minority 
shareholders in J&T FINANCE GROUP SE, each acquiring a 4.95% ownership interest from Ivan Jakabovič, 
respectively. Following these changes in the ownership structure of J&T FINANCE GROUP SE, both Štěpán 
Ašer and Igor Kováč would likely leave their existing positions in the Issuer’s Board of Directors within the next 
6 – 18 months in order to fully focus on their responsibilities as Members of the Board of Directors of J&T 
FINANCE GROUP SE. These changes have been planned in advance in order to ensure an orderly transition. 
The candidates that would replace Štěpán Ašer and Igor Kováč are subject to a regulatory review process. As 
such, they will be announced once this regulatory review process is completed. 
The Issuer is controlled solely on the basis of ownership of 100% of the share capital. The Issuer is not aware that 
control of the Issuer would be based on any form of control other than an ownership interest in the Issuer’s share 
capital. 
The Issuer has an internal management and control system in place to ensure the autonomy and integrity of the 
Issuer’s decision-making processes. The organisation of the internal management and control system is described 
in Article 16 of the current Articles of Association. 
The Issuer’s internal control system is a unified, internally structured and rationally arranged system of activities 
and organisational, technical and technological measures, and is part of the Issuer’s organisational structure and 
management system. 
The main objective of the control system is to identify deviations between the actual and the desired state, and, 
after their analysis, to make recommendations to eliminate the identified deficiencies. 
The Issuer’s internal control system is a process carried out by all management links of the Issuer’s organisational 
structure. The internal control system consists of: 
(a) 
the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Board; 
(b) 
senior employees at all levels of management; 
(c) 
Internal Audit and Control Department; 
(d) 
Compliance and AML Department (AML - anti money laundering, i.e. measures against legalisation of 
proceeds of criminal activities); and 
(e) 
Audit Committee (AC). 
The functionality of this internal management and control system is subject to supervision and evaluation by the 
CNB and is audited annually by the internal audit function of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any mechanisms or arrangements that could lead to a change in the control over the 
Issuer. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had on average 940 full-time equivalent employees (875 as at 31 December 
2021), of which 644 were employed by the Issuer (581 as at 31 December 2021) and 296 were employed by 
other members of the Group (294 as at 31 December 2021). 
Description of the J&T FINANCE GROUP 
The Issuer is part of J&T FINANCE GROUP (J&T FINANCE GROUP), whose parent company and the 
Issuer’s sole shareholder is J&T FINANCE GROUP SE. 
J&T FINANCE GROUP is an international financial services group active in banking and asset management in 
the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Croatia, Russia and Germany (listed by volume of assets). J&T FINANCE 
GROUP’s two key banking entities are the Issuer, a Czech bank providing private banking, corporate & 
investment banking and asset management services to affluent clientele, and 365.bank, a.s. (formerly known as 
Poštová banka), a mass-market retail-focused Slovak digital bank. Asset management services are principally

--- Page 142 ---
142 
offered via J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST and AMISTA in the Czech Republic and 365.invest, správ. spol., 
a.s. in Slovakia. J&T FINANCE GROUP’s service offering is complemented by J&T Mezzanine, a.s., an 
approximately EUR 400 million investment vehicle providing hybrid and subordinated capital. J&T FINANCE 
GROUP and its key banking entities are subject to supervision and prudential regulation under the CRR and the 
BRRD both individually as well as on a consolidated basis. 
The graphic below shows the key segments and operating entities comprising J&T FINANCE GROUP as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
365.invest, a.s. 
J&T FINANCE GROUP SE 
PRIVATE &  
INVESTMENT BANKING 
CORPORATE  
BANKING 
ASSET  
MANGEMENT 
RETAIL  
BANKING 
J&T Investiční  
společnost, a.s.  
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
365.bank, a.s.  
(formerly Poštová banka) 
J&T Mezzanine, a.s. 
J&T banka d.d.  
J&T Bank, a.o. 
AMISTA investiční  
společnost, a.s. 
J&T INVESTIČNÁ SPOLOČNOSŤ, 
s.s., a.s. 
100% 
98% 
100% 
100% 
99.945%
80% 
100% 
100% 
100%

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Position of the Issuer within J&T FINANCE GROUP 
In terms of the Issuer’s position within J&T FINANCE GROUP, the Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of J&T 
FINANCE GROUP SE. 
The following table shows the contribution of the Group to the consolidated financial results of J&T FINANCE 
GROUP as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.17 
(in EUR millions) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Loans and 
advances to 
customers 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
4,279 
3,665 
365.bank, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
2,956 
3,089 
J&T FINANCE GROUP (other) 
418 
699 
Total 
7,652 
7,454 
 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and subsidiaries as % of Total 
56% 
49% 
Deposits 
from 
customers 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
6,775 
5,952 
365.bank, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
3,483 
3,661 
J&T FINANCE GROUP (other) 
4 
7 
Total 
10,263 
9,620 
 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and subsidiaries as % of Total 
66% 
62% 
Net interest 
income 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
278 
172 
365.bank, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
132 
145 
J&T FINANCE GROUP (other) 
28 
25 
Total 
438 
342 
 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and subsidiaries as % of Total 
63% 
50% 
Net fee 
income 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
70 
60 
365.bank, a.s. and its subsidiaries 
71 
65 
J&T FINANCE GROUP (other) 
(1) 
3 
Total 
141 
128 
 
J&T BANKA, a.s. and subsidiaries as % of Total 
50% 
47% 
Note: The figures for the Group do not fully reconcile to the consolidated data of the Group because of the 
effect of full consolidation at J&T FINANCE GROUP level which eliminates all intercompany transactions 
within J&T FINANCE GROUP and different functional currencies used. 
Dependence upon other entities within J&T FINANCE GROUP 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not dependent on any entity of J&T FINANCE GROUP. The 
Issuer enters into relationships with entities within J&T FINANCE GROUP solely on an arms’ length basis. The 
principal intra-group relationships include credit exposure to entities within J&T FINANCE GROUP, deposits 
received from entities within J&T FINANCE GROUP, and loan commitments and guarantees issued to related 
parties. 
As at 31 December 2022, the total amount of the Group’s receivables from related parties was CZK 3,545 million, 
and the total amount of the Group’s liabilities to related parties was CZK 2,586 billion. As at 31 December 2022, 
total revenues of the Group from related party transactions amounted to CZK 4,996 million and total costs 
amounted to CZK 5,280 million. 
4. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Since the publication date of the last audited financial statements, there has been no material negative change in 
the prospects of the Issuer or the Group. Moreover, the Issuer declares that there has been no significant change 
in the financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since the end of the last financial period for which the 
financial data was published until the date of preparation of this Base Prospectus. 
5. 
FINANCIAL RESULTS OF THE GROUP 
In 2022, the Group’s consolidated profit after tax reached CZK 3.38 billion compared to CZK 2.80 billion in 
2021 and balance sheet grew by 12% year-on-year, reaching CZK 227.25 billion at the end of 2022, up from 
                                                     
17 Source: Annual Reports of J&T FINANCE GROUP SE for the years 2022 and 2021. Available at: https://www.jtfg.com/en/investors.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
CZK 203.25 billion at the end of 2021. Since the Issuer accounted for the vast majority of the Group’s 
consolidated assets and income in 2022, the Group’s consolidated performance and financial results in 2022 
were primarily driven by the performance and financial results of the Issuer. 
The Group’s balance sheet dynamics mainly reflected the continued growth in customer deposits, which 
represented the main source of funding and a pre-requisite for the gradual loan portfolio growth. Monetary policy 
tightening translating into normalization in the general interest rate environment incentivised depositors to 
transfer funds from current accounts to products offering a more attractive interest rate, in particular term 
deposits, which reinforced the Group’s liquidity position in 2022.  
Client deposits reached CZK 164.02 billion at the end of 2022 compared to CZK 154.33 billion at the end of 
2021 (a 6.3% year-on-year increase). The growth in term deposits reflected an increase in the interest rate 
differential between low or zero-interest current accounts, on the one hand, and interest-bearing term deposits or 
notice deposits, on the other hand. Total amount of term deposits grew by CZK 24.61 billion year-on-year from 
CZK 109.65 billion at the end of 2021 to CZK 134.26 billion at the end of 2022. Total number of depositors 
exceeded 103 thousand at the end of 2022 compared to 92 thousand at the end of 2021. 
The continued growth in available funding enabled the Group to participate in financing of a number of projects 
and to increase the volume of corporate loans. These amounted to CZK 84.55 billion at the end of 2022, 
representing a 17% increase from CZK 72.05 billion at the end of 2021. Margin lending declined slightly from 
CZK 20.30 billion at the end of 2021 to CZK 18.57 billion at the end of 2022 (an 8.5% year-on-year decrease). 
Finance leases and other receivables grew to CZK 3.04 billion at the end of 2022 from CZK 0.80 billion at the 
end of 2021 (a 280.0% year-on-year increase). As a result, loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 
increased by CZK 13.00 billion or 14.0% year-on-year from CZK 93.15 billion at the end of 2021 to CZK 106.15 
billion at the end of 2022. 
Due to the combination of growing loan portfolio and normalization in the general interest rate environment, the 
Group’s interest income amounted to CZK 11.66 billion, compared to CZK 6.20 billion in 2021 (an 88.1% year-
on-year increase). While interest expense grew from CZK 1.73 billion in 2021 to CZK 4.63 billion in 2022 (a 
167.6% year-on-year increase), the Group’s interest income in 2022 amounted to CZK 7.04 billion compared to 
CZK 4.47 billion in 2021 (a 57.5% year-on-year increase). 
Net fees and commissions totalled CZK 1.89 billion in 2022 compared to CZK 1.61 billion in 2021 (a 17.8% 
year-on-year increase) on the back of growing asset management fees, securities underwriting and placement 
commissions and other fees related do lending activities and brokerage services.  
Trading and other operating income reached CZK 2.15 billion in 2022 compared to a loss of CZK 0.13 billion 
in 2021 and was mainly affected by the revaluation of derivative hedging instruments through which the Group 
manages the currency structure of its assets and liabilities, taking into account the development of the exchange 
rates (mainly CZK:EUR and CZK:USD) and the interest rate differentials in these currencies.  
The Group’s operating expenses reached CZK 3.76 billion in 2022 compared to CZK 2.92 billion in 2021 (a 
28.8% year-on-year increase). Personnel expenses increased due to growing number of employees and salary 
increases caused by the inflationary pressures in the economy. Administrative expenses reflected, in particular, 
the impact of large investments in the information technology infrastructure and digitalization of sales channels, 
greater marketing spend and higher costs induced by the regulatory requirements linked to the Group’s expanding 
business activities such as mandatory deposit insurance and contributions to the resolution institutions. The 
dynamic growth of the operating income created conditions for increasing the operating efficiency and the Group 
thus reported a profit before allowances, provisions and income tax of CZK 7.76 billion in 2022 compared to 
CZK 3.22 billion in 2021, which represented more than a two-fold year-on-year increase. 
In 2022, the geopolitical situation and the local macroeconomic factors had a greater impact on the Group’s risk 
costs than in the previous year with CZK 3.15 billion provisions and impairment charges booked in 2022 
compared to CZK 0.57 billion booked in 2021. Most of this increase is attributable to write-downs of Russian 
and Ukrainian exposures. 
The Group’s capitalization is strong with CZK 35.86 billion equity at the end of 2022 compared to CZK 26.22 
billion at the end of 2021. The year-on-year increase of CZK 9.64 billion was principally attributable to the 
current year profit of CZK 3.38 billion, transfer of CZK 3.27 billion from the prior year’s profits into equity and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
CZK 2.91 billion capital increase provided by the parent company J&T FINANCE GROUP SE as a contribution 
outside of the registered capital (příplatek mimo základní kapitál) in December 2022. 
In addition, the Issuer successfully placed perpetual bonds in the total nominal amount of EUR 200 million in 
2022 qualifying as Additional Tier 1 capital, which increased the Group’s capitalization by CZK 4.97 billion and 
is included within the Group’s additional own funds. As a resolution entity within the Group, the Issuer also 
successfully placed MREL eligible bonds in the total nominal amount CZK 0.30 billion principal amount in 
2022. 
The additional increase in the Group’s own resources was positively reflected in an increase in the capital 
adequacy ratio at the consolidated level that stood at 19.37% at the end of 2022 compared to 16.21% at the end 
of 2021.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
MANAGEMENT 
The Issuer is a Czech joint-stock company established and operating under Czech law. The Issuer, its 
management and the Issuer’s corporate setup are governed in accordance with the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer which can only be amended by a two-thirds majority vote of all shareholders present at the General 
Meeting of the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the conclusive version of the Articles of Association 
of the Issuer is the wording dated 9 September 2020, as filed in the Issuer’s collection of deeds in the Czech 
Commercial Register which is publicly accessible at www.justice.cz. 
The Issuer’s activities are governed by Czech law and the general principles of good corporate governance 
reflected therein. In its corporate governance, the Issuer has adopted and applies the main governance standards 
set out in the Czech Corporate Governance Code developed in 2018 by the Czech Institute of Directors (Institute 
of Members of Administrative Bodies) in partnership with the consulting company Deloitte. In particular, the 
Issuer has adopted the basic principles of the Czech Corporate Governance Code, such as emphasis on 
transparency, accountability and long-term view. 
Management Structure and Committees 
The Issuer’s system of bodies, in addition to the General Meeting, in which shareholders exercise their rights, 
consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Board, and several specialised committees, including the 
Audit Committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is the Issuer’s governing body which manages the Issuer’s business and whose members 
act on behalf of the Issuer in all matters, and represent the Issuer towards third parties, in proceedings before the 
court and other authorities in the manner specified in the Articles of Association and in the Commercial Register. 
The Board of Directors decides on all matters of the Issuer which are not reserved by law, the Articles of 
Association or a resolution of the General Meeting to the competence of the General Meeting or the Supervisory 
Board or the relevant committees established by the Issuer’s Board of Directors or the Supervisory Board, in 
particular the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. 
According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors has three to six members, with the specific 
number to be determined by the Supervisory Board. The Board of Directors currently has six members. Members 
of the Board of Directors are appointed and re-called by the General Meeting. The Board of Directors elects the 
chairman of the Board of Directors from among themselves. Members of the Board of Directors shall be 
appointed to a five-year term, and can be re-appointed. The individual members of the Issuer’s bodies have not 
been allocated specific sections or areas of independent executive competence. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is an independent oversight body of the Issuer and its activities are regulated by law and 
the Articles of Association. The Supervisory Board oversees the performance of the Board of Directors and the 
Issuer’s business activities. According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board has 6 members, of 
which two thirds (4 members) are appointed by the General Meeting and one third (2 members) are appointed 
by the Issuer’s employees. Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed for a five-year term, and can be re-
appointed. 
Members of the Corporate Bodies of the Issuer 
Board of Directors 
 
Name 
Position 
Member since 
Current Term of Office since 
Patrik Tkáč 
Chairman 
3 June 1998 
22 July 2018 
Štěpán Ašer 
Member 
30 May 2006 
2 June 2021 
Igor Kováč 
Member 
16 February 2011 
16 February 2021 
Tomáš Klimíček  
Member 
1 December 2016 
1 December 2021 
Jan Kotek 
Member 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2022 
Anna Macaláková 
Member 
11 June 2018 
11 June 2018

--- Page 147 ---
147 
The business address of all current members of the Board of Directors is Prague 8, Sokolovská 700/113a, Postal 
Code 186 00, Czech Republic, apart from Ms. Macaláková, whose business address is Bratislava, Dvořákovo 
nábrežie 8, Slovak Republic. 
Supervisory Board 
 
Name 
Position 
Member since 
Current Term of Office since 
Jozef Tkáč 
Chairman 
3 June 1998 
15 October 2018 
Ivan Jakabovič 
Vice-Chairman 
3 June 1998 
15 October 2018 
Dušan Palcr 
Member 
15 June 2004 
15 October 2018 
Jozef Šepetka  
Member 
9 September 2008 
15 October 2018 
Jitka Šustová 
Member 
10 December 2018 
10 December 2018 
Jaroslava Sragner 
Member 
14 October 2022 
14 October 2022 
The business address of Mr. Palcr, Mr. Šepetka and Ms. Šustová is Prague 8, Sokolovská 700/113a, Postal Code 
186 00, Czech Republic. The business address of Mr. Tkáč, Mr. Jakabovič and Ms. Sragner is Bratislava, 
Dvořákovo nábrežie 8, Slovak Republic. 
Information on the Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and activities performed outside of 
the Issuer 
Ing. Patrik Tkáč 
Mr. Tkáč graduated from the Faculty of National Economy at the University of Economics in Bratislava. In 
1994, Mr. Tkáč obtained a brokerage licence from the Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic and in the 
same year he co-founded J&T Securities, s.r.o., an investment firm. He is the Chairman of the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors and a leading representative of J&T FINANCE GROUP.  
Mr. Tkáč currently also serves, among others, as the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of J&T 
FINANCE GROUP SE, as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of ATLANTIK finanční trhy, a.s., as the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T CAPITAL INVESTMENTS, a.s., as the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of J&T CAPITAL PARTNERS, a.s., as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of CZECH NEWS 
CENTER a.s., as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of CZECH MEDIA INVEST, a.s., as the Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board of EP Global Commerce a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T IB and 
Capital Markets, as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T Family Office, a.s., as the Member of the 
Supervisory Board of J&T ALLIANCE SICAV, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ARCH 
INVESTMENTS SICAV, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of PT Equity Investments SICAV, a.s., 
as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING CZK I, a.s., as the Member of the 
Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING CZK II, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of 
J&T ENERGY FINANCING CZK III, a.s. v likvidaci, as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T 
ENERGY FINANCING CZK IV, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING 
EUR I, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR II, a.s., as the Member 
of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR III, a.s. v likvidácii, as the Member of the 
Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR IV, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of 
J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR V, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY 
FINANCING EUR VI, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR VII, 
a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR VIII, a.s. v likvidácii, as the 
Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR IX, a.s., as the Member of the 
Supervisory Board of J&T ENERGY FINANCING EUR X, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Bermon94, a.s., as the Member of the Board of Directors of J&T Wine Holding SE, as the Founder of Nadace 
Sirius and as the Founder and Member of the Management Board of Nadace J&T. 
Štěpán Ašer, MBA 
Mr. Ašer is a graduate of the School of Business and Public Management at George Washington University in 
Washington, D.C., specialising in finance and financial markets. He subsequently graduated with an MBA from 
the Rochester Institute of Technology. He has worked in finance in the Czech Republic since 1997, first as an 
analyst and later as a portfolio manager at Credit Suisse Asset Management. From 1999 to 2002 he was a Member 
of the Board of Directors of Commerz Asset Management (CZ) a.s. responsible for portfolio management and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
sales. At Česká spořitelna, Mr. Ašer briefly specialised in asset management for institutional clients. He has been 
working for the Issuer since 2003. 
Mr. Ašer currently also serves, among others, as the Member of the Board of Directors of J&T FINANCE 
GROUP SE, as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T IB and Capital Markets, as the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of J&T Leasingová společnost, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T 
INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST, as the Member of the Supervisory Board of AMISTA, as the Member of the 
Supervisory Board of J&T SERVICES ČR, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T Mezzanine, 
a.s. and as the Member of the Board of Directors of J&T Bank a.o. 
Ing. Igor Kováč 
Mr. Kováč is a graduate of the University of Economics in Bratislava, where he graduated in 1998 from the 
Faculty of National Economy. Since the beginning of his professional career, he has been working in the financial 
industry, in the field of banking since 2000, when he joined Hypovereinsbank Slovakia as Senior Controller. 
From 2002 to 2008, he worked at Volksbank Slovakia as Director of the Economic Department.  
Mr. Kováč currently also serves, among others, as the Member of the Board of Directors of J&T FINANCE 
GROUP SE, as the Member of the Board of Directors of J&T Bank a.o., as the Member of the Supervisory Board 
of J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST, as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T IB and Capital Markets, 
as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T SERVICES ČR, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board 
of J&T Leasingová společnost, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T Mezzanine, a.s. and as the 
Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T Bank d.d. 
Ing. Tomáš Klimíček 
Mr. Klimíček is a graduate of the University of Economics in Prague, where he completed his Master’s degree 
at the Faculty of Finance and Accounting in 2010. Between 2008 and 2011 he worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit, s.r.o. Since 2011 Mr. Klimíček has been working for the Issuer. In 2012, he became Director of Credit 
Risk Management Department. 
Mr. Klimíček currently also serves as the Member of the Board of Directors of J&T Bank a.o., as the Member 
of the Supervisory Board of J&T Leasingová společnost, a.s. and as the Member of the Supervisory Board of 
J&T INVESTIČNÁ SPOLOČNOSŤ, správ. spol., a.s. 
Ing. Jan Kotek 
Mr. Kotek is a graduate of the University of Economics in Prague. Since the beginning of his professional career 
he has worked in the financial services industry. He has been with J&T FINANCE GROUP since 2010, where 
he first held the position of Director of Credit Risk Management Department at the Issuer. From 2012 to 2014, 
he served in the top management of Poštová banka, a.s. in Slovakia. From 2014 to 2021, he worked as a Financial 
Manager at J&T FINANCE GROUP SE. Since 2019, he has held the position of Director of Credit Operations 
Department at the Issuer and in January 2022 he became a Member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
Mr. Kotek currently also serves as the Member of the Board of Directors of Equity Holding, a.s., as the Member 
of the Board of Directors of J&T Mezzanine, a.s. and as the Member of the Supervisory Board of 365.bank, a.s. 
Ing. Anna Macaláková 
Ms. Macaláková is a graduate of the University of Economics in Bratislava, Faculty of National Economy, 
majoring in Finance. Since graduating in 2006, she has worked at the Issuer’s Slovak branch in Bratislava, where 
she held various managerial positions.  
Currently, she works as the Head of the Organisational Unit of J&T BANKA, a.s., a foreign bank branch in 
Bratislava and also serves as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T INVESTIČNÁ SPOLOČNOSŤ, 
správ. spol., a.s.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Activities performed by the Members of the Supervisory Board outside of the Issuer 
Other than as set out below, none of the members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board performs any activities 
outside the Issuer that would be material to the Issuer. 
Mr. Jozef Tkáč currently also serves, among others, as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of J&T FINANCE 
GROUP SE, as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T SERVICES ČR, a.s., as the Member of the 
Supervisory Board of ATLANTIK finanční trhy, a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of 365.bank,a.s., 
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Equity Holding, a.s., as the Member of the Management Board of 
Nadace J&T and as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T INVESTIČNÁ SPOLOČNOSŤ, správ. spol., 
a.s. 
Mr. Ivan Jakabovič currently also serves, among others, as the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
J&T FINANCE GROUP SE, as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T CAPITAL PARTNERS, a.s., as 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of J&T EQUITY PARTNERS, a.s., as the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of KOLIBA REAL, a.s., and as the Member of the Supervisory Board of EP Power Europe, a.s. 
Mr. Dušan Palcr currently also serves, among others, as the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of J&T 
FINANCE GROUP SE, as the Executive Director of J&T Sport Team ČR, s.r.o., as the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of AC Sparta Praha fotbal, a.s., as the Member of the Management Board of I. Český Lawn 
- Tennis Klub Praha, as the Member of the Management Board of Nadace J&T, as the Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Karlín development II. s.r.o., as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of J & T REAL ESTATE CZ, 
a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of J&T REAL ESTATE SMART SOLUTIONS a.s., as the Member 
of the Supervisory Board of GLOBDATA a.s., as the Member of the Supervisory Board of Doblecon a.s., as the 
President of the Executive Committee of Česká rugbyová unie, z.s., as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
of RAILSCANNER, s.r.o., as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of JTZE a.s., as the Executive Director of 
J & T REAL ESTATE ENGINEERING s.r.o., as the Executive Director of Menmar s.r.o., as the Executive 
Director of Baunario s.r.o., as the Executive Director of Alvadose s.r.o., and as the Executive Director of 
MeasureTake s.r.o. 
Committees 
The following are the main committees established within the Issuer by both the Board of Directors and the 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer. 
Audit Committee 
As a public interest entity within the meaning of Section 1a (a) in conjunction with Section 19a(1) of Act No. 
563/1991 Coll., on Accounting, as amended, the Issuer established an Audit Committee as at 1 July 2016. 
The Audit Committee is an advisory body established by the Issuer’s Supervisory Board to carry out the activities 
specified in the relevant legislation, without prejudice to the responsibilities of the Members of the Board of 
Directors or the Supervisory Board. In particular, the Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of the internal 
control and risk management system, monitors the process of preparing the Issuer’s financial statements and 
makes recommendations to the Supervisory Board to ensure the integrity of the accounting and financial 
reporting systems. It further recommends the auditor to the Supervisory Board, with due justification for this 
recommendation. 
The Audit Committee consists of three members appointed and dismissed by the General Meeting. The majority 
of the members of the Audit Committee must be independent of the Company and must be professionally 
qualified. The term of office is three years and each member can be re-appointed. 
Members of the Audit Committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus are: 
 
Name 
Position 
In Office since 
Current Term of Office since 
Pavel Závitkovský 
Chairman 
1 July 2017 
1 July 2020 
Jakub Kovář 
Member 
1 July 2017 
1 July 2020 
Dušan Palcr 
Member 
1 July 2017 
1 July 2020

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee has been established by the Issuer’s Supervisory Board. The Remuneration 
Committee’s main objective and purpose is to support the Supervisory Board in defining and assessing the 
system and guidelines for the remuneration of the Issuer’s employees. The Remuneration Committee (i) drafts 
system amendments and remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board; (ii) regularly assesses the adherence to 
the remuneration policy and submits the assessment summary to the Supervisory Board; (iii) reviews the 
compliance of the remuneration policy with the Issuer’s current business model and with the Issuer’s business 
cycle; (iv) submits the output of the assessment to the Supervisory Board; (v) suggests classifying particular job 
positions as positions with an impact on Issuer’s risk profile to the Supervisory Board; and (vi) supports the 
Supervisory Board in assessing the efficiency and functionality of the remuneration policy. The Remuneration 
Committee chairperson and members are appointed and removed by the Supervisory Board. 
Assets and Liabilities Committee 
The Assets and Liabilities Committee (the ALCO) has been established by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. The 
ALCO’s main objective and purpose is to facilitate the Issuer’s asset and liability management process in terms 
of liquidity, interest rates, the Issuer’s profitability and capital adequacy. The ALCO especially (i) monitors 
liquidity, the Issuer’s interest and FX risks, observance of internal and external limits in those areas; (ii) analyses 
possible scenarios of the future development; (iii) monitors the observance of internal and regulatory capital 
adequacy limits at an individual and consolidated level, resp. prudential consolidation; (iv) evaluates an impact 
of legislative changes on the Issuer’s assets and liabilities; (v) responds to the situation in financial markets, 
analyses prices and products offered by competitor banks and their influence on the Issuer’s trades and prices; 
(vi) monitors maturity of significant asset and liability transactions; (vii) evaluates an impact of expected new 
trades on the risk, limits and profitability; and (viii) decides on interest rates of deposit products, measures taken 
in the market risk management, prudential business activities and in trades. The ALCO’s chairperson and 
members are appointed and removed by the Board of Directors. 
Investment Committee 
The Investment Committee has been established by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Investment Committee’s 
main objective and purpose is to support investments assigned in the business portfolio, the Issuer’s currency 
and commodity positions. A further goal of the Investment Committee is to co-ordinate and monitor investments 
in the trading book, currency and commodity positions of the individual members of the regulatory consolidated 
unit and at the consolidated level. The Investment Committee especially (i) discusses and approves limits or 
other parameters for the business portfolio trades, the Issuer’s currency and commodity positions to an extent 
specified by the Issuer’s internal rules governing limits for making the Issuer’s transactions; (ii) prescribes a set 
of liquidity risk figures and approves the Issuer’s emergency liquidity plan and approves the enlistment of a 
security for trading as a part of the client portfolio management; and (iii) regularly evaluates the observance of 
set limits. The Investment Committee’s chairperson and members are appointed and removed by the Board of 
Directors. 
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee has been established by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Credit Committee’s main 
objective and purpose is to provide support in the area of transactions in the Issuer’s non-trading book. In 
particular, (i) based on a risk analysis of a financed active trade, the Credit Committee approves active trades up 
to CZK 200 million; (ii) based on a risk analysis of a financed active trade, it makes a recommendation to the 
Board of Directors to approve an active trade above CZK 200 million; (iii) based on a risk analysis of a non-
performing active trade, it makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors to approve the method of collecting 
an active trade; and (iv) based on the fulfilment of technical indicators, deviations from project plans and external 
events, it discusses and decides on the categorisation of claims, and is responsible for the quantification of the 
risks taken. The Credit Committee’s chairperson and members are appointed and removed by the Board of 
Directors. 
Operational Risk and Damage Committee 
The Operational Risk and Damage Committee (the ORDC) has been established by the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors. The ORDC’s main objective and purpose is to discuss damage and the Issuer’s operational risk. A

--- Page 151 ---
151 
further goal of the ORDC is to co-ordinate and monitor the operational risk for the individual members of the 
regulatory consolidated unit and at the consolidated level. The ORDC is responsible for working out and 
submitting proposals for the risk and damage mitigation to an acceptable level, for the check and evaluation of 
Issuer’s operational risk and supervision over the implementation of approved proposals for the elimination of 
operational risk and damage by the Board of Directors. The ORDC’s chairperson and members are appointed 
and removed by the Board of Directors. 
Conflicts of Interest at the Level of Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflict of interest between the duties of the Members of the Board of 
Directors, the Supervisory Board or the Audit Committee of the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
The Issuer’s internal regulations in force contain effective measures to avoid any conflict of interest, existing or 
potential, of the above-mentioned persons.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
BANKING REGULATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of Czech banking regulation and supervision. The 
information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of Czech banking regulation and supervision 
to which the Issuer is subject, and is not intended to provide a comprehensive or complete description of Czech 
banking regulation and supervision. 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Czech banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including Czech Act No. 6/1993 Coll., on the Czech National Bank, as amended (the CNB Act), the Czech 
Banking Act, the Czech Capital Markets Act, Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in the Capital Market 
Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended (the Czech Capital Market Supervision Act), Czech 
Act No. 253/2008 Coll., the Act on Some Measures against Money-Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, as 
amended, Czech Act No. 370/2017 Coll., on Payment Services, as amended, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech 
Act No. 93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended, Czech Act No. 377/2005 Coll., on Supplementary Supervision 
over Banks, Credit Unions, Electronic Money Institutions, Insurance Companies and Investment Firms in 
Financial Conglomerates and amending some other acts, as amended (the Czech Financial Conglomerates 
Act), the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, Czech Act No. 257/2016 Coll., on Consumer Credit, as amended 
(the Czech Consumer Credit Act) and certain regulations issued by the CNB (known as measures and decrees) 
as well as directly applicable EU laws and regulations. 
The CNB 
The CNB exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Czech 
financial sector (including the capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector). The CNB also carries out the traditional activities of a central 
bank including fostering price stability through monetary policy as well as fostering financial stability and safe 
functioning of the financial system in the Czech Republic. 
As a general rule, the CNB exercises banking supervision over Czech banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Czech Republic) and Czech branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in EEA countries other than the Czech Republic which are conducting their banking business in the 
Czech Republic through a Czech branch passported in the Czech Republic, or without establishment of a Czech 
branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to supervision by their 
home country regulators, although their supervision is also partially carried out by the CNB. 
Under the CNB Act and the Czech Banking Act, the CNB is empowered with an array of powers to regulate and 
supervise the Czech banking system. These powers, among others, include the power to: (i) grant banking 
licences; (ii) issue regulations containing the terms and conditions of entry into the banking sector and setting 
down prudential rules for specific areas of banking business; (iii) monitor the activities of banks, branches of 
foreign banks and credit unions; (iv) perform examinations (inspections) in banks, including foreign bank 
branches and credit unions; (v) grant prior consents to certain activities involving a bank, including the 
acquisition of a participation in a bank, the disposal of a bank’s business, the merger or winding up of a bank, or 
the termination of a bank’s activities; and (vi) impose remedial measures and penalties for shortcomings detected 
in banks’ activities (see section Remedial Measures and Penalties). 
Licensing 
As a general rule, only joint-stock companies that have been granted a banking licence by the CNB in compliance 
with the Czech Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Czech Republic as a bank. Certain exceptions apply 
to foreign banks established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Czech Republic 
through their Czech branch or on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services. Licences are issued 
for an indefinite period of time and contain a list of the activities that the respective bank is permitted to conduct. 
In some cases, licences also contain conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted 
activity or while conducting that activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of 
investment services and certain custodian services, may be conditional upon the fulfilment of special conditions.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the CNB 
In a number of cases, the Czech Banking Act requires banks or other legal or natural persons to apply for consent 
from the CNB or to notify the CNB before executing particular transactions or operations. 
Prior consent of the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to acquire or increase a direct 
or indirect participation in a Czech bank so that it would reach or exceed 10%, 20%, 30% or 50% of the registered 
capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would become the bank’s controlling entity or have the 
possibility to exercise a significant influence over the bank’s management (this duty also applies to persons 
acting in concert); (ii) in order to enter into an agreement pursuant to which the business enterprise of the bank 
or a part thereof is disposed of; (iii) in order to merge or divide the bank or to transfer its assets to its shareholder; 
(iv) for a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders to wind up the bank or cease to carry out any activity 
for which a licence is required; and (v) in order to reduce the capital of the bank, unless the capital is being 
reduced to cover a loss. 
A prior notification to the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to completely dispose 
of or reduce a direct or indirect participation in a bank so that it would fall below 10%, 20%, 30% or 50% of the 
registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would cease to be the bank’s controlling entity or 
cease to have the possibility of exercising a significant influence over the bank’s management (this duty also 
applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) of changes proposed to a bank’s articles of association relating to the 
parts that are required by law; (iii) of proposed personnel changes in the board of directors and senior 
management of the bank; (iv) of the bank’s intent to establish a legal entity (subsidiary), branch or representation 
abroad or to provide services abroad without establishing a branch; (v) of the identity of a bank’s auditor; and 
(vi) to effect any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of MREL eligible instruments prior to the date of 
the instrument’s contractual maturity. 
A subsequent notification to the CNB must be filed by a Czech bank without undue delay upon any acquisition 
of a participation in a legal entity, incorporation of a legal entity or participation in its incorporation if the Czech 
bank acquired or holds a direct or indirect participation in such legal entity of at least 10% of the registered 
capital or of the voting rights, or so that the Czech bank would become the legal entity’s controlling entity or has 
the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the legal entity’s management. 
Capital Adequacy Requirements 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) published its final standards on 
the revised capital adequacy framework, known as Basel III, which tightened the definition of capital and requires 
banks to maintain capital buffers on top of minimum capital requirements. On 27 June 2013, the CRD IV and 
the CRR, transposing Basel III into EU-law, have been published. 
The CRR (an EU-regulation which directly applies in all EU-Member States without any further national 
implementation steps) entered into force on 1 January 2014. Certain Czech laws (including amendments to the 
Czech Banking Act and an implementing Decree of the CNB No. 163/2014 Coll., on the Performance of the 
Activities of Banks, Credit Unions and Investment Firms, as amended (the Prudential Rules Decree)) 
implementing the CRD IV into Czech law were subsequently amended or newly promulgated in 2014. 
Thus, since 2014, the prudential requirements, in particular the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the 
Issuer have been substantially changed. 
Under the new rules, the only capital instruments eligible as own funds are: (i) CET 1 instruments; (ii) additional 
tier 1 instruments (the AT 1) (CET 1 and AT 1 together constituting the Tier 1); and (iii) tier 2 instruments (the 
Tier 2). 
Institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following minimum capital ratios for own funds: (i) a CET 1 
ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 ratio of 6%; and (iii) a total capital ratio constituted of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 of 8%, all 
expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. The total risk exposure amount is in principle the 
sum of risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk, as well as the own funds requirements for market risk 
and operational risk. 
Therefore, while the total capital an institution needs to hold remains at minimum 8%, the share that has to be of 
the highest quality (i.e. CET 1) increased from 2% to 4.5%.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
The new rules established the following new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the 
countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the systemic risk buffer, (iv) the global systemic institutions buffer and (v) the 
other systemic institutions buffer. The capital conservation buffer is equal to 2.5%. The countercyclical capital 
buffer is 2.5% in the Czech Republic since 1 April 2023. The other systemically important institutions buffer is 
not applicable to the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The systemic risk buffer is not applied by the 
CNB as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
On top of these own funds requirements, the competent authorities may add extra capital requirements to cover 
other risks following a supervisory review and institutions may also decide to hold an additional amount of 
capital on their own. 
Under Basel III, banks (such as the Issuer) are required to meet two new liquidity standards: (i) the LCR and 
(ii) the NSFR. The LCR requires banks to hold an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can 
be used to offset the net cash outflows the bank would encounter under an acute short term stress scenario 
specified by supervisors. The NSFR measures the amount of longer term, stable sources of funding available to 
a bank in relation to the stable funding it requires over a one year period of extended stress, given the liquidity 
profiles of its assets and its off-balance sheet exposures. 
In respect of credit risk, in order to calculate their risk-weighted exposure amounts, institutions shall apply either 
the standardised approach or (if permitted by the competent authorities) the internal ratings based approach. At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is using the standardised approach. 
Apart from the prudential requirements for own funds and regulatory capital described above, Czech credit 
institutions are subject to numerous other regulatory requirements stipulated by EU-law, including limits on large 
exposures, liquidity requirements, leverage ratios, as well as reporting and notification obligations. 
The CNB is authorised to apply certain remedial measures linked to failure to meet capital adequacy criteria. For 
example, the CNB may require the bank, among other things, to increase its capital to a sufficient level, to limit 
the acquisition of certain higher-risk assets, to refrain from paying interest on deposits where relevant interest 
rates would be in excess of the then current market level or to cease providing any loans to persons that have 
close personal or proprietary links with the bank. In an extreme case, the CNB is obliged to revoke the bank’s 
licence, unless the bank is subject to a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize) pursuant to 
the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act. 
Furthermore, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform 
package including proposals to amend the CRR, the CRD IV and BRRD (the EU Banking Reform) as part of 
the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the EU. The individual pieces of law forming 
the EU Banking Reform were adopted on 20 May 2019. The amendments include, among other things, 
introduction of a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt, changes to the market risk framework by 
implementing the fundamental review of the trading book, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, 
introduction of a leverage ratio requirement, binding implementation of the NSFR, revisions to the Pillar 2 
framework and revisions to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book. 
Financial Conglomerates 
Starting in September 2005, the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act came into force implementing Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 on the supplementary 
supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act, a bank is considered to be a “regulated person” when under 
certain circumstances it is subject to a regulation of the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act a financial conglomerate is a group or subgroup if: 
(a) 
the group or subgroup is headed by: (i) a regulated person, such as a bank, credit institution, insurance 
company or securities broker, which either: (a) controls a person in the financial sector; or (b) is a person 
who exercises a significant influence on a person in the financial sector; or (c) is a person connected to 
other person in financial sector through a unified management (d) is a person, the majority of whose 
members of statutory, managing and supervisory bodies comprise during most of the relevant accounting 
period individuals or persons, who are at the same time members of the statutory, managing and

--- Page 155 ---
155 
supervisory bodies of another person in the financial sector, or (ii) a person who is not a regulated 
person, provided the activity of the group is performed predominantly in the financial sector; 
(b) 
at least one person in the group or subgroup belongs to the insurance sector and at least one person in 
the group or subgroup belongs to the banking sector or investment services sector; and 
(c) 
the activities in the insurance sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate and the activities in the 
banking sector and investment services sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate are significant 
(where the extent of the sector’s significance is specified in detail in the Czech Financial Conglomerates 
Act). 
The supplementary regulation under the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act concerns mainly the following three 
areas at the level of the financial conglomerate: 
(a) 
capital adequacy; 
(b) 
risk management; and 
(c) 
intra-group transactions. 
The supplementary supervision is exercised at the level of the financial conglomerate, i.e. at the level of the 
regulated entity which is at the top of the financial conglomerate, or at the level of the regulated entity, the parent 
of which is a mixed financial holding company (i.e., a non-regulated entity controls a regulated entity) which has 
its head office in the EU. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is considered a regulated 
person subject to supplementary supervision at the level of financial conglomerate. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the CNB Act, the CNB may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a pre-specified 
amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accounts with the CNB. The required minimum 
reserves may not exceed 30% of the total liabilities of the institution required to hold such reserves, net of its 
liabilities owed to other regulated persons. Currently, the CNB requires minimum reserves to amount to at least 
2% of the aggregate of the following liabilities to entities other than banks or foreign banks with a maturity of 
up to two years: (i) customer deposits; (ii) loans accepted from customers; (iii) holdings by non-banking entities 
of outstanding non-marketable securities; and (iv) holdings by non-banking entities of other outstanding debt 
securities. Minimum reserves are calculated from liabilities denominated in CZK as well as other currencies. 
Failure by a bank or a branch of a foreign bank established outside the EEA to meet minimum reserve 
requirements exposes the bank to interest penalties equal to twice the average Lombard rate applicable during 
the period in which it was obliged to meet such minimum reserve requirements. 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, banks operating in the Czech Republic are 
required to monitor and manage liquidity risks. A bank must establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. Banks must also maintain a stable and diversified funding portfolio and manage 
relationships with their principal creditors. 
Classification of Receivables and Impairment 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CRR and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to classify their exposures (especially those originating from 
granting of credit) according to the likelihood of default on such receivables into the following classes: (i) 
performing exposures; and (ii) non-performing exposures. The classification is realised in accordance with the 
approach to classification of exposures set out in the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 
of April 2014 laying down implementing technical standards with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions 
according to CRR. Following such classification, Czech banks and branches of foreign banks must follow

--- Page 156 ---
156 
procedures set by the Prudential Rules Decree to set amounts of expected losses on the exposures and create 
provisions and reserves to cover them. 
Large Exposures 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the Prudential Rules Decree and the CRR, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to comply with large exposure rules established by the CRR that 
limit the amount of their assets and off-balance-sheet items in respect of a person or economically connected 
group of persons. For the purposes of these rules, a large exposure to a person or economically connected group 
of persons is deemed to exist if the exposure value is equal to or higher than 10% of a bank’s eligible capital. 
As a general rule, a Czech bank must not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk 
mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25% of its eligible capital. If a 
group of connected clients includes one or more credit institutions or investment firms, the value of the exposure 
must not exceed 25% of a Czech bank’s eligible capital or EUR 150 million, whichever is higher, provided that 
the sum of exposure values, after taking into account the credit risk mitigation, to all connected clients that are 
not credit institutions or investment firms must not exceed 25% of the Czech bank’s eligible capital. 
As a general rule, trading portfolio exposure to a person or economically connected group of persons may not 
exceed 600% of the sum of the eligible capital. 
Qualified Participations 
The Czech Banking Act defines a qualified participation as a direct or indirect participation in an entity which 
represents 10% or more of the registered capital or voting rights of such entity, or which makes it possible to 
exercise significant influence over the management of such entity. Under the CRR, a qualified participation held 
by a bank or its consolidated group in a non-financial institution (i.e., an entity that is neither a Czech bank, a 
foreign bank, a financial institution nor an ancillary services undertaking) may not exceed (i) in respect of a 
single legal entity, 15% of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital and (ii) in respect of all legal 
entities, a total of 60% of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital. These limits do not apply in 
specific limited circumstances. 
Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank may acquire a participation or share in another legal entity, incorporate 
another legal entity or participate in its incorporation only if: (a) the bank does not become a participant with 
unlimited liability; (b) the legal entity is not a person having a qualified participation in such bank (with some 
exemptions stated by the Czech Banking Act); (c) there are no legal or other obstacles to effective supervision 
of the bank’s activities; or (d) the investment is in compliance with the overall strategy of the bank and the bank 
controls the risks connected with such investment, in particular, in light of the eventual obligations of the bank 
arising therefrom. 
Disclosure of Information 
Banks are required to disclose and file with the CNB a number of reports, including quarterly and annual reports. 
The form of the reports is specified in various CNB decrees. The annual report must contain, among other things, 
the bank’s financial statements and the external auditor’s report. Since 2002, banks’ internal risk management 
systems must also be audited by statutory auditors, unless the CNB waives this requirement or limits it to only 
some parts thereof. The CNB reviews these reports and monitors whether regulations on liquidity, large 
exposures, capital adequacy, capital, qualified participations and other matters have been observed. Banks are 
also required to introduce effective mechanisms for dealing with customer complaints and to inform customers 
about these mechanisms in their premises. Banks must also disclose basic information about themselves, their 
shareholder structure, the structure of the consolidated group to which they belong, and their activities and 
financial situation on their website. Certain banks are also obliged to disclose information on compliance with 
the prudential rules. 
Deposit Insurance 
Primary deposits with Czech banks are insured with the Deposit Insurance Fund operated by the Financial Market 
Guarantee System established pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act (the Deposit Insurance 
Fund). All Czech banks and branches of foreign banks outside the EEA must participate in this deposit insurance 
scheme and contribute to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Deposit Insurance Fund is financed from contributions

--- Page 157 ---
157 
from banks, funds obtained at the financial market, subsidies, repayable financial assistance and loans provided 
by the CNB, investment yields on its funds and proceeds from finalised insolvency and liquidation proceedings. 
The condition for insuring each deposit is that the person making the deposit is duly identified, as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of individuals, the deposit must be identified by the individual’s name, surname, personal 
identification number or date of birth and address; and 
(b) 
in the case of legal entities, the deposit must be identified by the legal entity’s name, registered seat 
and, in the case of Czech legal entities, their identification number. 
Neither individuals nor legal entities need to apply for deposit insurance in order for their deposits to be covered. 
A deposit kept at a bank, building society or co-operative savings bank is insured automatically by operation of 
law. 
Subject to applicable limitations, deposit insurance covers all claims arising from deposits held in CZK or in 
other currencies registered as credit balances on accounts or deposit books, or evidenced by a certificate of 
deposit, deposit slip or another comparable document, and any interest accrued on such deposits. The deposit 
insurance does not cover deposit claims of banks, foreign banks, financial institutions, health insurance 
companies, state funds and certain other entities, such as members of the management or certain significant 
shareholders of the bank. Claims from subordinated debt and bills of exchange and other securities are also not 
covered by deposit insurance. 
The level of insurance coverage is calculated by aggregating the insured deposits of each depositor with the 
particular bank. Since 1 January 2011, the amount that can be paid to a depositor under the scheme is equal to 
100% of the aggregate of its deposits and is capped at the amount of EUR 100,000 per depositor per bank. For 
this purpose, the amounts paid in respect of deposits on joint accounts are proportionately allocated to each joint 
account holder. Since 1 January 2016, legislation has defined exceptional cases where even higher compensation 
may be paid out for a defined period of time. This increased compensation can exceed the basic limit of EUR 
100,000 by a maximum of an additional EUR 100,000. Such exceptional cases are e.g. deposit compensations 
for deposits resulting from real estate transactions related to private residential properties, settlement of the 
common property of spouses after divorce, insurance settlement (in the case of injury, illness, invalidity or death) 
and in other cases determined by law. 
A yearly contribution of a Czech bank to the Deposit Insurance Fund is calculated pursuant to a formula 
published by the CNB, which takes into account the amount of the insured deposits and the risk profile of the 
institution. 
Remedial Measures and Penalties 
Under Czech law, banks are obliged to carry out their business in a prudent manner, in particular in a manner 
that does not impair the interests of depositors in respect of recoverability of their interests or endanger the bank’s 
safety and soundness. Banks are also required to observe all applicable legal rules and regulations, including the 
terms and conditions stipulated in their licence. If the CNB detects any shortcomings in the activities of a bank, 
it is authorised, among other things to: (i) require the bank to remedy the situation within a specified period by, 
for example, restricting some of the bank’s activities, replacing persons in the bank’s management or the bank’s 
supervisory board, or creating adequate provisions and reserves; (ii) change the bank’s licence by excluding or 
restricting some of the activities listed in the bank’s licence; (iii) order an extraordinary audit at the expense of 
the bank; (iv) impose a fine of up to CZK 50 million or, in some cases, of up to 10% of annual net turnover of 
the bank or the consolidated accounts of the parent undertaking; (v) require a reduction of the bank’s capital to 
cover any loss (to the extent that such loss is not covered by reserve funds and other funds), provided that the 
loss exceeds 20% of the bank’s equity; (vi) impose forced administration if the stability of the entire banking 
sector is endangered; and (vii) revoke the bank’s licence where serious shortcomings persist or when the bank is 
insolvent. The CNB is also authorised to apply certain other measures, which are linked mainly to capital 
adequacy. 
Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may further exercise a range of crisis prevention 
measures and crisis management measures, as described above.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Additionally, the CNB is authorised to take measures consisting of suspending the rights of shareholders who 
acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a bank without the CNB’s consent or who operate to the detriment of 
the sound and prudent management of the bank. 
Consolidated Supervision 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks, branches of foreign banks 
established outside the EEA and other entities forming consolidated groups are also subject to supervision on a 
consolidated basis, which includes monitoring and regulating the risks to which Czech banks and branches of 
foreign banks established outside the EEA are exposed due to their membership in a consolidated group. 
As a general rule, consolidated groups controlled by a bank or financial holding entity seated in other EEA 
Member States are not subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis. 
The consolidated groups subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis are mainly obliged to comply 
with: (i) the requirements for the internal management and control system; (ii) the rules for capital requirements; 
(iii) the large exposure rules; (iv) the restrictions on qualified participation; and (v) the rules for disclosure of 
information. When exercising supervision on a consolidated basis, the CNB co-operates with authorities 
responsible for supervising banks and financial institutions in other countries and is entitled to exchange 
information with them.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
TAXATION  
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF THE PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES 
AND THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME 
RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL 
TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH 
THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE 
RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED 
FROM THE NOTES. 
1. 
Disclosure of information in connection with payments 
General Information 
Pursuant to the Czech withholding tax rules applicable to the Eurobonds under the Czech Income Taxes Act as 
amended by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. and Act No. 353/2021 Coll., unless exempt from tax or unless a Tax 
Treaty states otherwise, income payable by an issuer in respect of the Notes may be subject to the Withholding 
Tax and the Tax Security (as the case may be). 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable, on a strict-liability basis, for (i) a proper withholding of any 
Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source 
at an appropriate rate under any applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Notes as well as (ii) the granting of any relief therefrom (whether in the form of an 
exemption or application of a reduced rate) (a Tax Relief). The Issuer also bears the related burden of proof vis-
à-vis the tax authorities which necessitates, before any Tax Relief can be granted, collection of certain 
information and documentation concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of the recipient 
of a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes (together with relevant evidence thereof) which 
would enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner with respect to any such 
payment and that it meets all conditions for any applicable Tax Relief to be granted (the Beneficial Ownership 
Information). 
The tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic implemented by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are designed to facilitate collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information 
are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services Association at www.icmsa.org, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the Certification Procedures). Noteholders must seek their own 
professional advice to satisfy themselves that they comply with all the applicable procedures and any 
requirements thereunder (whether documentary or otherwise) to ensure a tax treatment of their Notes which duly 
reflects their particular circumstances for the purposes of applying any Withholding Tax, Tax Security and Tax 
Relief (as the case may be) and should consult the latest announcements in relation to the Certification Procedures 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
(https://my.euroclear.com/18 
and 
www.clearstream.com) and on the website of the International Capital Market Services Association 
(www.icmsa.org). None of the Issuer, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Paying Agents or the ICSDs (or any 
other clearing system) assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Quick Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest and/or 
principal in respect of the Notes have been made net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security, because the 
Beneficial Ownership Information under the Relief at Source Procedure could not, for any reason, be duly or 
timely collected, may be entitled to a refund of the amounts so withheld pursuant to the quick refund procedure 
as set out in the Certification Procedures (the Quick Refund Procedure). 
Standard Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest in 
respect of the Notes have been made net of any Withholding Tax, because the Beneficial Ownership Information 
                                                     
18 Only Euroclear participants will have access to the website.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
under the Relief at Source Procedure or the Quick Refund Procedure could not, for any reason, be duly or timely 
collected, may deliver correct, complete and accurate Beneficial Ownership Information to the Issuer no later 
than three years from the end of a calendar year in which the payments which were subject to any relevant 
withholdings with respect to Withholding Tax were made (the Standard Refund Procedure). 
The Beneficial Ownership Information shall be delivered to the address set out below, in person or by first class 
mail or (if posted from an address overseas) by airmail and marked for the attention of:  
J&T SERVICES ČR, a.s. 
Tax Department 
Email: dancen@jtfg.sk 
Sokolovská 700/113a  
186 00 Prague 8 
Czech Republic 
and shall include the Beneficial Owner’s up-to-date contact details together with evidence of the Beneficial 
Owner’s holding of or interest in the relevant Notes, which shall be used by the Issuer for the purposes of any 
refund-related communication. 
The Issuer shall proceed in accordance with the then applicable laws of the Czech Republic and shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to obtain the refund or will inform the Beneficial Owner that it is not in position to process 
such request. Subject to the due and timely receipt of the Beneficial Ownership Information, if the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines that it is entitled to file a refund claim with the Czech tax authorities for 
any previously withheld Withholding Tax and obtains a refund of any amounts so withheld, it shall pay any such 
amounts to the Beneficial Owner within ten Business Days of receipt thereof from the Czech tax authorities, net 
of a fixed amount of EUR 1,000 (excl. VAT, if any) to cover the Issuer’s administrative costs and expenses 
pertaining to the refund claim. 
Any communication in respect of the Standard Refund Procedure shall be made directly between the Issuer and 
the relevant Beneficial Owner as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent are not engaged in the Standard Refund Procedure. 
The Issuer may publish additional information in relation to the Standard Refund Procedure (including a change 
in contact details for delivery of the Beneficial Ownership Information) on the website of the Issuer. 
In case of any withholding for or on account of the Tax Security, the relevant Beneficial Owner must directly 
approach the Czech tax authorities. 
2. 
Taxation in the Czech Republic 
The following is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes. This discussion does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes. As each Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different 
tax treatment due to the specific terms of such Tranche of Notes as set out in the respective Final Terms, the 
following section only provides some very general information on the possible tax treatment. In particular, this 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This 
overview is based on the laws of the Czech Republic currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. The information 
contained within this section are limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any 
information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the 
Notes. 
The description below represents a brief summary of selected material tax aspects of the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Notes in the Czech Republic. The summary is mainly based on the Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on 
Income Taxes, as amended (Income Taxes Act), and on other related laws which are effective as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus as well as on the administrative practice or the prevailing interpretations of these laws and 
other regulations as applied by Czech tax, administrative and other authorities and bodies and as these are 
known to the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus. The information contained herein is neither intended to 
be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. The description below is solely of a general nature (i.e. it does 
not take into account, for example, specific tax treatment of certain taxpayers such as investment, mutual or

--- Page 161 ---
161 
pension funds) and may change in the future depending on changes in the relevant laws that may occur after this 
date, or in the interpretation of these laws which may be applied after that date. In this respect, please note that 
the below description of Czech tax treatment of the Notes has been significantly affected by the Act No. 609/2020 
Coll. (2021 ITA Amendment) and Act No. 353/2021 Coll. (2022 Banking Act Amendment), which amends some 
acts in the field of taxes and some other acts. The 2021 ITA Amendment has significantly changed the tax regime 
of notes issued after 31 December 2020. Subsequently, the 2022 Banking Act Amendment has reintroduced some 
provisions abolished by 2021 ITA Amendment. The new rules are quite controversial. Therefore, the tax regime 
of notes (including the Notes) is currently associated with many ambiguities. In the Issuer’s opinion, the summary 
below represents a rational interpretation of the relevant provisions of the Income Taxes Act in relation to notes. 
The following summary assumes that the person to whom any income is paid in connection with the Notes is a 
beneficial owner of such income (within the OECD meaning of this term), i.e. it does not act, for example, as a 
proxy, agent, depositary or in any other similar position in which any such payments would be received on 
account of another person or entity. 
For the purposes of this section (Taxation), the following terms have the following meaning: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Note if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within the OECD meaning 
of this term) in respect of income paid on or in connection with such Note or a recipient of such income who 
qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above meaning, in each case under the Income Taxes Act as well as 
for the purposes of a relevant Tax Treaty (if any). 
Czech Permanent Establishment means a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic under the Income 
Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Coupon means any note yield other than a note yield that is determined by reference to the difference between 
the nominal value of a note and its issue price (i.e. yield determined as the Discount). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Coupon also includes the Early Redemption Premium. 
Coupon Note means a note that has the issue price equal to its nominal value. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Coupon Note is not a note with a yield that is determined by reference to the combination of the Discount and 
the Coupon. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic neither under the Income 
Taxes Acts nor under any Tax Treaty. 
Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Income Taxes Acts 
as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Discount means a positive difference between the nominal value of a note and its lower issue price. 
Discounted Note means a note that has the issue price lower than the nominal value. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Discounted Note is also a note with a yield that is determined by the combination of the Discount and the 
Coupon. 
Early Redemption Premium means any extraordinary yield paid by an issuer in the event of early redemption 
of a note. 
Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate income tax 
but who may not necessarily have a legal personality). 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident other than the Qualifying Czech 
Tax Non-Resident. 
Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a situation 
where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another person, or (ii) 
one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several persons and, in each 
case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% of the registered capital of, or 25% 
of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Relief at Source Procedure means a procedure whereby income proceeds are paid taking into account 
exemption and/or applicable reduced rate as foreseen by the applicable tax laws or under any applicable Tax 
Treaty. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal 
Entity) who (i) is not the Person Related Through Capital to the Issuer and (ii) has not created a legal relationship 
with the Issuer mainly for tax reasons (i.e. with the aim to reduce a tax base or to increase a tax loss). 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding 
Agent (for example by the issuer of a note or by the buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant 
income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax liability). 
Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another country 
under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the case of Taiwan, 
the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the elimination of double taxation in relation to Taiwan, as amended. 
Withholding Agent means a payer of (taxable) income who is responsible for making the deduction of (i) the 
Withholding tax or (ii) the Tax Security, as applicable, and their remittance to the tax authorities. 
Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding Agent (for 
example by the issuer of the note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited circumstances, such 
tax is generally considered as final. 
Interest Income 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) 
Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15%. 
This tax represents final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax or Tax Security. 
Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 
15% and 23% depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the 
average wage amounting to CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). However, the general tax base does not include the amount 
of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Note paid by the Issuer (or 
another amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption 
Premium, if any) and the price for which the individual acquired the Note. If an individual holds the Note, which 
is the Coupon Note, until its maturity (or early redemption) and this individual acquired such Note on a secondary 
market at an amount below the nominal value of the Note (or below other amount paid by the Issuer upon early 
redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any), such (positive) difference is also 
included in the individual’s general tax base. 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
The yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a Legal Entity is not subject to the 
Withholding Tax, but it is rather included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a 
flat rate of 19%. The Legal Entity which is an accounting unit is generally required to recognise the yield in its 
profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
The yield from the Note (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a Qualifying Czech Tax 
Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) is exempt from Czech taxation.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
(a) 
Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15% or 
35%. The 35% rate applies to recipients, which do not have Czech Permanent Establishment to which the Notes 
are attributable and, at the same time, are tax residents of neither (i) an EU/EEA member state nor (ii) a country 
with which the Czech Republic has an effective double Tax Treaty or an effective double (or multilateral) treaty 
on the exchange of information. The 15% rate applies to all other recipients. This tax generally represents a final 
taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, an individual who is a tax resident of an EU/EEA 
member state may decide to include the Coupon in his/her tax return filed in the Czech Republic for the relevant 
tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents an advance payment which is credited against the 
final Czech tax liability as declared in the tax return. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15% and 23% 
depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the average wage 
amounting to CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). However, the general tax base does not include the amount of the 
Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Note paid by the Issuer (or another 
amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if 
any) and the price for which the individual acquired the Note. However, if the Notes are not attributable to the 
individual’s Czech Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed the Discount (i.e. if such 
difference is higher, the amount of the Discount will be included in the general tax base). Furthermore, if an 
individual is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold the Tax Security at the rate 
of 1% applicable to a gross amount paid (i.e. the nominal value of the Note upon the maturity or the amount paid 
by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any). This 
Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax return for the relevant tax 
year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) an individual holds the Note, which is the 
Coupon Note, until its maturity (or its early redemption), (ii) this individual acquired such Note on a secondary 
market for an amount below its nominal value (or below the amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of 
the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and (iii) such Note is attributable to that 
individual’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such (positive) difference is also included in the individual’s 
general tax base. 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to a Legal Entity, where the Note is not attributable to its Czech 
Permanent Establishment, is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15% or 35%. The 35% rate applies to 
recipients, which are tax residents of neither (i) an EU/EEA member state nor (ii) a country with which the Czech 
Republic has an effective double Tax Treaty or an effective double (or multilateral) treaty on the exchange of 
information. The 15% rate applies to all other recipients. This tax generally represents final taxation of the 
Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, the Legal Entity who is a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state 
may decide to include the Coupon in its tax return filed in the Czech Republic for the relevant tax year. In such 
a case, the above Withholding Tax represents an advance payment which is credited against the final self-
assessed tax liability as declared in the tax return. The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to a Legal Entity, 
where the Note is attributable to its Czech Permanent Establishment, is not subject to the Withholding Tax. 
Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 19%. 
Furthermore, if the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold a Tax 
Security at the rate of 10% applicable to the amount of the Coupon (on a gross basis). This Tax Security is 
creditable against the final tax liability as declared in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax 
Security overwithholding is generally refundable). 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to the Legal Entity is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 19%. However, the general 
tax base does not include the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal 
value of the Note paid by the Issuer (or the amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but 
excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and the price at which the Legal Entity acquired the Note. However, 
if the Notes are not attributable to Legal Entity’s Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed 
the Discount (i.e. if such difference is higher, the amount of the Discount will be included in the general tax 
base). Furthermore, if the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold

--- Page 164 ---
164 
the Tax Security at the rate of 1% applicable to gross amount (i.e. the nominal value of the Note at maturity or 
the amount paid by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption 
Premium). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax return for 
the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) a Legal Entity holds the 
Note, which is the Coupon Note, until its maturity (or its early redemption), (ii) this Legal Entity acquired such 
Note on a secondary market for an amount below the nominal value of the Note (or below the amount paid by 
the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and (iii) such Note 
is attributable to that Legal Entity’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such (positive) difference is also included 
in its general tax base. 
A Legal Entity which is an accounting unit and where the Notes are attributable to its Czech Permanent 
Establishment, is generally required to recognise the yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) 
in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Capital gains/losses 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) 
Individuals 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes that have not formed part of business assets of an individual are generally 
exempt from personal income tax if: 
 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Notes) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Notes which the individual has held for more than three 
years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Notes where a purchase agreement 
is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years from their acquisition is not tax-
exempt). 
If the Notes formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale may still apply but 
only if the Notes are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains from the sale of the Notes realised by an individual are included in the general tax base, which is 
subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15% and 23% depending on individual’s applicable bracket 
(the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the average wage amounting to CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). If an 
individual has held the Notes in connection with his/her business activities, such gains are also subject to social 
security and health insurance contributions. Losses from the sale of the Notes realised by an individual are 
generally tax non-deductible, except where such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other 
securities in the same year and the income from the sale of the Notes is not tax-exempt. 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes are included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income 
tax at a rate of 19%. Losses from the sale of the Notes realised by Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. 
Czech Tax Non-Residents 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident are subject to taxation in the 
Czech Republic provided that: 
 
the Notes are attributable to a Czech Permanent Establishment of the Czech Tax Non-Resident selling 
these Notes, or 
 
the Notes are acquired by (i) a Czech Tax Resident or (ii) a Czech Tax Non-Resident acquiring the 
Notes through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Therefore, capital gains realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident where the Notes are sold to another Czech Tax 
Non-Resident and where such Notes are attributable to neither (i) a Czech Permanent Establishment of the seller 
nor (ii) a Czech Permanent Establishment of the buyer, are out of scope of Czech taxation. 
(a) 
Individuals 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes that have not formed part of business assets of an individual are generally 
exempt from personal income tax if: 
 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Notes) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Notes which the individual has held for more than three 
years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Notes where a purchase agreement 
is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years from their acquisition is not tax-
exempt). 
If the Notes formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale may still apply but 
only if the Notes are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains (as defined above) from the sale of the Notes realised by an individual are included in the general 
tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15% and 23% depending on individual’s 
applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the average wage amounting to CZK 1,935,552 
in 2023). If an individual has held the Notes in connection with his/her business activities, such gains may also 
be subject to social security and health insurance contributions. Losses from the sale of the Notes realised by an 
individual are generally tax non-deductible, except where such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the 
sales of other securities in the same year and the income from the sale of the Notes is not tax-exempt. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are sold by an individual who is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, a buyer 
acting as a Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 1% of the gross purchase 
price. The buyer will be act as a Withholding Agent if he/she/it is: 
 
a Czech Tax Resident, or 
 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Notes are attributable to his/her/its Czech Permanent 
Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-Resident 
selling the Notes in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally 
refundable). 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes, which are subject to Czech taxation (as defined above), are included in 
the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 19%. Losses from the sale of the Notes 
realised by the Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. However, according to certain interpretations, such 
losses are not tax deductible for a Czech Tax Non-Resident who does not keep its accounting books under the 
Czech accounting rules. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are sold by a Legal Entity which is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, 
a buyer acting as the Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 1% of the 
gross purchase price. The buyer will be acting as a Withholding agent if he/she/it is: 
 
a Czech Tax Resident, or 
 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Notes are attributable to his/her/its Czech Permanent 
Establishment.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-Resident 
selling the Notes in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally 
refundable). 
Benefits under Tax Treaties 
A Tax Treaty may reduce or even fully eliminate Czech taxation of interest income from the Notes or capital 
gains from their sale (including a Tax Security withholding, if applicable). Such Tax Treaty relief is usually 
applicable on the condition that the income recipient who is a Czech Tax Non-Resident does not hold the Notes 
through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. Furthermore, the entitlement to particular Tax Treaty 
benefits is generally conditional on presenting documents proving that the income recipient qualifies for the Tax 
Treaty benefits including, in particular (i) a tax residency certificate issued by the relevant tax authorities and (ii) 
a beneficial ownership declaration of the income recipient. Entitlement to particular Tax Treaty benefits may 
also be conditional on meeting further specific criteria under that Tax Treaty. 
Reporting Obligation 
An individual holding the Notes (whether a Czech Tax Resident or a Czech Tax Non-Resident) is obliged to 
report to the Czech tax authorities any income earned in connection with the Notes if such income is exempt 
from taxation in the Czech Republic and exceeds, in each individual case, CZK 5,000,000. The reporting must 
be fulfilled within the deadline for filing a personal income tax return. A non-compliance with this reporting 
obligation is penalized by a sanction of up to 15% of a gross amount of the unreported income. 
A Withholding Agent (including the Issuer) is obliged to file a formal notification to the relevant Czech tax 
authorities upon making a payment that (i) is subject to the Withholding Tax, (ii) would be subject to the 
Withholding Tax, but is not because the income is tax-exempt or a Tax Treaty prevents taxation of that income 
in the Czech Republic, subject to certain exemptions, or (iii) is subject to withholding of the Tax Security. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Czech value added tax payable in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, or 
in respect of the transfer of the Notes. 
Other taxes or duties 
No registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty is payable 
in the Czech Republic by either the Czech Tax Resident or the Czech Tax Non-Resident in respect of or in 
connection with the mere purchase, holding or disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 19 May 2023, agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under Form of the Notes Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such 
Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance 
with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised, offered, sold or otherwise made available to any Belgian consumer (consument/consommateur) 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code

--- Page 169 ---
169 
de droit économique) dated 28 February 2013, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it 
has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the 
Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has 
not offered or sold the Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell the Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer recorded in the minutes from the meeting of the Board of Directors dated 10 May 2023. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, Listing and Admission to Trading of the Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (MiFIR), 
respectively. 
Notes which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another stock exchange or 
market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Notes listed or admitted to trading on another 
stock exchange or market, if the Issuer ensures that all laws and regulations are complied with including, amongst 
others, any applicable requirements for notifications of competent authorities and other requirements set out in 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and markets. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR100,000 or, where it is a 
Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office 
of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London and, in the case of documents listed under 
paragraphs (a), (b), (d) and (e) also on the Issuer’s website www.jtbank.eu, where they will remain publicly 
available in electronic form for at least ten years after their publication on the relevant websites:  
(a) 
the Founding Deed and Articles of Association of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (drawn up in English or with an English translation thereof), 
in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently 
prepares consolidated and separate financial statements (which are audited) on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
No Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance since 31 December 2022 or the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2022. There has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have had in such a period a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts (excluding contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) 
which are, or may be, material or which contain a provision under which the Issuer or another member of the 
Group has an obligation or entitlement which is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security 
holders in respect of securities to be issued under the Programme. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer, who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without modification, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing as at and for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, are KPMG Česká republika Audit, s.r.o. (the Auditor), members of the Chamber of 
Auditors of the Czech Republic, registration number 71. 
The statutory auditor responsible for the audit of the Issuer’s accounts is Mr. Jindřich Vašina, registration number 
2059. 
The Issuer states that neither the Auditor nor any of its members has any significant interest in the Issuer. In 
connection with this statement, the Issuer especially took into account the Auditor’s potential ownership of 
securities issued by the Issuer, the Auditor’s potential prior participation in any governing bodies of the Issuer, 
and/or the Auditor’s potential affiliation with other entities involved in the Issue. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except as required by any applicable laws 
and regulations.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
INDEX 
€STR ................................................................... 44 
2021 ITA Amendment ...................................... 161 
2022 Banking Act Amendment ......................... 161 
Act on Business Corporations ........................... 130 
ALCO ................................................................ 150 
Alternative Performance Measures ....................... 6 
Alternative Reference Rates ................................ 43 
AMISTA ........................................................... 131 
ARRC .................................................................. 44 
AT 1 .................................................................. 153 
AT1 ..................................................................... 34 
Auditor .............................................................. 172 
Base Prospectus ..................................................... 1 
Basel Committee ................................................. 26 
BCBS ................................................................ 153 
Belgian Consumer ............................................. 169 
Benchmark .......................................................... 42 
Benchmarks ......................................................... 42 
Benchmarks Regulation ...................................... 42 
Benchmarks Regulations ....................................... 1 
Beneficial Owner ........................................ 97, 161 
Beneficial Ownership Information .............. 97, 159 
BRRD .................................................................. 27 
BRRD I ............................................................... 27 
BRRD II .............................................................. 27 
Brussels I Recast ............................................... 124 
CEFC ................................................................. 131 
Certification Procedures .............................. 97, 159 
CNB .................................................................... 16 
CNB Act ............................................................ 152 
Coupon .............................................................. 161 
Coupon Note ..................................................... 161 
COVID-19 ........................................................... 17 
CRA Regulation .................................................... 1 
CRD IV ............................................................... 26 
CRD V ................................................................. 27 
Credit Suisse........................................................ 34 
CRR I .................................................................. 26 
CRR II ................................................................. 27 
CSSF ..................................................................... 1 
Czech Banking Act ........................................... 130 
Czech Capital Market Supervision Act ............. 152 
Czech Capital Markets Act ............................... 130 
Czech Consumer Credit Act .............................. 152 
Czech Financial Benchmark .................................. 1 
Czech Financial Conglomerates Act ................. 152 
Czech Insolvency Act.......................................... 33 
Czech Permanent Establishment ....................... 161 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act ................... 27 
Czech Tax Non-Resident ............................ 97, 161 
Czech Tax Resident ..................................... 97, 161 
Dealer .................................................................... 1 
Dealers .................................................................. 1 
Deed of Covenant ................................................ 53 
Delegated Regulation ............................................ 9 
Deposit Insurance Fund ..................................... 156 
Discount ............................................................ 161 
Discounted Note ................................................ 161 
distributor .............................................................. 4 
Early Redemption Premium ............................. 161 
ECB .................................................................... 44 
ECL..................................................................... 20 
EEA ...................................................................... 1 
Emergency Intervention Proposal ....................... 16 
EMMI ................................................................... 1 
ESG..................................................................... 26 
ESMA ................................................................... 1 
EU ....................................................................... 15 
EU Banking Reform ......................................... 154 
EU Banking Reforms .......................................... 35 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ................................. 1 
EURIBOR ........................................................... 42 
EUWA .................................................................. 1 
EVE .................................................................... 22 
Exchange Event .................................................. 52 
FIEA ................................................................. 168 
Final Terms ........................................................... 1 
Financial Statements ............................................. 5 
FINMA ............................................................... 34 
Fitch .................................................................... 16 
Fixed Rate Notes ................................................ 41 
FSMA ................................................................... 4 
GDPR ................................................................. 30 
Global Note ........................................................ 52 
Group .................................................................... 5 
Hague Convention ............................................ 124 
IFRS ...................................................................... 5 
Income Taxes Act ........................................97, 160 
Insurance Distribution Directive ........................... 4 
Invasion of Ukraine ............................................ 15 
Investor’s Currency ............................................ 47 
ISDA ................................................................... 10 
Issuer..................................................................... 1 
J&T FINANCE GROUP .................................. 141 
J&T IB and Capital Markets ............................... 18 
J&T INVESTIČNÍ SPOLEČNOST.................... 18 
LCR .................................................................... 26 
Legal Entity .................................................97, 161 
listed ..................................................................... 1 
LNG .................................................................... 15 
Luxembourg Law ................................................. 1 
Market Interest Rate ........................................... 41 
MiFID II ............................................................... 1 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ....................... 4 
MiFIR ............................................................... 171 
Moody’s ................................................................ 1 
MPE .................................................................... 27 
MREL ................................................................. 27 
MREL Eligible Liabilities .................................. 60 
MREL Notes ....................................................... 35 
NII ...................................................................... 22 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident........ 161 
Notes ..................................................................... 1 
NSFR .................................................................. 26 
NSS ..................................................................... 52 
OECD ................................................................. 97 
ORDC ............................................................... 150 
Person Related Through Capital ..................97, 161

--- Page 174 ---
174 
PRIBOR ................................................................ 1 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................................. 4 
Programme ............................................................ 1 
Programme Agreement ..................................... 167 
Prospectus Regulation ........................................... 1 
Prudential Rules Decree .................................... 153 
PSE .................................................................... 138 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident ................ 162 
Quick Refund Procedure ................................... 159 
Rating Agency ....................................................... 1 
Regulation S ........................................................ 52 
Relevant Date ...................................................... 98 
relevant Dealer ...................................................... 1 
Relief at Source Procedure ................................ 162 
RWAs ................................................................ 136 
S&P ..................................................................... 16 
Securities Act ........................................................ 1 
SOFR ..................................................................... 1 
SONIA .................................................................. 1 
SPE ..................................................................... 27 
Standard Refund Procedure .............................. 160 
Tax Jurisdictions ................................................. 98 
Tax Relief ....................................................98, 159 
Tax Security .................................................98, 162 
Tax Treaty ...................................................98, 162 
Tier 1 ................................................................ 153 
Tier 2 ................................................................ 153 
Tier 2 Capital ...................................................... 32 
UBS .................................................................... 34 
UK ........................................................................ 1 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ................................. 1 
UK MiFIR ............................................................ 4 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ................. 5 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... 4 
VaR ..................................................................... 22 
Windfall Tax Amendment .................................. 16 
Withholding Agent ........................................... 162 
Withholding Tax ..........................................98, 162

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
ISSUER 
 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
Sokolovská 700/113a 
186 00 Prague 8 
Czech Republic 
 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
J&T BANKA, a.s. 
Sokolovská 700/113a 
186 00 Prague 8 
Czech Republic 
 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Joint Arrangers and Dealers as to English law 
To the Joint Arrangers and Dealers as to Czech law 
White & Case LLP 
White & Case, s.r.o., advokátní kancelář 
5 Old Broad Street 
Na Příkopě 14 
London EC2N 1DW 
110 00 Prague 1 
United Kingdom 
Czech Republic 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Czech law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy (Czech Republic) LLP, 
organizační složka 
One Bishops Square 
Karolinská 7 
London E1 6AD 
186 00 Prague 
United Kingdom 
Czech Republic 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
KPMG Česká republika Audit, s.r.o. 
Pobřežní 648/1a 
186 00 Prague 8 
Czech Republic