--- Page 1 ---
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
_______________________ 
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the "Issuer") has established a programme (the "Programme") under which it may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a "Series") with each Series comprising one or more tranches (each a "Tranche"), outside the United States, with maturities of one month or more from the 
date of issue, which may be denominated in any currency, subject to compliance with applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements and which, other than Exempt Notes, will 
have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  The maximum principal 
amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme may not at any time exceed U.S.$3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), provided that the Issuer reserves the 
right to increase such amount from time to time. The Issuer will prepare final terms ("Final Terms") to complete the Conditions (as defined herein) for each Tranche of Notes 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the Issuer will prepare a pricing supplement (a "Pricing Supplement") to complete and/or amend and/or replace the Conditions.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time, and such appointments may be on an ongoing 
basis or for a specific issue of Notes (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers").  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU (an "EEA Regulated Market") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA"). Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
issued within 12 months of the date hereof, to be admitted to the Official List (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" in Ireland (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market and have been listed on Euronext Dublin. References in this Base Prospectus to "Euronext Dublin" (and all related references) shall mean the regulated market 
of the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme that will be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further EEA Regulated Market(s) as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree.  The relevant Final Terms in respect of any such Series will specify whether or not the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or 
whether the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on any other EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets and/or stock exchanges.  Notes may also be issued 
pursuant to the Programme that will not be admitted to trading on any market, stock exchange or quotation system or that will only be admitted to trading on markets, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems that are not EEA Regulated Markets. The relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of any such Series of Exempt Notes will specify whether 
or not the relevant Exempt Notes will be admitted to trading on any non-EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets, stock exchanges, and/or quotation systems. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a global note ("Global Note") or by one or more individual note certificates 
("Individual Note Certificates"). A Global Note will be registered in the name of, and a certificate in respect of the Global Note (a "Global Note Certificate") will be registered 
on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes in the name of (i) a common safekeeper (a "Common Safekeeper") (if the Global Note is intended to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure (the "NSS")) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or any other clearing 
system located outside the United States and its possessions, specified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (each, an "Alternative Clearing System" and each of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and any Alternative Clearing System being a "Relevant Clearing System") or (ii) a common depositary (a "Common Depositary") (if the Global 
Note is intended to be a classic global note) on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System. Beneficial interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
only in accordance with its terms. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in 
the EEA and/or offered to the public other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
There are risks related to an investment in the Notes, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. See the risk factors affecting the Issuer and its business 
in the Issuer's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and any updates to those risk factors 
or new risk factors contained in the Issuer's subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with 
the SEC, all of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See the "Risk Factors" section beginning on page 6 of this Base Prospectus for risk factors 
related to the Notes and the market generally. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and, except as stated under "Subscription and Sale", may not be offered, sold, or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States, its territories, its possessions, and other areas subject to its jurisdiction (the "United States") or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act).  
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the base prospectus dated 2 November 2023, as supplemented from time to time, in respect of the Programme. 
_______________________
Arranger and Dealer 
Jefferies 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 November 2024

--- Page 2 ---
ii
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.   
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and declares that the information included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers or any Dealer.  
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, Citibank N.A., London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent and paying 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent") or Citibank Europe plc in its capacities as registrar (the "Registrar") and 
transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent" and together with the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the "Agents") have 
separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty, or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
the Agents as to the accuracy or completeness of the information included or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement or any 
other information provided by the Issuer. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents accept any 
liability in relation to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No responsibility is accepted by the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or the Agents or any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents for any act or omission of 
the Issuer, or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of 
any Notes. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor of any information coming to their attention.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplements, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall, in any circumstances, imply that the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that there has not been any change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any material adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries since the date hereof.  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase any Notes. Each investor should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents to any person to subscribe for, or purchase, 
any Notes.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents represents that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Agents which would 
permit a public offering of any Notes outside the EEA or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in

--- Page 3 ---
iii
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the Dealers have represented that all offers and 
sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possessions this Base Prospectus or any 
Notes come must inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the EEA, the UK, Ireland, France, Italy, Japan, Hong Kong and Singapore. The Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act and, subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  
Credit ratings in respect of the Issuer have been issued by Fitch Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch"), Moody's Investors 
Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P") (together, the "Rating 
Agencies"). The Issuer has a long-term debt rating of BBB+ from Fitch, Baa2 from Moody's and BBB 
from S&P. Each Tranche of Notes may or may not be rated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation.  
AS OF THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, NONE OF THE RATING AGENCIES ARE 
ESTABLISHED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
REGULATION (EC) NO. 1060/2009 (AS AMENDED, THE "EU CRA REGULATION"). RATINGS 
ISSUED BY FITCH HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY FITCH RATINGS IRELAND LIMITED ("FITCH 
EU"), WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE 
EU CRA REGULATION. RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY 
MOODY'S DEUTSCHLAND GMBH ("MOODY'S EU"), WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE EU CRA REGULATION. RATINGS 
ISSUED BY S&P HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY S&P GLOBAL RATINGS EUROPE LIMITED ("S&P 
EU"), WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE 
EU CRA REGULATION. EACH OF FITCH EU, MOODY'S EU AND S&P EU IS REGISTERED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU CRA REGULATION AND, AS SUCH, THE RATINGS ISSUED BY 
FITCH, MOODY'S AND S&P MAY BE USED FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES IN THE EUROPEAN 
UNION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU CRA REGULATION. THE LATEST UPDATE OF THE 
LIST OF CREDIT RATING AGENCIES REGISTERED UNDER THE EU CRA REGULATION IS 
PUBLISHED ON THE EUROPEAN SECURITIES AND MARKETS AUTHORITY'S ("ESMA") 
WEBSITE. 
AS OF THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, NONE OF THE RATING AGENCIES ARE 
ESTABLISHED IN THE UK AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER REGULATION (EC) 
NO. 1060/2009 AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN 
UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED, THE "EUWA") (AS AMENDED, THE "UK 
CRA REGULATION"). RATINGS ISSUED BY FITCH HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY FITCH 
RATINGS LTD ("FITCH UK"), WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE UK AND IS REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UK CRA REGULATION. RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S HAVE BEEN ENDORSED 
BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE LTD ("MOODY'S UK"), WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE 
UK AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE UK CRA REGULATION. RATINGS ISSUED BY S&P 
HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY S&P GLOBAL RATINGS UK LIMITED ("S&P UK"), WHICH IS 
ESTABLISHED IN THE UK AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE UK CRA REGULATION. EACH 
OF FITCH UK, MOODY'S UK AND S&P UK IS REGISTERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE UK 
CRA REGULATION AND, AS SUCH, THE RATINGS ISSUED BY FITCH, MOODY'S AND S&P 
MAY BE USED FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES IN THE UK IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE UK 
CRA REGULATION. THE LATEST UPDATE OF THE LIST OF CREDIT RATING AGENCIES 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UK CRA REGULATION IS PUBLISHED ON THE UK FINANCIAL 
CONDUCT AUTHORITY'S ("FCA") WEBSITE. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS OR, 
IN THE CASE OF EXEMPT NOTES, THE RELEVANT PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY 
OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE

--- Page 4 ---
iv
MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL.  HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.  
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES.  ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR 
OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISING 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
Nothing herein should be considered to impose on the recipient of this Base Prospectus any limitation on 
disclosure of the tax treatment or tax structure of the transactions or matters described herein. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references to 
"U.S.$" or "dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States, all references to "£" and "pounds
sterling" are to the lawful currency of the UK, all references to "€", "EUR" and "euro" are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended (the "Treaty"), all references to "Japanese 
Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, all references to "Australian dollars" are to the lawful currency 
of Australia and all references to "New Zealand dollars" are to the lawful currency of New Zealand.  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to

--- Page 5 ---
v
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, an EU distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
UK manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATIONS – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes will indicate whether or 
not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the FCA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required 
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement). The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the Pricing Supplement) to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), unless 
otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products

--- Page 6 ---
vi
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes may not be suitable for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the 
suitability of an investment in any Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information included or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way for 
potential investors to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes that are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 7 ---
vii
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference "forward-looking statements". Forward-
looking statements include statements about the Issuer's future and statements that are not historical 
facts. These forward-looking statements are usually preceded by the words "believe", "intend", "may", 
"will", or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may contain expectations regarding 
revenues, earnings, operations and other financial projections, and may include statements of future 
performance, plans and objectives. Forward-looking statements also include statements pertaining to 
the Issuer's strategies for future development of its business and products. Forward-looking statements 
represent only the Issuer's belief regarding future events, many of which by their nature are inherently 
uncertain. It is possible that the actual results may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated 
results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Information regarding important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those in the Issuer's forward-looking 
statements is included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and other documents the 
Issuer files. Investors should read and interpret any forward-looking statement together with these 
documents, including the following: 
● 
the description of the Issuer's business under Item 1. "Business" in the Form 10-K incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
● 
the risk factors under Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in the Forms 10-K and 10-Q incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and under the heading "Risk Factors" beginning on page 6; 
● 
the discussions of the Issuer's analysis of financial condition and results of operations under 
Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations" in the Form 10-K and Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations " in the Form 10-Q, in each case incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
● 
the discussion of the Issuer's risk management policies, procedures and methodologies under 
the caption "Risk Management" included within Item 7. "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Form 10-K and Item 2. 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in 
the Form 10-Q, in each case incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
● 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q, in each 
case incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
● 
cautionary statements the Issuer makes in its public documents, reports and announcements. 
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made. The Issuer 
will not update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the 
date on which the statement is made, except as required by applicable law.

--- Page 8 ---
viii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................ 1
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 6
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE...................................................................... 13
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 16
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................... 18
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 77
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................... 97
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..... 117
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................... 121
JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. ......................................................................................... 122
UNITED STATES TAXATION ...................................................................................................... 129
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................... 132
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 139

--- Page 9 ---
1
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. Words and expressions 
defined in "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" herein, respectively, shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") 
of the Issuer: 
549300HOF34RGOJ5YL07. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Notes. 
Arrangers: 
Jefferies LLC and Jefferies International Limited.  
Dealers: 
Jefferies LLC, Jefferies International Limited and any other 
dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other entity or entities 
as may be appointed under the Agency Agreement. 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc. 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank Europe Plc. 
Calculation Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other entity or entities 
as may be appointed in relation to any Tranche of Notes. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. 
Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S.$3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies), provided that the Issuer reserves the right to 
increase such amount from time to time, in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale"). 
Currencies: 
Notes may be issued in any currency, subject to compliance 
with applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. Each 
issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time.  See "Subscription 
and Sale" herein. 
Redenomination: 
The relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement may provide that certain Notes 
may be redenominated in euro.  
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or at a premium over, par. 
Maturities: 
Notes may be of any maturity, subject to a minimum maturity 
of one month, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or, in any case, such other minimum or maximum

--- Page 10 ---
2
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or to Notes denominated in 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in registered form. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a Global 
Note or by one or more Individual Note Certificates. A Global 
Note will be registered in the name of, and the Global Note 
Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes to (i) a Common Safekeeper (if the 
Global Note is intended to be held under the NSS) for the 
Relevant Clearing System or (ii) a Common Depositary (if the 
Global Note is intended to be a classic global note) on behalf of 
the Relevant Clearing System. Beneficial interests in a Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, save that:  
(i) 
the minimum denomination of all Notes issued with an 
original maturity of 183 days or less from the Issue 
Date shall be U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent in the 
currency of issue);  
(ii) 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and  
(iii) 
the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Note is 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption or repayment, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement). 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest which will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement and upon redemption or maturity and will 
be calculated on such basis as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 11 ---
3
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on 
the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, and as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series), or on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement).  
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each series of 
Floating Rate Notes (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement). Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period will be payable on the first business day of the 
next Interest Period and on redemption or repayment, and will 
be calculated using the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
If the Issuer determines that a benchmark discontinuance event 
has occurred, then the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and using reasonable endeavours, determine an 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Rate 
and Spread Adjustment. See Condition 6 for further 
information. 
Interest Periods for Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Such period(s) as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum rate of interest, 
a minimum rate of interest or both. Unless otherwise stated in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
Pricing Supplement, the minimum rate of interest for any 
Interest Period shall be deemed to be zero. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Range Accrual Notes: 
The interest payable on Notes that include a 'range accrual' 
feature will be linked to the daily movement of one or more 
floating interest rates.

--- Page 12 ---
4
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount or at par and will not bear interest other 
than in the case of late payment. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions and this 
general description of the Programme, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement will indicate whether Notes may 
be redeemed early for taxation reasons or following an Event 
of Default or at the option of the Issuer (an "Issuer Call") or at 
the option of the Issuer if the principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes falls below a specified percentage ("Clean-up Call") 
and/or the Noteholders (an "Investor Put") upon giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days irrevocable notice (or such 
other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified and at a price or prices and on 
such terms as are indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Status: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu
and rateably without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist under 
applicable law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will include a negative pledge as 
described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will include a cross-default provision 
relating to indebtedness in excess of U.S.$50,000,000 as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Withholding Tax: 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of United States 
withholding taxes, save as set out in Condition 11 (Taxation). 
In that event, the Issuer will, subject to certain exceptions, pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect 
of such Notes had no such deduction been required. 
Listing: 
Applications have been or will be made for Notes (other than 
Exempt Notes) to be admitted during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on its regulated market. Notes may also 
be issued on the basis that they will be listed and admitted to 
trading on such other or further EEA Regulated Market(s) as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  The relevant 
Final Terms in respect of any such Series will specify whether 
or not the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on

--- Page 13 ---
5
Euronext Dublin or whether the relevant Notes will be admitted 
to trading on any other EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on 
which markets and/or stock exchanges.  Notes may also be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to trading on 
any market, stock exchange or quotation system or that they 
will only be admitted to trading on markets, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems that are not EEA Regulated Markets. 
The relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of any such Series 
of Exempt Notes will specify whether or not the relevant 
Exempt Notes will be admitted to trading on any non-EEA 
Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets, stock 
exchanges, and/or quotation systems. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, including any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes, will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
distribution of the Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material to certain persons in the United States, the EEA, the 
UK, Ireland, France, Italy, Japan, Hong Kong and Singapore, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 14 ---
6
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the 
risks highlighted below could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, financial 
condition or prospects of the Issuer, which, in turn, could cause the Issuer's future results to be 
materially different from expected results and could have a material adverse effect on the amount of 
principal and interest which investors will receive in respect of the Notes. In addition, each of the risks 
highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights of investors under 
the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
The factors discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all 
potential risks and uncertainties the Issuer's businesses face. The Issuer believes that the factors 
described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes for other reasons (including risks of which it is not currently aware) and the 
Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are 
exhaustive. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Investors should note 
that they bear the Issuer's solvency risk. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1.  
Risks related to the Issuer 
Prospective investors should consider the risk factors affecting the Issuer and its business in the Issuer's 
latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, and any updates to those risk factors or new 
risk factors contained in the Issuer's subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on 
Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, all of which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
2.  
Risks related to the Notes
A.  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. Some of these Notes may have features 
that contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such 
features: 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates during 
the life of the Fixed Rate Notes could result in the rate of interest for the time being payable under the 
terms of the Fixed Rate Notes becoming relatively less attractive and may thereby adversely affect the 
value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged 
to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assess within the United States or any political subdivision

--- Page 15 ---
7
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Issuer may also be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Range Accrual Notes 
If the Notes include a 'range accrual' feature ("Range Accrual Notes"), interest will only be paid if the 
level of the floating interest rate(s) (or the spread between two floating interest rates) on the relevant 
observation date(s) is at or above one or more specific lower barrier(s) and, if applicable, also at or 
below one or more specific upper barrier(s), in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. It is possible that such level(s) of the 
floating interest rate(s) on the relevant observation date(s) will not be at or above the lower barrier(s) 
or, if applicable, not be within the range during the relevant interest determination period, and, therefore, 
no interest will be payable on the relevant interest payment date. This means that the amount of interest 
payable to investors over the term of the Range Accrual Notes may vary and could even be zero. 
B.  
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme 
Modification and waiver
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including holders that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders that voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority.  The Conditions also provide that the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, may, 
without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of any of the provisions of Notes and the 
Deed of Covenant to correct a manifest error. As a result, investors may be bound by the result of a vote 
that they voted against or for which they did not vote. 
Market making and resale of the Notes 
Affiliates of the Issuer, including the Arrangers and Dealers, may make a market in any Series of Notes. 
However, they are not obligated to make a market in the Notes and any market making may be 
discontinued at any time at the sole discretion of such affiliates without notice. Any resale within the 
United States by any such affiliate of the Issuer of any Notes so acquired must be made pursuant to 
exemptions from, or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to FATCA  
The Issuer may, under certain circumstances, be required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations promulgated thereunder 
("FATCA") to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on payments of interest on the Notes to foreign 
financial institutions unless the payee foreign financial institution agrees, among other things, to 
disclose the identity of certain U.S. account holders at the institution (or the institution's affiliates) and 
to annually report certain information about such accounts.  Payments of the foregoing amounts made 
to certain non-financial foreign entities that do not disclose certain information about any substantial

--- Page 16 ---
8
U.S. owners (or certify that they do not have any substantial U.S. owners) may also be subject to 
withholding at the rate of 30 per cent. under FATCA. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal 
or other payments on the Notes as a result of a holder's failure to comply with FATCA, none of the 
Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes be required 
to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. 
Reliance upon clearing systems
Notes may be represented by one or more Global Notes, which will be deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, a "Clearing System").  The relevant Clearing System will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant Clearing System.  While the Notes are represented by one 
or more Global Note, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for the Clearing Systems for distribution to 
their account holders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System to receive payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by the relevant Clearing System to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, holders of beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under 
the Deed of Covenant. 
Change of law
The Notes and all related contractual documentation and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or connected therewith are governed by English law. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value 
of any investments affected by it. 
3.  
Risks related to the market generally
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued 
to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile 
market in such Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. Further, if the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their 
initial offering price, depending upon, amongst other factors, currency exchange rates, prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition 
of the Issuer.   
Although application has been made for the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its 
regulated market, there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular

--- Page 17 ---
9
Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there 
is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any Tranche of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. For investors whose 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency (the "Investor's Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency, an investment in the Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with 
a similar investment in a security denominated in that Investor's Currency. Such risks include, without 
limitation, the possibility of significant changes in the rate of exchange between the Specified Currency 
and the Investor's Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls 
by the country of the Specified Currency or the Investor's Currency. Depreciation of the Specified 
Currency against the Investor's Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor's Currency 
equivalent yield on a Note denominated in that Specified Currency, in the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable at maturity of such Note and generally in the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of such Note. An appreciation of the Specified Currency against the 
Investor's Currency would have the opposite effect. In addition, depending on the specific terms of a 
Note denominated in, or the payment of which is related to the value of, one or more foreign currencies, 
changes in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies involved may result in a decrease of such 
Note's effective yield and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss of all or a substantial portion 
of the principal of a Note to the investor. 
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose or modify, exchange 
controls which could adversely affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified foreign 
currency at the time of payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on a Note. Even if there are 
no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note may not 
be available when payments on such Note are due. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor's Currency. 
Rating
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to Notes issued under the Programme 
and/or the Issuer.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes or the standing of the Issuer.  A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  Any 
adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
third country non-EEA rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-UK rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country rating agency that is certified in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a

--- Page 18 ---
10
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes 
in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling their Notes, which may impact the 
value of the Notes in the secondary market. 
The relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement will disclose 
whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks", including EURIBOR, the CMS Rate and other interest 
rate benchmarks may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to be 
discontinued, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Constant Maturity Swap Rate ("CMS Rate") and 
other interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
European Union and the UK, respectively. The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, as applicable, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities or UK-supervised 
entities, as applicable, (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark" rate or index. In particular, the 
methodology or other terms of a "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the terms of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
In order to address the effect of any such discontinuance of any reference rates, the Conditions include 
certain fallback provisions. These provisions apply to "Relevant Rates Benchmarks" (which will include 
EURIBOR, other similar interbank rates and any CMS Rate). The fallback provisions will be triggered 
if the Issuer determines that (i) the administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory 
body) in connection with such Relevant Rates Benchmark announces that the administrator has ceased 
or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, (ii) the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark ceases to be published for a period of at least five Business days or ceases to exist, or 
(iii) unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to such Relevant Rates 
Benchmark.

--- Page 19 ---
11
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Issuer may replace the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
with any "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" which has been specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement or if no Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, with an alternative rate that is consistent with accepted market practice 
for debt obligations such as the Notes. If an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate is used then the Issuer may also make other adjustments to the Notes, including to the 
new rate and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market practice. If the Issuer is unable 
to identify an alternative rate and determine the necessary adjustments to the terms of the Notes then 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes. 
In addition, if in the Floating Rate Notes, (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rates ("SOFR") is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
as the applicable Reference Rate and ARRC Fallbacks is specified as being applicable in such Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) when a Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the original Reference Rate and (ii) the Issuer 
determines on or prior to the Relevant Time on an Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to such 
original Reference Rate, the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement to replace the original 
Reference Rate in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described more fully in 
Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation and Rate Transition). The selection of a Benchmark 
Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the Issuer in connection with 
implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in accordance with the 
benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect the 
return on, value of and market for such Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of 
any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the original Reference Rate, or that any Benchmark 
Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on 
such Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 6(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation and Rate Transition), provides for a "waterfall" of alternative rates to be used to 
determine the rate of interest on the relevant Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date occur. Such alternative rates, referenced in the definition of "Benchmark 
Replacement" in Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation and Rate Transition), are uncertain. In 
particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of 
a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date, was recently published. 
However, the ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. The substitution of 
a Benchmark Replacement for SOFR may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Noteholder's investment 
in the Notes. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and commercially reasonable manner, 
may determine that a spread adjustment is required to be applied to the successor rate. Any such 
adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to 
the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, that any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Noteholder.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for the Notes  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), SOFR and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their

--- Page 20 ---
12
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous SONIA, SOFR or €STR referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number of 
material respects, including (without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated 
on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered 
rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based 
on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and other interbank offered 
rates and any risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, 
in contrast to EURIBOR-linked Notes, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
become due and payable under Condition 12 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a 
date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. In addition, the manner of adoption 
or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such 
risk-free rates. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely 
used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be 
lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
13
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with Euronext Dublin or approved by the Central Bank, shall 
be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(i)
the Issuer's annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on 26 January 2024, 
including: 

the consolidated statements of financial condition as of 30 November 2023 and 30 
November 2022; and 

the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in 
equity and cash flows for the year ended 30 November 2023 and the year ended 30 
November 2022, 
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
of America, as in effect from time to time ("GAAP") and available at: 
https://ir.jefferies.com/financials/sec-filings/sec-filings-
details/default.aspx?FilingId=17212013; 
(ii)
the Issuer's unaudited quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 31 August 2024 
as filed with the SEC on 9 October 2024, including: 

the consolidated statements of financial condition as of 31 August 2024 and 30 August 
2023; and 

the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in 
equity and cash flows for the period ended 31 August 2024 and 31 August 2023,  
prepared in accordance with GAAP and available at: https://ir.jefferies.com/financials/sec-
filings/sec-filings-details/default.aspx?FilingId=17888185;  
(iii)
the Issuer's current filing reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on the following dates 
prepared in accordance with GAAP (collectively, the "Current Reports on Form 8-K"): 

28 June 2023, in relation to a special meeting of shareholders of the Issuer in connection 
with the amendment and restatement of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the 
Issuer 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/96223/000095015723000715/form
8-k.htm; 

30 June 2023, in relation to the amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the 
Issuer 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/96223/000095015723000727/form
8-k.htm; and 

29 March 2024, in relation to the annual meeting of shareholders of the Issuer and 
available 
at 
https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/96223/000119312524082084/d802
120d8k.htm. 
(iv)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 30 
April 2015 in respect of the U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-

--- Page 22 ---
14
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_27a81d2f-df77-451d-8884-
a88c80f2a1f0.PDF?v=322016;  
(v)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 29 
April 2016 in respect of the U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_399dd887-91d4-4a56-88e3-
eee21791aa6c.PDF; 
(vi)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 28 
April 2017 in respect of the U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+28.04_29058732-61fd-4c7b-b6d9-
8d353000e751.PDF; 
(vii)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 18 
June 2018 in respect of the U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9a302393-946b-4be5-9c78-
0d6b6830548c.PDF;  
(viii)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 5 
July 2019 in respect of the U.S. $2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_71cfbe47-cc1d-46c7-921f-
4f55abb2a6f0.PDF;  
(ix)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 13 
July 2020 in respect of the U.S. $2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_19ee6839-9f45-4a7a-a967-
0ea75ed8e9e0.PDF;  
(x)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 14 
July 2021 in respect of the U.S. $2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202107/c2d0b422-d1a2-4d8e-93b7-6f00a311229d.PDF; 
(xi)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 2 
November 2022 in respect of the U.S. $2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme and available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202211/ad6a5180-73ac-4bc0-b4c9-23eb0e93dbe8.PDF; and 
(xii)
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of Jefferies Group LLC dated 2 
November 2023 in respect of the U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme and available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202311/cc465357-e77a-4180-847a-dc787be32bdc.pdf. 
Any documents incorporated by reference in the documents referred to above do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent in London, 13th Floor, Citigroup

--- Page 23 ---
15
Centre, Canada Square, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting 
the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
16
FORM OF THE NOTES  
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a Global Note or by Individual Note Certificates. 
A Global Note will be registered in the name of, and the Global Note Certificate will be delivered on 
or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes to (i) a Common Safekeeper (if the Global 
Note is intended to be held under the NSS) for the Relevant Clearing System or (ii) a Common 
Depositary (if the Global Note is intended to be a classic global note) on behalf of the Relevant Clearing 
System. Beneficial interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates, 
represented by Individual Note Certificates only in limited circumstances, as further described in the 
Conditions. 
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies 
the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will at all times be in the form 
of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
Global Certificate exchangeable for Individual Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies 
the form of Notes as being "Global Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will initially be in the form of a Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note", then 
if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered 
holder of the Global Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons 
in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each 
such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete, or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement which completes and/or amends and/or 
replaces, those terms and conditions.

--- Page 25 ---
17
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it represented by Individual Note Certificates to the extent 
described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 26 ---
18
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  The terms 
and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it represented by Individual Note Certificates to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to U.S.$3,500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
notes outstanding at any one time.  References herein to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended). 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). Each Tranche of Exempt Notes is the subject of a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, 
completes and/or amends and/or replaces these Conditions.  The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement (as applicable), the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) 
shall prevail. 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement dated 1 November 2024 
(as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, up to and including the Issue Date of any Notes, 
the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe Plc as registrar, (the "Registrar" which expression 
includes any successor or additional registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), 
the paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes) the transfer agent named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and Citibank N.A., London Branch as calculation agent (the "Calculation 
Agent", which expression includes any successor or additional calculation agent appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
Notes are constituted by an amended and restated deed of covenant dated 1 November 2024 (the "Deed 
of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer.  The Deed of Covenant provides for certain arrangements in 
the event that a Global Note (as defined therein) becomes void in accordance with its terms. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement.  Copies of the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement are available for 
viewing at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and copies may be obtained from such office save 
that, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a holder 
of the Notes (individually a "Noteholder" and together, the "Noteholders") holding one or more Notes 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity.

--- Page 27 ---
19
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are subject to their 
detailed provisions.  The Noteholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant (i) are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written 
request to the Fiscal Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
Fiscal Agent). 
1.
Interpretation
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Amortisation Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Business Day" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business 
Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Convention"
or 
"Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after

--- Page 28 ---
20
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that:
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Capital Lease Obligation" means, at any time any determination thereof is made, the 
amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be so required 
to be capitalised on the balance sheet in accordance with GAAP; 
"Capital Stock", as applied to the stock of any corporation, means the capital stock of 
every class whether now or hereafter authorised, regardless of whether such capital 
stock shall be limited to a fixed sum or percentage with respect to the rights of the 
holders thereof to participate in dividends and in the distribution of assets upon the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such corporation;  
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of the United States (as amended) and the 
regulations thereunder; 
"Consolidated Net Worth" means, with respect to any Person, the sum of (i) the 
consolidated equity of the members or common stockholders of such Person and its 
Subsidiaries plus (ii) the respective amounts reported on such Person's balance sheet 
with respect to any series of preferred stock (other than Disqualified Stock) that by its 
terms is not entitled to the payment of dividends unless such dividends may be declared 
and paid only out of net earnings in respect of the year of such declaration and payment, 
but only to the extent of any cash received by such Person upon issuance of such 
preferred stock; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in

--- Page 29 ---
21
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means  the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 30 ---
22
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means  the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2







360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 31 ---
23
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
"Disqualified Stock" means any Capital Stock which by its terms (or by the terms of 
any security into which it is convertible of for which it is exchangeable), or upon the 
happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking 
fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole 
or in part, on or prior to the final date of maturity of the relevant series of Notes; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Default)" means the redemption amount (if any) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
"Exempt Notes" has the meaning given to it above; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"GAAP" means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America, as in effect from time to time; 
"Guarantee" means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments 
for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner 
(including, without limitation, letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in 
respect thereof), or all or any part of any Indebtedness; 
"Hedging Obligations" means, with respect to any Person, the Obligations of such 
Person under interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements, and interest 
rate collar agreements, and other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such 
Person against fluctuations in interest rates; 
"Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person, any indebtedness of such Person, 
whether or not contingent, in respect of borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, notes, 
debentures of similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in 
respect thereof) or representing Capital Lease Obligations or the balance deferred and 
unpaid of the purchase price of any property or representing any Hedging Obligations, 
except any such balance that constitutes an accrued expense or trade payable, if and to 
the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness (other than letters of credit and Hedging 
Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared

--- Page 32 ---
24
in accordance with GAAP, and also includes, to the extent not otherwise included, the 
Guarantee of any indebtedness of such Person or any other Person; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of such 
dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended, 
supplemented and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.), as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(as amended, supplemented and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Lien" means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, or other 
encumbrance of any kind, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under 
applicable law; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 33 ---
25
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries if 
the Issuer's or any of the Subsidiaries' investments in such Subsidiary at the date of the 
determination thereof, represents more than 5 per cent. of the Issuer's Consolidated Net 
Worth as shown in, and calculated by reference to, the last financial statements 
(consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, provided that in the case 
of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer relate for the purpose of 
applying the foregoing test, the reference to the Issuer's latest audited consolidated 
financial statements shall be deemed to be a reference to such financial statements as 
if such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant 
financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors for the time being 
after consultation with the Issuer; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Non-United States Person" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is not a United 
States Person and that is not a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes; 
"Noteholder", has the meaning given in Condition 2(b) (Title); 
"Obligations" 
means 
any 
principal, 
premium, 
interest, 
penalties, 
fees, 
indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable under the 
documentation governing and Indebtedness; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 34 ---
26
"Payment Business Day" has the meaning given in Condition 10(d) (Payments on 
Business Days);  
"Permitted Liens" means (a) Liens in favour of the Issuer; (b) Liens on any shares of 
Voting Stock of any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer (and any extensions, renewals or replacements 
thereof); (c) Liens to secure the performance of statutory obligations, surety or appeal 
bonds, performance bonds or other Obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary 
course of business; (d) mechanics', materialmen's, workmen's, repairmen's, 
warehousemen's and carrier's liens arising in the ordinary course of business; 
(e) easements, rights of way and other similar restrictions that do not materially 
adversely affect the use and enjoyment of the property subject thereto or affected 
thereby and (f) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that are 
not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
promptly instituted and diligently concluded, provided, that any reserve or appropriate 
provision as shall be required in conformity with generally accepted accounting 
principles shall have been made therefore; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, association, trust, organisation, state or agency of a 
state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Pricing Supplement" has the meaning given to it above;  
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that:
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by 
any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Range Accrual Factor" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 (Range Accrual 
Note Provisions); 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in

--- Page 35 ---
27
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, and in the case of CMS Rate Notes, is 
the CMS Reference Rate, subject as provided in Condition 6(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation and Rate Transition) (as applicable); 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in relation to the Notes; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive 
period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date fails other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the 
amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to

--- Page 36 ---
28
change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution;
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Subsidiary" means a corporation more than 50 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer or by one or more other 
Subsidiaries, or by the Issuer and one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of 
this definition, "voting stock" means stock which ordinarily has voting power for the 
election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has 
such voting power by reason of any contingency; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended;  
"United States" means the United States of America, which includes only the States 
and the District of Columbia; 
"United States Person" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for United States 
federal income tax purposes: 
(i) 
any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
(ii) 
any corporation, partnership or other entity treated as a corporation or 
partnership created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or 
any political subdivision thereof; 
(iii) 
any estate if the income of such estate falls within the federal income tax 
jurisdiction of United States regardless of the source of such income; and 
(iv) 
any trust if a United States court is able to exercise primary supervision over 
its administration and one or more United States persons have the authority to 
control all of its substantial decisions or the trust elects under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations to be treated as a United States person; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"Voting Stock" means any class or classes of Capital Stock pursuant to which the 
holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at 
least a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees of any Person

--- Page 37 ---
29
(irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any other class or classes shall have 
or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency); and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Interpretation
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement (as applicable) gives no such meaning 
or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2.
Form, Denomination and Title
(a) 
Denomination
Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Title
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each 
Holder of Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered 
in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Ownership
The Holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder.  No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 38 ---
30
(d) 
Transfers
Subject to Conditions 2(g) (Closed Periods) and 2(h) (Regulations Concerning 
Transfers and Registration) below, a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the 
relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the 
Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence 
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to 
prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed 
the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Note may not be transferred unless the 
principal amount of Notes transferred and (where not all of the Notes held by a Holder 
are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Notes represented by the surrendered Note 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Registration and Delivery of Note Certificates
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with 
Condition 2(d) (Transfers) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question 
and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Notes transferred 
to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified 
Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) 
by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the 
purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this Condition 2(e), "business day" means a day 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(f) 
No Charge
The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(g) 
Closed Periods
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
(h) 
Regulations Concerning Transfers and Registration
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar.  A copy 
of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
3.
Status of the Notes
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.

--- Page 39 ---
31
4.
Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, issue, incur, assume 
or Guarantee any Indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a Lien (other than Permitted 
Liens) upon any shares of the Voting Stock of a Material Subsidiary without effectively 
providing that the Notes (and if the Issuer so elects, any other indebtedness of the Issuer ranking 
on a parity with the Notes) shall be secured equally and rateably with, or prior to, any such 
secured Indebtedness so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding. 
5.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a) 
Application
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest, 
subject, if applicable, to the application of the Range Accrual Factor if the Range 
Accrual Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments), as 
applicable. Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall, 
subject, if applicable, to the application of the Range Accrual Factor if the Range 
Accrual Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination.  If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement specify the Range Accrual Note Provisions as being applicable, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be 
the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount multiplied by the Range Accrual Factor and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination multiplied by the Range 
Accrual Factor. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
and, if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specify the Range Accrual Note Provisions as being applicable, by the 
Range Accrual Factor, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the

--- Page 40 ---
32
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and further multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a) 
Application
Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest, subject, if applicable, to the application of the Range Accrual Factor 
if the Range Accrual Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate
If Screen Rate Determination and Term Rate are both specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies the Reference 
Rate as being "EURIBOR" for a specified period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition), on the following 
basis: 
(i)
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the published rate for the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for the period specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, plus or 
minus the Margin (if any).  
(ii)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or no published rate for EURIBOR 
for the period specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, appears at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, having regard to prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Issuer may determine the

--- Page 41 ---
33
relevant Rate of Interest in accordance with these provisions of this Condition 
6(c) by reference to either or both of the following methods: 
(A)
the Rate of Interest may be the rate formally recommended for use 
by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the supervisor or 
competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any 
such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; and
(B)
the Rate of Interest may be the Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator. 
(iii)
Where the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to EURIBOR in 
accordance with the above provisions of this Condition 6(c), if the Notes 
become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of Default), 
the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) 
the previous Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to 
apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 6(b) (Accrual of Interest). 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate
(i) Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate – Non-Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and where the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement also specify: 
(i) the Calculation Method as Compounded Daily Rate and (ii) Index Determination as 
being "Not Applicable", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition), as applicable and as 
provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus the applicable 
Margin (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement), where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with 
the applicable Reference Rate – being either SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, and further described below – as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the relevant following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
Observation Shift 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 42 ---
34
where: 
"D" 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;
"d" 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Observation Period;
"do" 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in such Observation Period;
"i" 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Observation Period to (and including) the 
last Relevant Business Day in such Observation Period;
"Relevant 
Business Day" 
means: 
(a)
if "SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;  
(b)
if "SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or 
(c)
if €STR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, a T2 Settlement Day;
"ni" 
for any Relevant Business Day "i" in a relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Relevant Business Day "i" to (but excluding) 
the following Relevant Business Day;
"Observation 
Period" 
means, in respect of a relevant Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" Relevant Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date which is "p" Relevant Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Relevant Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
"p" 
means, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days specified as the Observation Shift Period in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, 
five Relevant Business Days), such number being no less than 
five Relevant Business Days, unless otherwise agreed between 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 43 ---
35
"r" 
means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day: 
(a)
if "SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, the 
applicable SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; or  
(b)
if "SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate the 
applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; or  
(c)
if "€STR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate the 
applicable €STR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; and
"ri" 
means, for any Relevant Business Day, the applicable SONIA 
rate, SOFR rate or €STR rate (as applicable) as set out in the 
definition of "r" above in respect of such Relevant Business 
Day.
Lag
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
where: 
"D" 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;
"d" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period;
"do" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;
"i" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Interest Period to (and including) the last 
Relevant Business Day in such Interest Period;

--- Page 44 ---
36
"Relevant 
Business Day" 
means: 
(a)
if "SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;  
(b)
if "SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or 
(c)
if "€STR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement s the applicable Reference Rate, a T2 
Settlement Day;
"ni" 
for any Relevant Business Day "i" in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day "i" to (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day;
"p" 
means the number of Relevant Business Days included in the 
Lag Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
(or, if no such number is specified, five Relevant Business 
Days), such number being no less than five Relevant Business 
Days, unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent;
"r" 
means,  in respect of any Relevant Business Day: 
(a)
if "SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, the 
applicable SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; or  
(b)
if "SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, the 
applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; or  
(c)
if "€STR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, the 
applicable €STR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; and
"ri-pBD" 
means, for any Relevant Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, the applicable SONIA rate, SOFR rate or €STR

--- Page 45 ---
37
rate (as applicable) as set out in the definition of "r" above in 
respect of the Relevant Business Day falling "p" Relevant 
Business Days prior to the applicable Relevant Business Day 
"i".
Lock-out 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑
where: 
"D" 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;
"d" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period;
"do" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in such Interest Period;
"i" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Interest Period to (and including) the last 
Relevant Business Day in such Interest Period;
"ni" 
for any Relevant Business Day "i" in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day;
"r" 
means:  
(a)
in respect of any Relevant Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, (if "SONIA" is specified in relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate) the applicable SONIA rate in respect 
of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day or (if "SOFR" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of 
the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day or (if "€STR" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate) the applicable €STR rate in respect of 
such Relevant Business Day, and

--- Page 46 ---
38
(b)
in respect of any Relevant Business Day "i" that is not 
a Reference Day (being a Relevant Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period), (if "SONIA" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate) the applicable SONIA rate in respect 
of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date) or (if "SOFR" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate), the applicable SOFR rate in respect of 
the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding the 
last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date) or (if "€STR" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate), the applicable €STR rate in respect of 
the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding the 
last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); 
"ri" 
means the applicable SONIA rate, SOFR rate or €STR rate (as 
applicable) as set out in the definition of "r" above for the 
applicable Relevant Business Day "i";
"Reference Day" 
means each Relevant Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any Relevant Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period;
"Relevant 
Business Day" 
means: 
(a)
if "SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;  
(b)
if "SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or 
(c)
if "€STR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, a T2 Settlement Day; and
"Lock-out 
Period" 
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the day following the Interest Determination Date 
(which shall be not less than three Relevant Business Days prior

--- Page 47 ---
39
to the relevant Interest Payment Date and shall be not less than 
five Relevant Business Days without prior written approval of 
the Calculation Agent) for such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) if different, the date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due.
Payment Delay 
Where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, and if "SOFR" 
is specified in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as the 
applicable Reference Rate: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑
where: 
"D" 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;
"d" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period;
"do" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in such Interest Period;
"i" 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Interest Period to (but excluding) the last 
Relevant Business Day in such Interest Period;
"ni" 
for any Relevant Business Day "i" in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day;
"r" 
means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, the applicable 
SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day;
"ri" 
means, for any Relevant Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, the applicable SOFR rate as set out in the 
definition of "r" above in respect of the applicable Relevant 
Business Day "i", provided that, with respect to the final Interest 
Period, "ri" for each Relevant Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the relevant earlier redemption date, as 
applicable, shall be equal to the applicable SOFR rate in respect 
of such Rate Cut-Off Date;
"Rate 
Cut-Off 
Date"
means the date that is "q" Relevant Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as applicable

--- Page 48 ---
40
(where "q" is the number of Relevant Business Days in the Rate 
Cut-Off Period specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; and
"Relevant 
Business Day" 
means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
Where the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate in accordance with the above provisions of this Condition 6(d)(i), if the 
Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of Default), 
the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the 
previous Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become 
so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for 
so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6(b) (Accrual 
of Interest). 
(ii) Calculation Method – Weighted Average Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and where the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement also specify 
the Calculation Method as Weighted Average Rate, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate 
Transition), as applicable and as provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin, where: 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means, as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the following sub-
paragraphs (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(A)
where 'Lag' is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the sum of the Reference Rates in respect of each 
calendar day during the relevant Observation Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period (and, for 
these purposes, the Reference Rate in respect of any such calendar day 
which is not a Relevant Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day); or 
(B)
where 'Lock-out' is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the sum of the Reference Rates in respect of each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period (and, for these 
purposes, the Reference Rate in respect of any such calendar day 
which is not a Relevant Business Day shall, subject to the following 
proviso, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day), provided
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the 
Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately

--- Page 49 ---
41
preceding the Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a relevant Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" Relevant Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date which is "p" Relevant Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
Relevant Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable). 
Where the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate in accordance with the above provisions of this Condition 6(d)(ii), if 
the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of 
Default), the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and 
including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to 
the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 
6(b) (Accrual of Interest). 
(iii)Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate – Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and where the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement also specify: 
(i) the Calculation Method as Compounded Daily Rate and (ii) Index Determination as 
being "Applicable", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation and Rate Transition) and as provided below, be the 
relevant Compounded Daily Reference Rate with respect to such Interest Period 
calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place 
(the "Compounded Index Rate") as determined and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus the applicable 
Margin (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement): 
where: 
"Compounded 
Index" 
shall mean SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR Compounded 
Index or €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement;
"Compounded 
IndexEnd" 
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Relevant Business Day prior to 
(i) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (ii) 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded 
IndexStart"
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value determined in relation to the day

--- Page 50 ---
42
falling the Relevant Number of Relevant Business Day prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period;
"d" 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which the relevant Compounded IndexStart is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which the 
relevant Compounded IndexEnd is determined;
"€STR 
Compounded 
Index" 
means the compounded daily €STR rate as published at or 
around 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) by the European Central Bank 
(or a successor administrator of €STR) on the European Central 
Bank's website, or any successor source;
"€STR 
Compounded 
Index Rate"
means the Compounded Index Rate where the Compounded 
Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the 
€STR Compounded Index;
"Numerator" 
shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
be 365 in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 360 in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index and 360 in the case €STR 
Compounded Index;
"Relevant 
Business Day" 
means: 
(a)
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;  
(b)
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or 
(c)
in the case of the €STR Compounded Index, a T2 
Settlement Day;
"Relevant 
Decimal Place" 
shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and €STR Compounded Index and the 
seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 and 0.00000005 respectively being rounded 
upwards);
"Relevant 
Number" 
is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
(or, if no such number is specified, five);
"SOFR 
Compounded 
Index" 
means the compounded daily Secured Overnight Funding Rate, 
as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or 
a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
FRBNY, or any successor source;

--- Page 51 ---
43
"SOFR 
Compounded 
Index Rate"
means the Compounded Index Rate where the Compounded 
Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the 
SOFR Compounded Index;
"SONIA 
Compounded 
Index" 
means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; and
"SONIA 
Compounded 
Index Rate"
means the Compounded Index Rate where the Compounded 
Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the 
SONIA Compounded Index.
If the relevant Compounded Index is not available or has not otherwise been published 
or displayed by the relevant administrator of the Compounded Index Rate or other 
information service by (i) 5.00 p.m. (London time) in relation to the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, (ii) 3:00 p.m. (New York time) in relation to the SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate or (iii) 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in relation to the €STR 
Compounded Index on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the relevant 
Compounded Index Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the Compounded 
Index Rate is not available shall be the "Compounded Daily Reference Rate" 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(d)(i) above as if "Index Determination" 
were specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as being "Not Applicable", and for these purposes: (i) the 
"Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the 
"Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
Relevant Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Where the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate in accordance with the above provisions of this Condition 6(d)(iii), if 
the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of 
Default), the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and 
including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to 
the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 
6(b) (Accrual of Interest). 
(iv) Fallback provisions – SONIA 
Where SONIA is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, then if, in respect 
of any Relevant Business Day on which an applicable SONIA rate is required to be 
determined, such SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), then (unless the 
Agent has been notified of any Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and any related Spread Adjustment and/or adjustment 
determinations) pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate 
Transition), if applicable) the SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day 
shall be: 
(A)
the sum of (1) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such

--- Page 52 ---
44
Relevant Business Day and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five Relevant Business Days 
on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B)
if the Bank Rate under 7(d)(iii)(A) above is not available at the 
relevant time, either (1) the SONIA rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on which 
the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (2) if 
this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (A) above, 
and, in each case, "r" shall be construed accordingly under Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate 
Determination – Overnight Rate). 
(v) Fallback provisions – SOFR 
Subject to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition), where 
SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate then if, in respect of any 
Relevant Business Day, such Reference Rate is not available, then (unless the Agent 
has been notified of any Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and any related Spread Adjustment and/or adjustment determinations) pursuant to 
Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition), if applicable) the 
SOFR in respect of such Relevant Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR for 
the first preceding Relevant Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website, and "r" shall be construed accordingly under Condition 
6(d) (Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate). 
(vi) Fallback provisions – €STR 
Subject to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition), where 
€STR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate then if, in respect of any 
Relevant Business Day, such Reference Rate is not available, then unless the Agent has 
been notified of any Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and any related Spread Adjustment and/or adjustment determinations) pursuant to 
Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition), if applicable) and 
unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the Reference Rate shall be a rate equal 
to €STR for the last Relevant Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
website of the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and "r" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
If, in respect of any Relevant Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event 
and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each Relevant 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended 
as the replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the "ECB

--- Page 53 ---
45
Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first Relevant Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each Relevant Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the 
Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use 
to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the website of the 
ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) (the "EDFR") on such Relevant 
Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 Relevant Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the "EDFR 
Spread"). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then 
the rate for each Relevant Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring 
from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such 
Relevant Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 Relevant Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurs. 
In this Condition: 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:  
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or  
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR;  
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR);  
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events:  
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or

--- Page 54 ---
46
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(vii)
Further fallbacks – SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with any of 
the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuance and Rate Transition) (as applicable), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i)
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting where a different Margin, Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Date (or any other rate fixing date), Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest and related provisions and definitions of the 
Notes is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Business Day Convention, 
Interest Determination Date (or any other rate fixing date), Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest and related provisions and definitions 
of the Notes (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date 
(or any other rate fixing date), Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest and related provisions and definitions of the Notes (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(ii)
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Business 
Day Convention, Interest Determination Date (or any other rate fixing date), 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest and related 
provisions and definitions of the Notes, applicable to the first scheduled 
Interest Period). 
(e)
ISDA Determination
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate 
Transition), as applicable, and as provided below, the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus the Margin (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement),  where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the relevant

--- Page 55 ---
47
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
relevant ISDA Definitions, provided that in any circumstances where under the 
relevant ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any 
discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from 
reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant 
determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall 
instead be made by the Issuer or its duly appointed representative and under which: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;  
(C)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-
zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of 
that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
(D)
the definition of Fallback Observation Day in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions shall be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following: "Fallback Observation Day" means, in respect of a 
Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period 
included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, 
unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding 
the related Payment Date; 
(E)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and: 
(I)
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, then (a) Compounding with Lookback is 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
(II)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate

--- Page 56 ---
48
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and 
(c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
(III)
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, then (a) Compounding with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
(F)
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) are the days, if applicable, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
(G)
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to: 
(I)
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
(II)
"Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Interest Period; 
(III)
"Termination Date" shall be deemed to be references 
to the Maturity Date; and 
(IV)
"Effective Date" shall be deemed to be references to 
the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(ii)
if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:

--- Page 57 ---
49
(A)
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B)
"Generic Fallback Provisions" shall be disapplied. 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Cessation Event (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) in relation to the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Floating Rate Option in accordance with the applicable fallbacks (to 
the extent practicable) under the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
(f) 
CMS Rate Determination
If CMS Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes (the "CMS 
Rate Notes") for each Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuance and Rate Transition), as applicable, and as provided below, (1) the sum 
of the Margin and the CMS Rate (or the rate as determined in accordance with the 
provisions below), or (2) if a Margin Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate = (Margin + CMS Rate) x Margin Multiplier
Notwithstanding the fallbacks that would be applicable under the relevant ISDA 
Definitions in respect of the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement upon the occurrence 
of any event or circumstance specified by relevant Temporary Non-Publication 
Trigger(s) (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) in respect of such Floating 
Rate Option, if the CMS Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at or around 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a percentage on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate quotations 
or mid-market semi-annual swap rate quotations, as applicable, provided by the 
Reference Banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, on the relevant Interest Determination Date. The Issuer will (or 
will procure its duly appointed representative or agent to) request the principal office 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of its rate, and  
(i)
if at least three quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Determination 
Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); and 
(ii)
if fewer than three quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination Date will remain the rate for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, or, if none, the rate will be the Initial Interest Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
If the CMS Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
 the above paragraph, such CMS Rate shall (to the extent practicable) be determined by 
 the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard to 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market).  
Upon the occurrence of an Index Cessation Event in relation to the Floating Rate 
Option specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant

--- Page 58 ---
50
Floating Rate Option in accordance with the applicable fallbacks (to the extent 
practicable) under the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
"annual swap rate" means the mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-for-floating 
Specified Currency interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, commencing on that Interest Determination Date and in 
a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, calculated on basis of the Day Count Fraction, is 
equivalent to the EUR CMS Floating Leg Rate;  
"CMS Rate" means the CMS Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page at or around the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;  
"CMS Reference Rate" means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, with a Designated Maturity (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;  
"EUR CMS Floating Leg Rate" means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, with a Designated Maturity (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) of six months; 
"Margin Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers selected by the Issuer in the 
relevant interbank market; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at or around the Relevant Time as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion;  
"semi-annual swap rate" means the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-
annual fixed leg, calculated on basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-for-
floating Specified Currency interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, commencing on that Interest Determination 
Date and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on basis of the Day Count Fraction, 
is equivalent to the USD CMS Floating Leg Rate; and  
"USD CMS Floating Leg Rate" means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, with a Designated Maturity (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) of three months.  
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions, the 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied. 
Notwithstanding anything in the relevant ISDA Definitions to the contrary, the 
Calculation Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including the

--- Page 59 ---
51
selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when 
calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s)), and to the extent the 
relevant ISDA Definitions requires the Calculation Agent to exercise any such 
discretion, such discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its duly appointed 
representative. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuance and Rate Transition 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use (other than where the original 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (i) Condition 6(c) (Screen Rate Determination – 
Term Rate) in the case of Floating Rate Notes where the original Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, (ii) Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate) in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes where the original Reference Rate is SONIA or €STR, (iii) 
Condition 6(e) (ISDA Determination) if, following the occurrence of an Index 
Cessation Event in respect of the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, the application 
of any applicable fallbacks under the relevant ISDA Definitions fails to provide a 
means of determining the relevant Rate of Interest, (iv) Condition 6(f) (CMS Rate 
Determination) if, following the occurrence of an Index Cessation Event in respect of 
the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, the application of any applicable fallbacks 
under the relevant ISDA Definitions fails to provide a means of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest or (v) any other provision of these Conditions, then if the Issuer 
determines that any of the following events has occurred (each a "Benchmark 
Transition Event"): 
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark; or 
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, which states 
that the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or 
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that, in the view of such 
regulatory supervisor, such Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such 
Relevant Rates Benchmark has materially changed;  
(iv)
the Relevant Rates Benchmark ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 60 ---
52
(v)
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark, 
the Issuer may use, as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each 
future Interest Determination Date (or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates 
benchmark determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(A)
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, for this purpose (an "Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate"), such Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate; or 
(B)
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the 
Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the alternative reference rate, index or benchmark 
selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent 
with accepted market practice (the rate determined under sub-
paragraph (A) above or this sub-paragraph (B), the "Alternative 
Rate"). 
The Issuer may determine the Spread Adjustment for the Alternative Rate or the 
Margin, as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest Determination 
Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of the 
Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
Alternative Rate or Margin for debt obligations such as the Notes. 
If the Issuer determines that no such Alternative Rate can be determined in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (A) and (B) above, it may determine an alternative rate to be used 
as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, as well as any adjustments to the 
Margin (including the Spread Adjustment), the Business Day Convention, the Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and 
definitions in respect of the Notes, in each case, that are consistent with accepted 
market practice for the use of such substitute rate for debt obligations such as the Notes 
(and such substitute rate determined in accordance with this paragraph shall be the 
"Alternative Rate").  
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to 
Noteholders to inform them of the occurrence of any of events listed in Conditions 
6(f)(i) to 6(f)(iv) above, the Alternative Rate and any adjustment determinations which 
will apply to the Notes. The notice shall also confirm the effective date of the 
Alternative Rate and any adjustments. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 6(f), if the Issuer determines that the 
selection of a particular index, benchmark or other price as an "Alternative Rate" 
(taking into account any necessary adjustments that would need to be made in 
accordance with this Condition 6(f)): (1) is or would be unlawful under any applicable 
law or regulation; or (2) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements; or 
(3) would result in the Issuer being considered to be administering a benchmark, index 
or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Issuer to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to 
undertake, then the Issuer shall not select such index, benchmark or price source as the 
Alternative Rate.

--- Page 61 ---
53
If the Issuer is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, 
determine that the Notes shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so 
determines that the Notes shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than 
five Business Days' notice to the Noteholders to redeem the Notes and upon redemption 
the Issuer will pay in respect of each Note an amount equal to either: 
(a)
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, the fair market value of such Note, 
on such date as is selected by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to that Notes of 
the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/ or any affiliate of, or the loss realised 
by the Issuer and/or any affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements, all as calculated by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion; or 
(b)
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Final Terms, the fair market value of such Note, 
on such day as is selected by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Note), as calculated by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion.  
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Notes, determination by 
the Issuer that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has not 
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each 
case with the effect that any of the Issuer is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Rates Benchmark to perform its of 
their respective obligations in respect of the Notes; 
"Relevant Rates Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes: 
(i)
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Rate of Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes;  
(ii)
each Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in the 
Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions)); or 
(iii)
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a "Relevant 
Rates Benchmark" in the relevant Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement; and 
"Spread Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer, giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment.

--- Page 62 ---
54
Reference Rate Replacement where the original Reference Rate is SOFR 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate Determination – 
Overnight Rate) in the case of Notes where the original Reference Rate is SOFR or any 
other provision of these Conditions, if "SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reference Rate and "ARRC Fallbacks" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement when a 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates.  In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 19, have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, including for the execution of any documents or the taking 
of other steps by the Bank or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if required), 
vary the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii)
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
"Benchmark" means, initially, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate with the 
applicable Reference Rate being SOFR; provided that if the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate with the applicable Reference Rate being SOFR (or the published daily 
SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii)
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or

--- Page 63 ---
55
(iii)
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the

--- Page 64 ---
56
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily Reference Rate with the applicable Reference Rate 
being SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate with the applicable Reference Rate being SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this section, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest for 
any Interest Period shall be deemed to be zero.  
(i) 
Rate Multiplier
If any Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Placing Supplement, then the Reference Rate, average of 
References Rates, CMS Rate or ISDA Rate (as applicable) shall be multiplied by the 
Rate Multiplier stated to be applicable. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the

--- Page 65 ---
57
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and, 
if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specify the Range Accrual Note Provisions as being applicable, by the 
Range Accrual Factor, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and further multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(k) 
Calculation of Other Amounts
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at 
which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount.  The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
(l) 
Publication
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and, if the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, Range Accrual 
Factor determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) 
to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case 
of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Range Accrual Factor (as applicable) and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall publish the Interest Amount in 
relation to the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having 
the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(m) 
Notifications etc.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents and the Noteholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes.

--- Page 66 ---
58
7.
Range Accrual Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Range Accrual Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Range Accrual Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Calculation of the Range Accrual Factor
The Range Accrual Factor will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by observing a 
rate calculated by reference to a single floating interest rate or a number of floating 
interest rates, in each case, determined in accordance with Condition 7(e) below. 
(c) 
Range Accrual Factor and application to Interest Amount 
The "Range Accrual Factor" for an Observation Period corresponding to an Interest 
Period will be calculated as the quotient of (i) n, divided by (ii) N, expressed 
mathematically as:  
n
N
where  
"n", in respect of an Observation Period corresponding to an Interest Period, is the 
number of Observation Dates within that Observation Period that the Accrual 
Condition is satisfied; and  
"N", in respect of an Observation Period corresponding to an Interest Period, is the 
number of Observation Dates within that Observation Period. 
(d) 
Determination of Accrual Condition
The "Accrual Condition" in respect of an Observation Period corresponding to an 
Interest Period will be satisfied on any Observation Date within that Observation Period 
where: 
(i) if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies the 'Accrual Condition Type' to be 'Single Rate Range 
Accrual', the Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 on such Observation Date is 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier and less than or equal 
to the Corresponding Upper Barrier; or  
(ii) if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies the 'Accrual Condition Type' to be 'Spread Range 
Accrual', the Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 minus the Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2, in each case on such Observation Date (the "Range Accrual Spread"), 
is greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier and less than or 
equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier; or 
(iii)if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies the 'Accrual Condition Type' to be 'Dual Rate Range 
Accrual', each of (A) the Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 on such Observation 
Date is greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier 1 and less 
than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier 1 and (B) the Range Accrual 
Floating Rate 2 on such Observation Date is greater than or equal to the 
Corresponding Lower Barrier 2 and less than or equal to the Corresponding 
Upper Barrier 2; or

--- Page 67 ---
59
(iv) if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies the 'Accrual Condition Type' to be 'Dual Spread Range 
Accrual', each of (A) the Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 minus the Range 
Accrual Floating Rate 2, in each case on such Observation Date (the "Range 
Accrual Spread") is greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier 
1 and less than or equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier 1 and (B) the 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 3, in each case on such Observation Date, is 
greater than or equal to the Corresponding Lower Barrier 2 and less than or 
equal to the Corresponding Upper Barrier 2, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where:  
"Corresponding Lower Barrier" means, in respect of the determination of any 
Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual 
Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 'Lower Barrier' applicable to such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Corresponding Lower Barrier 1" means, in respect of the determination of any 
Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual 
Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 'Lower Barrier 1' applicable to such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Corresponding Lower Barrier 2" means, in respect of the determination of any 
Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual 
Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 'Lower Barrier 2' applicable to such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Corresponding Upper Barrier" means, in respect of the determination of any 
Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual 
Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 'Upper Barrier' applicable to such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Corresponding Upper Barrier 1" means, in respect of the determination of any 
Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual 
Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 'Upper Barrier 1' applicable to such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Corresponding Upper Barrier 2" means, in respect of the determination of any 
Accrual Condition and any Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual 
Spread, the percentage rate specified as being 'Upper Barrier 2' applicable to such 
Range Accrual Floating Rate or Range Accrual Spread in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Observation Date" means each calendar day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"Observation Number of Business Days" means the number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, provided that, if no such number is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
Observation Number of Business Days will be deemed to be five Business Days;

--- Page 68 ---
60
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
beginning on (and including) the day that falls the Observation Number of 
Business Days prior to the immediately preceding Interest Period End Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the day 
that falls the Observation Number of Business Day prior to such Interest Period 
End Date;  
"Range Accrual Floating Rate" means, in respect of any Observation Date in an 
Observation Period, Range Accrual Floating Rate 1 or (if any) Range Accrual 
Floating Rate 2 or (if any) Range Accrual Floating Rate 3, as applicable, on such 
Observation Date in such Observation Period; 
"Range Accrual Floating Rate 1" means, in respect of any Observation Date in 
an Observation Period, the Range Accrual Floating Rate determined in respect of 
the relevant Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option or, as the case may be, CMS 
Reference Rate and having the other terms as specified as applicable to 'Range 
Accrual Floating Rate 1' in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Range Accrual Floating Rate 2" means, in respect of any Observation Date in 
an Observation Period, the Range Accrual Floating Rate determined in respect of 
the relevant Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option or, as the case may be, CMS 
Reference Rate and having the other terms as specified as applicable to 'Range 
Accrual Floating Rate 2' in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and, if 'Spread Range Accrual' or 'Dual 
Spread Range Accrual' is specified as the 'Accrual Condition Type' in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
multiplied by the number specified as the 'Variable' ("Variable") in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
which shall be preceded by either a 'plus' or a 'minus', provided that, if the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
specifies 'Variable' to be 'Not Applicable', it shall be deemed to be one; and 
"Range Accrual Floating Rate 3" means, in respect of any Observation Date in 
an Observation Period, the Range Accrual Floating Rate determined in respect of 
the Reference Rate (which may be the Specified Swap Rate, if so specified) and 
having the other terms as specified as applicable to 'Range Accrual Floating Rate 
3' in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
(e) 
Determination of Range Accrual Floating Rate(s)
(i) Where the Range Accrual Note Provisions specify 'Floating Rate 
Determination' to be 'Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate', the relevant 
Range Accrual Floating Rate on the Observation Date will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination – Term Rate) regarding each reference to "the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of an Interest Period" as a reference to "each 
Observation Date falling within the Observation Period in respect of such 
Interest Period". 
(ii) Where the Range Accrual Note Provisions specify 'Floating Rate 
Determination' to be 'Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate', the 
relevant Range Accrual Floating Rate on the Observation Date will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 6(d) 
(Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate) regarding each reference to "the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of an Interest Period" as a reference to

--- Page 69 ---
61
"each Observation Date falling within the Observation Period in respect of 
such Interest Period". 
(iii)Where the Range Accrual Note Provisions specify 'Floating Rate 
Determination' to be 'ISDA Determination', the relevant Range Accrual 
Floating Rate on the Observation Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with Condition 6(e) (ISDA Determination) regarding each 
reference to "the Interest Determination Date in respect of an Interest Period" 
as a reference to "each Observation Date falling within the Observation Period 
in respect of such Interest Period". 
(iv) Where the Range Accrual Note Provisions specify 'Floating Rate 
Determination' to be 'CMS Rate Determination', the relevant Range Accrual 
Floating Rate on an Observation Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with Condition 6(f) (CMS Rate Determination) regarding 
each reference to "the Interest Determination Date in respect of an Interest 
Period" as a reference to "each Observation Date falling within the Observation 
Period in respect of such Interest Period". 
(f) 
Range Accrual Floating Rate Disruption 
If on any Observation Date the Relevant Screen Page specified for the determination 
of a Range Accrual Floating Rate is not available, or no offered quotation appears on 
such Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time specified for the determination of 
such Range Accrual Floating Rate, such Range Accrual Floating Rate shall, subject, if 
applicable, to Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation and Rate Transition), be 
determined in accordance with the following Conditions mutatis mutandis: 
(i)
Condition 6(c) (Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate) where the Range 
Accrual Note Provisions specify 'Floating Rate Determination' to be 'Screen 
Rate Determination – Term Rate'; 
(ii)
Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate) where the Range 
Accrual Note Provisions specify 'Floating Rate Determination' to be 'Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate'; 
(iii)
Condition (e) (ISDA Determination) where the Range Accrual Note Provisions 
specify 'Floating Rate Determination' to be 'ISDA Determination'; and  
(iv)
Condition (f) (CMS Rate Determination) where the Range Accrual Note 
Provisions specify 'Floating Rate Determination' to be 'CMS Rate 
Determination'. 
If applicable, Condition 6(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation and Rate Transition) shall 
also apply to the relevant Range Accrual Floating Rate mutatis mutandis. 
8.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(a) 
Application
This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of:

--- Page 70 ---
62
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
9.
Redemption and Purchase
(a) 
Scheduled Redemption
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest, if any, if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts on such Notes pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings 
promulgated thereunder) of the United States or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which any person (including any person acting 
as underwriter, broker or dealer) agrees to purchase any of such Notes pursuant to their 
original issuance, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to 
pay such additional interest were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to 
the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by an officer of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (B) a legal opinion, from lawyers of recognised standing in the United 
States, to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obligated to pay such additional 
amounts on such Notes pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to 
such date).

--- Page 71 ---
63
For the purposes of this Condition 9(c) only, the "Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement as being either: 
(i) the specified percentage of the principal amount of the Notes stated in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as applicable; or 
(ii) if "Non-Sterling Make-Whole Amount" or "Sterling Make-Whole 
Amount" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call): 
a.
if "Non-Sterling Make-Whole Amount" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the higher of (I) the principal amount of the 
Notes; and (II) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and Remaining Term Interest 
(assuming for this purpose the Notes are to be redeemed at their 
principal amount on the Make-Whole Reference Date), in each case 
discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) on either 
an annual or a semi-annual basis as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, (based on the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable) at the Reference Dealer 
Rate plus any applicable Redemption Margin specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, all as determined by the Determination 
Agent; and 
b.
if "Sterling Make-Whole Amount" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the higher of (I) the principal amount of the 
Notes; and (II) the principal amount of the Notes multiplied by the 
price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Noteholders by the 
Determination Agent) expressed as a percentage (rounded to four 
decimal places, 0.00005 being rounded upwards) at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on the Notes on the Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (assuming for this purpose 
the Notes are to be redeemed at their principal amount on the Spens 
Call Reference Date) is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at the 
Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable, on the 
Determination Date of the Reference Bond plus any applicable 
Redemption Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Any notice of redemption given under Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) 
will override any notice of redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or 
subsequently) under this Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). 
In this Condition: 
"Determination Agent" means Jefferies International Limited (or any of its affiliate) 
or such other investment banking, accountancy, appraisal or financial advisory firm

--- Page 72 ---
64
with international standing that has (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer) appropriate 
expertise relevant to the determination required to be made under this Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) appointed by the Issuer at its own expense and 
notified in writing to the Noteholders; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means a yield expressed as a percentage and calculated by 
the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management 
Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields" page 4, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double-dated and Undated Gilts 
with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 
1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and as further updated or amended from time to 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted on an annualised yield and 
rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does not reflect 
generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Make-Whole Reference Date" or "Spens Call Reference Date" means the earliest 
of (i) the Maturity Date, and (ii) such other date (if any) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Bond" means the government security specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
or (if such security is no longer in issue or, in the determination of the Determination 
Agent, with the advice of the Reference Dealers, is no longer appropriate by reason of 
illiquidity or otherwise), such other government security with a maturity date as near 
as possible to the Make-Whole Reference Date or the Spens Call Reference Date, as 
applicable, as the Determination Agent may, with the advice of the Reference Dealers, 
determine to be appropriate by way of substitution for the original Reference Bond; 
"Reference Dealers" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are (A) a 
primary government securities dealer, or (B) a market maker in pricing corporate bond 
issues; 
"Reference Dealer Rate" means with respect to the Reference Dealers and any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) the average of the five quotations of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable, at the 
Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable, on the Determination Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, and quoted in writing to the Issuer and the Determination 
Agent by the Reference Dealers;  
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount 
of scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Make-
Whole Reference Date determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such 
Note from (and including) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call); and 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 73 ---
65
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable; and (ii) the Clean-
up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes originally issued has been redeemed (other than Notes redeemed at the Non-
Sterling Make-Whole Amount or the Sterling Make-Whole Amount) or purchased and 
subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 9 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer may, from (and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date, at 
any time redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up 
Call Option Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Issuer provides not 
less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) (such notice, subject as aforesaid, being irrevocable) 
specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as referred to in this Condition 9(d) (Clean-up Call 
Option), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(d) (Clean-up Call Option). 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(d) (Clean-up Call Option), any further securities 
issued pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be deemed to have been 
originally issued. 
In this Condition: 
"Clean-up Call Effective Date" means, in respect of any Series of Notes the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of such Series of such Notes; and 
"Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage" means 75 per cent. or such other percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be 
redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  Any conditions 
and/or circumstances that must be satisfied before a Put Option can be exercised will

--- Page 74 ---
66
be set out in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement.  In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), 
the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note 
at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of 
the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and 
not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
No Other Redemption
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 9(a) (Scheduled Redemption) to 9(f) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) above. 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) 
or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase
The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
(j) 
Cancellation
All Notes must be cancelled if they are redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or purchased and surrendered 
for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9(i) (Purchase) and may not be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 75 ---
67
10. Payments
(a) 
Principal
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(b) 
Interest
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, or such other fiscal or other laws to 
which the Issuer or its agents are, or agree to be, subject but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on Business Days
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Business Day.  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account, payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a 
Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be 
initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in 
the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of 
the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is 
surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of 
a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Note shall not be entitled to 
any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the 
due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in 
accordance with this Condition 10 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost 
in the mail.  For the purposes of this Condition 10(d), "Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign currencies) in the

--- Page 76 ---
68
relevant place of presentation (in the case of Notes in definitive form 
only); and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a T2 Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign currencies) in the 
relevant place of presentation (in the case of Notes in definitive form 
only); and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
(e) 
Partial Payments
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Registrar will 
annotate the Register with a record of the amount and date of such payment and, in the 
case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, endorse on the relevant 
Note Certificate a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment. 
(f) 
Record Date
Each payment in respect of a Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in 
the Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on 
the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as 
the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant 
Record Date. 
11. Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by applicable 
law or under an agreement with a relevant taxing authority or in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. Where such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer 
will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional amounts in 
respect of any Note that is beneficially owned by a Non-United States Person such amounts as 
may be necessary so that every net payment by the Issuer or a Paying Agent of principal and 
interest on such Note, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future 
tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by 
the United States, will not be less than the amount provided in such Note to be then due and 
payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such payment of additional 
amounts for or on account of: 
(a)  
any tax, assessment or other government charge that would not have been imposed but 
for (i) the existence of any present or former connection (or relationship) between such 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of such Note (or between a fiduciary, settlor or 
beneficiary of, or a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner, if 
such holder or beneficial owner is an estate or a trust, or a member or shareholder of 
such holder, if such holder is a partnership or corporation) and the United States,

--- Page 77 ---
69
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner (or such fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or having 
been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or business 
or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or (ii) 
such Noteholder's past or present status as a personal holding company, foreign 
personal holding company, foreign private foundation or other foreign tax-exempt 
organisation with respect to the United States, passive foreign investment company, 
controlled foreign corporation or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid 
United States federal income tax; or 
(b)  
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, wealth or personal property tax or 
any similar tax, assessment, withholding, deduction or other governmental charge; or  
(c)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for: (i) the presentation by the holder of a Note for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date; or (ii) a change in law, regulation or administrative or judicial 
interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due 
or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; or 
(d)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note; or 
(e)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent from a payment on a Note, if such payment can be made without 
such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent; or 
(f)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, identification, 
information or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, 
identity or connection with the United States of the holder or the beneficial owner of a 
Note if such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States or by 
a tax treaty of the United States, as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, 
assessment or other government charge; or 
(g)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on (i) a holder or beneficial 
owner that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting 
power of all classes of stock of the Issuer or that is a controlled foreign corporation 
related to the Issuer through stock ownership or is a bank that acquired such Note (or 
beneficial interest therein) in consideration of an extension of credit made pursuant to 
a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) contingent 
interest as described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code (generally, interest that is 
determined with reference to the cash flow, profitability, value of property of, or 
distributions of the Issuer or a related person thereto); or 
(h)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (the so-called "FATCA" provisions), any treaty, 
law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction, or relating 
to any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other 
jurisdiction which facilitates FATCA or any agreement pursuant to the implementation 
of FATCA with the United States; or 
(i)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is imposed by the United 
States (i) on any "dividend equivalent" within the meaning of Section 871(m) of the 
Code or (ii) as a result any Note being characterised, in whole or in part, as something 
other than debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or

--- Page 78 ---
70
(j)  
a payment on a Note to a holder or beneficial owner that is a fiduciary, partnership, 
limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity or other than the sole 
beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to 
such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have 
been entitled to the additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the holder of such Note; or 
(k)  
any combination of sub-paragraphs (a) to (j) above. 
12. Events of Default
(a) 
Events of Default 
"Event of Default", with respect to Notes of any Series, means any one of the following 
events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Notes of that Series when it 
becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 
days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Notes 
of that Series at its Maturity Date, and continuance of such default for a period 
of seven days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer under the 
Notes (other than a covenant a default in whose performance or whose breach 
is elsewhere in this Condition specifically dealt with or which has expressly 
been included in the Conditions solely for the benefit of a Series of Notes other 
than the relevant Series), and continuance of such default or breach for a period 
of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar by the Noteholders of at least 25 per 
cent. in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series or Tranche 
and a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be 
remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall fail to pay any Indebtedness in excess of U.S.$50,000,000 
owing by the Issuer, or any interest or premium thereon, when due (whether 
by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or 
otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if 
any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or 
the Issuer shall fail to perform any term, covenant or agreement on its part to 
be performed under any agreement or instrument evidencing or securing or 
relating to any such Indebtedness, if the effect of such failure in either case is 
that the maturity of such Indebtedness is duly accelerated, without such 
Indebtedness having been discharged or such acceleration having been 
rescinded or annulled, in each such case, within a period of 10 days after there 
shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Registrar by Noteholders of at least 25 per cent. in principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series, a written notice specifying such 
default and requiring the Issuer to cause such Indebtedness to be discharged or 
cause such acceleration to be rescinded or annulled, as the case may be, and 
stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or 
(v) 
the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (i) a decree or order 
for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case or proceeding under 
any applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the Issuer

--- Page 79 ---
71
a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking 
reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the 
Issuer under any applicable United States Federal or State law, or appointing a 
custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar 
official of the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the 
winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree 
or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for 
a period of 60 consecutive days; or 
(vi) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case or proceeding under any 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganisation or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be 
adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a decree 
or order for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case or proceeding 
under any applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy 
or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or 
answer or consent seeking reorganisation or relief under any applicable United 
States Federal or State law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or 
to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or of any 
substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its 
debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the 
Issuer in furtherance of any such action; or 
(vii) 
any other Event of Default set out in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement with respect to Notes of the relevant 
Series. 
(b) 
Acceleration 
Subject to these Conditions, if an event of default with respect to the Notes of a 
particular Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then in such case the 
holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of 
such Series may declare the Early Redemption Amount (Default) (being the amount so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement and if no such amount is specified, the principal amount thereof) 
and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes of the Series to be due and payable 
immediately, by a notice in writing to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, 
and upon any such declaration such Early Redemption Amount (Default) (or other 
specified amount) and interest shall become immediately due and payable. Upon 
payment of such amounts in the currency in which such Notes are denominated, all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of payment of principal and interest on such Notes 
shall terminate. 
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration of the Notes of a Series has been 
made, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such 
Series, by written notice to the Issuer, may, on behalf of all Noteholders of such Series, 
waive such event of default and rescind and annul such declaration and its 
consequences if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Fiscal Agent a sum in the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated sufficient to pay: 
(A) 
all overdue instalments of interest on such Notes;

--- Page 80 ---
72
(B) 
the amounts of principal (and premium, if any, on) such Notes that 
have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration 
and interest thereon at the rate prescribed therefor in these Conditions; 
(C) 
to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon 
overdue instalments of interest on each such Note at the rate or rates 
prescribed therefor in such Notes; and 
(D) 
all sums paid or advanced by the Paying Agents and the reasonable 
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Paying 
Agents; provided, however, that all sums payable under this 
sub-paragraph (D) shall be paid in U.S. dollars; and 
(ii) 
all defaults and events of default with respect to such Notes, other than the 
non-payment of principal of and interest on the Notes that have become due 
solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as 
provided in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). 
No such rescission and waiver shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right 
consequent thereon. 
13. Prescription
Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Notes shall become void unless 
the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. Replacement of Notes
If any Note or Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar (and, if the Notes are then admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular 
place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable 
laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes or Note Certificates must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. Agents
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agents act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor 
fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that:
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and, so long as there are Notes 
outstanding, a Registrar; and 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a

--- Page 81 ---
73
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
16. Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-
tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum.   
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting or in writing or by way 
of electronic consents shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, or voting in favour or, as the case may be, whether or not signing 
the written resolution or providing electronic consents. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed, at a meeting duly 
convened and held, by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (ii) a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of at least 75 per cent. of the Noteholders 
of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or (iii) if applicable, consent given 
by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf 
of at least 75 per cent. of the Noteholders of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. A 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
 (b) 
Modification
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion 
of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. Consolidation, Merger, Conveyance Transfer or Lease
(a) 
When Issuer May Merge
The Issuer may not, in a single transaction or through a series of related transactions, 
consolidate with or merge with or into any other person, or, directly or indirectly, sell, 
lease, assign, transfer or convey its properties and assets as an entirety or substantially 
as an entirety (computed on a consolidated basis) to another person or group of

--- Page 82 ---
74
affiliated persons, and another person or group of affiliated persons may not directly or 
indirectly sell, lease, assign, transfer or convey its properties and assets as an entity or 
substantially as an entity (computed on a consolidated basis) to the Issuer, unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall be the continuing person, or the person (if other than the Issuer) 
formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or to which 
all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer are transferred 
as an entirety or substantially as an entirety (the Issuer or such other person 
being hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving Person"), shall be a corporation 
organised and validly existing under the laws of the United States, any State 
thereof or the District of Columbia, and shall expressly assume, all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency Agreement; and 
(ii) 
immediately after giving effect to such transaction and the assumption of the 
obligations as set forth in (i), above, none of the events of default described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default) shall have occurred and be continuing. 
(b) 
Successor Corporation Substituted 
Upon any consolidation or merger, or any transfer of assets in accordance with 
Condition 17(a) (When Issuer May Merge), the Surviving Person formed by such 
consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or to which such transfer is made shall 
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer 
under the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if such Surviving 
Person had been named as the Issuer herein. When a Surviving Person duly assumes 
all of the obligations of the Issuer pursuant hereto and pursuant to the Notes, the 
predecessor shall be relieved of the performance and observance of all obligations and 
covenants under the Notes and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to the 
obligation to make payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on all the Notes then 
outstanding, and the Issuer may thereupon or any time thereafter be liquidated and 
dissolved. 
18. Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. Notices
Notices to the Noteholders shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing.  In 
the case of Notes which are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") and, if the rules of that exchange so require, such notices will also be 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Dublin (which is expected to be 
the Irish Times). 
20. Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
"second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, 
on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any

--- Page 83 ---
75
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange 
at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency 
with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. Redenomination
(a) 
Application
This Condition 21 (Redenomination) is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Notice of Redenomination
If the country of the Specified Currency is, becomes, or announces its intention to 
become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying 
Agents, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment 
Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a 
Participating Member State. 
(c) 
Redenomination
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal 
amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate 
for conversion of such currency into euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with European Union regulations); 
provided, however, that if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Fiscal Agent, that then market practice in respect of the redenomination into 
euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, each 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments.  
(ii) 
If Notes have been issued in individual certificated form, new Individual Note 
Certificates denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for Individual Note 
Certificates denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent or the Registrar may specify from the date on which the Issuer 
gives notice to the Noteholders that replacement Notes denominated in euro 
are available for exchange, as shall be notified to Noteholders in such notice. 
(iii) 
All payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination 
Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a 
sub-division of the euro, payments of interest in respect of periods 
commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro by 
cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to, a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee

--- Page 84 ---
76
with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of any Member State of the 
European Union. 
(d) 
Interest
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 21, where Notes are 
represented by Individual Note Certificates, the amount of interest due in respect of the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
presented for payment by the relevant holder. 
(e) 
Interest Determination Date
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the Interest 
Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second T2 Settlement Day before the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
22. Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded 
up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in 
any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) 
Governing law
The Notes, including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
(b) 
English Courts
The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes ("Proceedings") and, for such purposes, 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Process Agent
Any Proceedings which are commenced in England pursuant to Condition 23(b) 
(English Courts) may be served on it by being delivered to the Issuer at Jefferies 
International Limited, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4JL or at any other address of 
the Issuer in the UK at which process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 
of the Companies Act 2006 or any successor provision thereto.  Nothing in this 
Condition 23(c) shall affect the right of the Noteholders to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 85 ---
77
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form and will be completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue.  Text in this section appearing in 
italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final 
Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an "EU 
distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, an EU 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded

--- Page 86 ---
78
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]1
Final Terms dated [●]  
JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300HOF34RGOJ5YL07 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A 
Contractual Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 November 2024 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that 
base prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [[30 April 2015]/[29 April 2016]/[28 April 
2017]/[18 June 2018]/[5 July 2019]/[13 July 2020]/[14 July 2021]/[2 November 2022]/[2 November 
2023]] (the "Original Base Prospectus"), which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 1 November 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1189, as amended (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[When completing final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1  
To be included if the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and if the Notes are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate 
notes, the product classification of the Notes as "prescribed capital markets products" under the SFA may need to be 
reassessed.

--- Page 87 ---
79
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
[(iii)  
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 (or equivalent) are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000]].")
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date:
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Trade Date:
[●]  
(If more than one, specify the initial trade date) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the UK, or (b) the activity 
of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, 
(i) the Notes must have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to "professional

--- Page 88 ---
80
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption 
from Section 19 of the FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon] 
[Range Accrual] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
amount] 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call]
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ No Adjustment][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
81
(vii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. Note: 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Period/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives.  If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
(Text to be included where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR and the Observation Method is Payment 
Delay. Specified Interest Payment Dates will not 
normally be subject to adjustment where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR and the Observation 
Method is Payment Delay.)
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
82
– 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of 
this sub-paragraph)

Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate/Weighted Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 

Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out and Payment Delay are only 
applicable where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 

Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 

Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 

D: 
[365/360/[●]] days 

ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 

Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
('Index Determination' should only be specified as 
'Applicable', if the 'Calculation Method' is 
specified as 'Compounded Daily Rate', If 'Index 
Determination' is 'Applicable', insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant 
Number, 
and 
the 
bullets 
under 
'Calculation Method' should be specified as 'Not 
Applicable'.) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', 
delete 'Relevant Number' and complete the bullets 
under 'Calculation Method'.) 

Relevant Number: 
[5]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] (if EURIBOR) 
[[●] London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/T2 Settlement Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period] 
[specify other]

--- Page 91 ---
83
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)
– 
Rate Cut-Off Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Observation Method is 
Payment Delay)
– 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (Brussels time)] 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions))
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period). 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)  
– 
[Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
84
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
Rate Multiplier: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ix) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
CMS Reference Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– 
Margin Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
EUR CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
– 
USD CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[as per the [2006]/[2021] ISDA Definitions]
(xiv) 
Relevant Rates Benchmark: 
[●]
(xv) 
Other Relevant Rates 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify any applicable Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which is not a Reference Rate. 
Otherwise delete line)
(xvi) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of 
each Relevant Rates Benchmark)

--- Page 93 ---
85
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
16. 
Range Accrual Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Condition Type: 
[Single Rate Range Accrual/Spread Range 
Accrual/Dual Rate Range Accrual/Dual Spread 
Range Accrual] 
(ii) 
Single Rate Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Spread Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination]

--- Page 94 ---
86
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
B. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2: 
– 
Variable: 
[[plus] [minus] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier: 
[●] 
(iv)  
Dual Rate Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable)

--- Page 95 ---
87
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier 1: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier 1: 
[●] 
B. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
 Lower Barrier 2: 
[●] 
– 
 Upper Barrier 2: 
[●] 
(v)  
Dual Spread Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA

--- Page 96 ---
88
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
B. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2: 
– 
Variable: 
[[plus] [minus] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier 1: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier 1: 
[●] 
C. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 3: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS

--- Page 97 ---
89
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier 2: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier 2: 
[●] 
(vi)  
Observation Number of  
Business Days: 
[●]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Conditions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Repeat as necessary if more than one of the above 
Interest Types applies]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Non-Sterling 
Make-Whole Amount]/[Sterling Make-Whole 
Amount] 
(a) 
[Reference Bond: 
[●]] 
(b) 
[Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
(c) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[●]] 
(d) 
[Determination Date: 
[●]] 
(e) 
[Discount Basis: 
[●]] 
(f) 
 [Make-Whole Reference 
Date] / [Spens Call Reference 
Date]: 
Maturity Date/[●]] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18.  
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
(ii)  
Clean-up Call Option 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
[Issue Date/[specify]]

--- Page 98 ---
90
19.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[Not Applicable(If both the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) and the Early Termination Amount 
are the principal amount of the Notes/specify the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Global Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Global Note] (If Notes to be held through the 
Relevant Clearing System)
[Individual Note Certificates] (If Notes not to be 
held through the Relevant Clearing System)
23. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes / No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraphs 13(vi) and 14(v) 
relate) 
25. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
other] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify other] does not 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that [legal 
name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or

--- Page 99 ---
91
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsements 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable]]
[[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
other] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify other] does not 
fall within the scope of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that [legal 
name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the UK, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
26. 
Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: applicable for 
Condition 6(f): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
as 
per 
the 
Conditions] 
[Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[None] [Specify] (specify in respect of each 
Relevant Rates Benchmark)] 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs] / [Early 
Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) 
– Fair Market Value] shall apply] / [Not 
Applicable] 
27. 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/ The provisions of Condition 21 
apply.] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Programme for the issuance of 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium-Term Notes of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information

--- Page 100 ---
92
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC.
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 101 ---
93
Part B 
Other Information 
1. 
LISTING 
(i) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [●].]   
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]
2. 
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]]] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the EU or in the UK and is not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the EU or in the UK but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU or in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the EU or in the UK but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 102 ---
94
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the EU or in the UK and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU or in the UK and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
[The Notes being issued have not been rated.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i)  
Reasons for the offer:
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give Details] (See "Use of Proceeds" 
wording in the Base Prospectus - if reasons for 
offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here).
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code: 
[●]

--- Page 103 ---
95
Common Code: 
[●] 
CINS: 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
CFI/FISN: 
The CFI and FISN for the Notes will be set out 
on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN for the 
Note (as applicable). 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Registrar (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper), and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that

--- Page 104 ---
96
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7.  
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Additional selling restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(vii)
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
 
only: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors in Singapore only, 
"Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes are also offered to investors other than 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore, "Not Applicable" should be specified, 
however, parties should consider the MAS Notice 
on Business Conduct Requirements for Corporate 
Financial Advisers on 23 February 2023 and the 
related due diligence requirements, and "Not 
Applicable" should only be specified if no 
corporate finance advice is given by any Manager 
or Dealer.)]

--- Page 105 ---
97
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes that are Exempt Notes will be in the 
following form and will be completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Exempt Notes and 
their issue.  Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing 
Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.  The relevant Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Notes that are Exempt Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which will, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
complete and/or amend and/or replace such Conditions for the purpose of such Exempt Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an "EU 
distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, an EU 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook  is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures

--- Page 106 ---
98
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED) (THE "EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION"), INCLUDING AS IT FORMS PART OF UK 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA, FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●]  
JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A 
Contractual Terms 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 November 2024 [and the supplement(s) to 
it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has 
been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that 
base prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[30 April 2015]/[29 April 
2016]/[28 April 2017]/[18 June 2018]/[5 July 2019] /[13 July 2020]/[14 July 2021]/[2 November 
2022]/[2 November 2023]] (the "Original Base Prospectus"), which are incorporated in the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 November  2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement for the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
2  
To be included if the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and if the Notes are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate 
notes, the product classification of the Notes as "prescribed capital markets products" under the SFA may need to be 
reassessed.

--- Page 107 ---
99
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i) 
Series:] 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche:] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 (or equivalent) are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000]].")
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date:
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Trade Date:
[●] 
(If more than one, specify the initial trade date) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the UK, or (b) the activity 
of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, 
(i) the Notes must have a minimum redemption

--- Page 108 ---
100
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to "professional 
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption 
from Section 19 of the FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/ 
SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
other] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon] 
[Range Accrual] 
[specify other]
[(further particulars specified below)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
amount] [specify other] 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call]
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding

--- Page 109 ---
101
Business Day Convention/ No Adjustment][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. Note: 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]] 
(viii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes which 
are Exempt Notes: 
[None/give details] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Period/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives.  If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
(Text to be included where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR and the Observation Method is Payment 
Delay. Specified Interest Payment Dates will not 
normally be subject to adjustment where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR and the Observation 
Method is Payment Delay.)
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment/ specify other][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
102
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination/ specify 
other] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of 
this sub-paragraph)

Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate/Weighted Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 

Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out and Payment Delay are only 
applicable where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 

Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 

Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 

D: 
[365/360/[●]] days 

ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 

Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
('Index Determination' should only be specified as 
'Applicable', if the 'Calculation Method' is 
specified as 'Compounded Daily Rate', If 'Index 
Determination' is 'Applicable', insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant 
Number, 
and 
the 
bullets 
under 
'Calculation Method' should be specified as 'Not 
Applicable'.) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', 
delete 'Relevant Number' and complete the bullets 
under 'Calculation Method'.) 

Relevant Number 
[5]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate 
[[●] month EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]

--- Page 111 ---
103
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] (if EURIBOR) 
[[●] London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/T2 Settlement Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period] 
[specify other] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)
– 
Relevant Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (Brussels time)] 
– 
Rate Cut-Off Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Observation Method is 
Payment Delay)
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions))
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period). 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
– 
[Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days

--- Page 112 ---
104
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]] 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
Rate Multiplier: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ix) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
CMS Reference Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– 
Margin Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
EUR CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
– 
USD CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 
(Fixed)
Actual/365 
(Sterling)
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[specify other]

--- Page 113 ---
105
[as per the [2006]/[2021] ISDA Definitions]
(xiv) 
Relevant Rates Benchmark: 
[●]
(xv) 
Other Relevant Rates 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify any applicable Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which is not a Reference Rate. 
Otherwise delete line)
(xvi) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of 
each Relevant Rates Benchmark) 
(xvii) Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other 
terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on 
Floating Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[    ] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
(iv) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable 
for Zero Coupon Notes which 
are Exempt Notes 
[    ] 
16. 
Range Accrual Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Condition Type: 
[Single Rate Range Accrual/Spread Range 
Accrual/Dual Rate Range Accrual/Dual Spread 
Range Accrual] 
(ii) 
Single Rate Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Range Accrual Floating Rate 
1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination]

--- Page 114 ---
106
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Spread Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
B. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2: 
– 
Variable: 
[[plus] [minus] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable)

--- Page 115 ---
107
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier: 
[●] 
(iv)  
Dual Rate Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier 1: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier 1: 
[●] 
B. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA

--- Page 116 ---
108
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
 Lower Barrier 2: 
[●] 
– 
 Upper Barrier 2: 
[●] 
(v)  
Dual Spread Range Accrual: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
A. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 1: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
B. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 2: 
– 
Variable: 
[[plus] [minus] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable)

--- Page 117 ---
109
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier 1: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier 1: 
[●] 
C. Range Accrual Floating 
Rate 3: 
– 
Floating Rate  
Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(if Screen Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'Screen 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(vii) above 
and complete as applicable) 
(if ISDA Determination is applicable, insert in this 
paragraph the relevant items from 'ISDA 
Determination' in paragraph 14(viii) above and 
complete as applicable) 
(if CMS Rate Determination is applicable, insert 
in this paragraph the relevant items from 'CMS 
Rate Determination' in paragraph 14(ix) above 
and complete as applicable) 
– 
Lower Barrier 2: 
[●] 
– 
Upper Barrier 2: 
[●] 
(vi)  
Observation Number of 
Business Days: 
[●]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Conditions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Repeat as necessary if more than one of the above 
Interest Types applies]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Non-Sterling 
Make-Whole Amount]/[Sterling Make-Whole 
Amount] 
(a) 
[Reference Bond: 
[●]] 
(b) 
[Quotation Time: 
[●]]

--- Page 118 ---
110
(c) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[●]] 
(d) 
[Determination Date: 
[●]] 
(e) 
[Discount Basis: 
[●]] 
(f) 
[Make-Whole Reference 
Date] / [Spens Call Reference 
Date]: 
Maturity Date/[●]] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18.  
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
(ii)  
Clean-up Call Option 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
[Issue Date/[specify]] 
19.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/See 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●]

--- Page 119 ---
111
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/See 
Appendix]/ 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[Not Applicable (If both the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) and the Early Termination Amount 
are the principal amount of the Notes/specify the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes)/specify other/see Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Global Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Global Note] (If Notes to be held through the 
Relevant Clearing System)
[Individual Note Certificates] (If Notes not to be 
held through the Relevant Clearing System)
23. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes / No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraphs 13(vii) and 14(v) 
relate) 
25. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
other] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
"EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify other] does not 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that [legal 
name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsements 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable]]
[[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
other] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and

--- Page 120 ---
112
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify other] does not 
fall within the scope of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that [legal 
name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the UK, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
26. 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/ The provisions of Condition 21 
apply.] 
27. 
Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: applicable for 
Condition 6(f): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
as 
per 
the 
Conditions] 
[Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[None] [Specify] (specify in respect of each 
Relevant Rates Benchmark)] 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs] / [Early 
Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) 
– Fair Market Value] shall apply] / [Not 
Applicable] 
29. 
Other terms and conditions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC.
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
113
Part B 
Other Information 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market – note this must not be an EEA regulated market] with 
effect from [●].]/[The Notes are not listed.] 
2. 
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]]] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the EU or in the UK and is not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the EU or in the UK but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU or in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the EU or in the UK but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the EU or in the UK and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK

--- Page 122 ---
114
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU or in the UK and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
[The Notes being issued have not been rated.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/Give Details] (See "Use of Proceeds" wording 
in the Base Prospectus - if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here).
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CINS: 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
CFI/FISN: 
The CFI and FISN for the Notes will be set out 
on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN for the 
Note (as applicable). 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 123 ---
115
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Registrar (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper), and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7.  
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Additional selling restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If

--- Page 124 ---
116
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(vii)
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
 
only: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors in Singapore only, 
"Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes are also offered to investors other 
than Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors in Singapore, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified, however, parties should consider the 
MAS Notice on Business Conduct Requirements 
for Corporate Finance Advisers on 23 February 
2023 and the related due diligence requirements, 
and "Not Applicable" should only be specified if 
no corporate finance advice is given by any 
Manager or Dealer.)]

--- Page 125 ---
117
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Clearing System Accountholders
References in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" or "Holder" are references to 
the person in whose name such Global Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for 
so long as the Global Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by 
the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise 
any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so 
long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the registered owner of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Global Notes
Whenever a Global Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of 
the Global Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in 
whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such 
person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar. Such 
exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms 
of the Global Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final 
redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount 
of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder 
of the Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above), and the holder of the Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would

--- Page 126 ---
118
have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes 
they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments
All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment 
of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  
All payments of interest in respect of a Series of Notes represented by a Global Note shall be calculated 
in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the relevant Global Note. 
Exercise of Put Option
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders), 
if applicable in respect of a Series of Notes, the holder of the Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of 
such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial Exercise of Call Option
In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer), if applicable in respect of a Series of Notes, in relation to some only of the Notes or Global 
Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions. The rights 
of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes of such Series will be governed by the 
standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) and/or other clearing system. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the Notes are listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall also 
be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the 
Irish Times). 
Notices
Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange 
so require, notice shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland 
(which is expected to be the Irish Times). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:

--- Page 127 ---
119
(A)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of all 
holders of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the quorum was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and  
(B)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or, where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately 
beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via one 
or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the Issuer has obtained commercially 
reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken reasonable steps 
to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or instruction 
and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. As used in this paragraph, "commercially reasonable evidence" includes any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system, or issued by an accountholder or participant of them or an 
intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. Any such 
certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
(including Euroclear’s Easy-Way or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal 
or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such 
holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid 
or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued 
by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.
Redenomination
If the Notes are redenominated pursuant to Condition 21 (Redenomination), then following 
redenomination: 
(a) 
if Individual Note Certificates are required to be issued, they shall be issued at the 
expense of the Issuer in such denominations as the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the amount of interest due in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes and the amount 
of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01.

--- Page 128 ---
120
Record Date  
The Record Date under Condition 10(f) (Record Date) for any Global Note will be the close of business 
on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the due date for such payment, where 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Note is being held is open for business.   
Payment Business Day  
In the case of a Global Note, if the currency of payment is euro, a "Payment Business Day" shall be any 
day which is a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, a "Payment 
Business Day" shall be any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
The Issuer intends that the Notes may be held by or on behalf of a nominee for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safekeeper. This does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 129 ---
121
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of any Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 130 ---
122
JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC.  
Overview
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the "Issuer"), together with its subsidiaries (the "Group"), is a U.S. 
headquartered global full-service investment banking and capital markets firm. The Group's business 
strategy focuses on continuing to build out its investment banking effort, enhancing its capital markets 
businesses and further developing its Leucadia Asset Management alternative asset management 
platform. The Issuer's largest subsidiary, Jefferies LLC, was founded in the United States in 1962. The 
Group also has regional offices in London and Hong Kong. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Richard Handler acts as Chief Executive Officer of Jefferies 
Financial Group Inc. and is a Director, whereas Brian Friedman acts as President and is also a Director, 
and Joseph Steinberg acts as Chairman.  
The rights of shareholders of the Issuer are contained in the amended and restated certificate of 
incorporation and the amended and restated by-laws of the Issuer, and the Issuer is managed in 
accordance with those documents and with the provisions of the laws of the State of New York. 
The Group's global headquarters and executive offices are located at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, 
New York 10022. The Group's primary telephone number is +1 (212) 284-2300 and its website address 
is www.jefferies.com. No part of this website is incorporated by reference in, or forms part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Management 
Board of Directors and Other Executive Officers  
Following is a description of certain information concerning the Issuer's board of directors (the 
"Board") and other executive officers. 
Linda L. Adamany 
Ms. Adamany has been a director of the Issuer since 2014. Ms. Adamany is the chair of the Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee, and serves as a member of the Audit and ESG/DEI Committees 
of the Issuer.  She has been the Independent Lead Director of the Issuer since March 2022. Ms. 
Adamany has also been a director of Jefferies International Limited since 2021, where she is the Chair 
of its Remuneration Committee, and is a member of its Audit, Nominations, and Risk Committees. She 
has additional experience serving on the boards of directors and committees of other public companies, 
including an ethics committee and audit committee as chair, as well as previous compensation and 
corporate governance committees experience. Ms. Adamany served in several capacities at BP plc from 
1980 until her retirement in August 2007, most recently from April 2005 until August 2007 as a member 
of the Refining & Marketing Executive Committee responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations 
and human resources management of BP plc’s Refining and Marketing business segment. She also 
served as Executive Assistant to the Group Chief Executive from October 2002 until March 2005, and 
as Chief Executive of BP Shipping from October 1999 until September 2002. Ms. Adamany serves as 
a director, member of the Environmental, Health, Safety and Social Responsibility Committee and 
Chair of the Audit Committee of Coeur Mining Inc., the largest U.S.-based primary silver and gold 
producer, listed on the NYSE. Ms. Adamany also serves as a director of BlackRock Institutional Trust 
Company, N.A., where she serves as a member of their Audit and Risk Committees. Ms. Adamany 
serves as a director of Vitesse Energy, Inc. which was spun off to shareholders of the Issuer in January 
2023, serving also on Vitesse Energy, Inc.'s Audit, Compensation (Chair) and Nominating, Governance 
and Environmental and Social Responsibility Committees. From October 2017 through April 2019, Ms. 
Adamany also served as a director and member of both the Audit Committee and the Safety, Assurance 
and Business Ethics Committee of Wood plc, a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and 
technical services to energy and industrial markets, listed on the London Stock Exchange, following its

--- Page 131 ---
123
acquisition of AMEC Foster Wheeler plc. Prior to that time, from October 2012 until October 2017, 
Ms. Adamany served as a member of the board of directors of AMEC Foster Wheeler plc, and chaired 
the Health, Safety, Environmental and Reputation Committee and served as a member of the Audit, 
Nominations & Governance, and Compensation Committees. Ms. Adamany also served as a member 
of the board of directors of National Grid plc from October 2006 until October 2012. Ms. Adamany is 
a C.P.A. and holds a B.S. in Business Administration with a major in Accounting, magna cum laude, 
from John Carroll University. 
Robert D. Beyer 
Mr. Beyer has been a director of the Issuer since 2013 as well as serving on the boards of directors and 
committees of other public and private companies, including audit, compensation and corporate 
governance committees. Mr. Beyer serves on the Risk and Liquidity Oversight Committee, and is the 
Chair of the Compensation Committee of the Issuer. Mr. Beyer is Chairman of Chaparal Investments 
LLC, a private investment firm and holding company. He was Executive Chairman of Crescent 
Acquisition Corp, a special-purpose acquisition company, until its merger with LiveVox Holdings, Inc. 
in 2021. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Beyer served as Chief Executive Officer of The TCW Group, Inc., a 
global investment management firm. Mr. Beyer previously served as President and Chief Investment 
Officer from 2000 until 2005 of Trust Company of the West, the principal operating subsidiary of TCW. 
Mr. Beyer was a director of LiveVox Holdings, Inc., a NASDAQ listed company, from 2021 to 2023 
and served on the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. He also serves on the 
boards of the University of Southern California, the Harvard-Westlake School, and the Milwaukee 
Brewers Baseball Club. Mr. Beyer formerly served as a director of The Kroger Co. (from 1999 to 2019) 
and of The Allstate Corporation (from 2006 to 2016), each NYSE listed companies. Mr. Beyer was also 
formerly a director of Société Générale Asset Management, S.A. and The TCW Group, Inc. Mr. Beyer 
received an M.B.A. from the UCLA Anderson School of Management and a B.S. from the University 
of Southern California. 
Matrice Ellis Kirk 
Ms. Ellis Kirk was appointed a director of the Issuer in 2021 and serves on the ESG/DEI and Risk and 
Liquidity Oversight and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Ms. Ellis Kirk is the CEO 
of Ellis Kirk Group, a full-service executive search firm, focusing on governance, succession and 
leadership team development.  She was a Managing Director and a member of the Executive Committee 
at RSR Partners executive search firm from 2014 to 2021. Previously, she was with the international 
executive search firm, Heidrick & Struggles, from 1999 to 2014. From 1996 to 1999, Ms. Ellis Kirk 
was a director of Spencer Stuart, an executive search firm. Prior to her career in executive recruiting, 
Ms. Ellis Kirk was a Vice President of Apex Securities, an investment banking firm, from 1992 to 1996. 
From 1986 to 1992, she was Director of the Office of Management and Budget for Dallas Area Rapid 
Transit, a regional transit agency and, prior to that, from 1982 to 1986 she held several positions with 
MBank Dallas, the predecessor of the Dallas office of JPMorgan Chase Bank. Ms. Ellis Kirk served as 
a director of ACE Cash Express from December 2005 until October 2006 when ACE Cash Express was 
acquired by JLL Partners. Ms. Ellis Kirk also served as a director of Chancellor Media, which later 
became AMFM, Inc., from 1996 until October 1999 when it was acquired by Clear Channel. Ms. Ellis 
Kirk is the Chair Emeritus of the AT&T Performing Arts Center and is a Dallas City Council appointed 
board Chair of the DFW Airport Authority until March 2022 and resigned from the board in January 
2023.  Ms. Ellis Kirk graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in Economics. 
Brian P. Friedman 
Mr. Friedman has served as a director and President of the Issuer since 2013. Since 1997, Mr. Friedman 
has served as President of Jefferies Capital Partners (formerly known as FS Private Investments), a 
private equity fund management company now controlled by Mr. Friedman in which the Group has an 
ownership interest, and that is in the process of wind-down of its legacy funds. Mr. Friedman was 
previously employed by Furman Selz LLC and its successors, including serving as Head of Investment 
Banking and a member of its Management and Operating Committees. Prior to his 17 years with Furman

--- Page 132 ---
124
Selz and its successors, Mr. Friedman was an attorney with the New York City law firm of Wachtell, 
Lipton, Rosen & Katz. As a result of his management of various private equity funds and the significant 
equity positions those funds hold in their portfolio companies, Mr. Friedman serves on several boards 
of directors of private portfolio companies, and from 2012 to April 2021 has served on the board of 
directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., a public company that owns and operates two restaurant 
chains. Mr. Friedman serves as a director of Vitesse Energy, Inc. which was spun-off the shareholders 
of the Issuer in January 2023. Mr. Friedman also served as a board member of HomeFed Corporation, 
a publicly-listed real estate development company, from 2014 to July 2019. He is engaged in a range of 
philanthropic efforts and serves as the Co-Chairman of the Board of Strive International, a workforce 
training effort, and is a Board Member of the HC Leukemia Foundation. Mr. Friedman also serves as 
the Co-Chair of the Global Diversity Council at the Group. Mr. Friedman received a J.D. from Columbia 
Law School and a B.S. in Economics and M.S. in Accounting from The Wharton School, University of 
Pennsylvania. 
MaryAnne Gilmartin 
Ms. Gilmartin was appointed as a director of the Issuer in 2018 and is Chair of the Board of Directors 
of the ESG/DEI Committee. She is a member of the Compensation, Nominating and Corporate 
Governance, and Risk and Liquidity Oversight Committees. Ms. Gilmartin is the Founder and Chief 
Executive Officer of MAG Partners LP, a New York-based real estate development company she 
founded in 2020. Prior to founding MAG Partners, Ms. Gilmartin was Co-Founder and Chief Executive 
Officer of L&L MAG, a New York-based real estate development firm. After a successful two-year 
partnership with L&L MAG, Ms. Gilmartin spun out of L&L MAG to launch her own firm, MAG 
Partners. MAG Partners LP has a $1 billion development pipeline in New York, including RUBY at 
243 W. 28th St, a mixed-income residential building designed by COOKFOX. In addition, MAG 
Partners LP is developing two other residential buildings in New York City, 335 Eighth Avenue and 
300 East 50th St., as well as a boutique office building at 122 Varick Street. In partnership with 
Sagamore Ventures, Goldman Sachs Asset Management and MacFarlane Partners, MAG Partners LP 
is leading the development of Baltimore Peninsula, a 235-acre masterplan in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Previously, Ms. Gilmartin was the Chief Executive Officer and President of Forest City Ratner 
Companies, LLC, a subsidiary of Forest City Realty Trust, Inc. (formerly, Forest City Enterprises, Inc.) 
from April 17, 2013 until January 2018. Ms. Gilmartin served as an Executive Vice President of 
Commercial Development and Leasing of Forest City Ratner Companies, LLC until April 17, 2013 and 
co-managed the Commercial Development division. Ms. Gilmartin has been point person in the 
development of some of the most high profile real estate projects in New York City. She led the efforts 
to build Barclays Center, the state-of-the-art sports and entertainment venue and the centerpiece of the 
U.S.$4.9 billion, 22-acre mixed-use Atlantic Yards development in Brooklyn. Ms. Gilmartin oversaw 
the development of The New York Times Building; the New York by Gehry; and the Tata Innovation 
Center at Cornell Tech. In addition to these projects, Ms. Gilmartin directed the leasing of Forest City 
Ratner’s five million square foot commercial portfolio at MetroTech Center in Brooklyn, New York.  
Recently, Ms. Gilmartin served as interim Chief Executive Officer and chair of the Board of Directors 
of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, a publicly traded real estate investment trust. She was on the board 
of directors for the company from June 2019 to June 2021. Ms. Gilmartin also serves as Chair Emeritus 
of the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership, a member of the Executive Committee of the Brooklyn 
Academy of Music; a member of the New York Public Radio Board of Trustees; a member of the 
Executive Committee and Board of Governors of the Real Estate Board of New York; and as a member 
of the Industry Advisory Board of the MS Real Estate Development Program at Columbia University. 
Ms. Gilmartin graduated with a B.A. in Political Science, summa cum laude, and a Master of Public 
Administration, both from Fordham University. 
Richard B. Handler 
Mr. Handler was first elected to the board of the Group in 1990. Mr. Handler has served as a director 
and as Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer since 2013. Prior to joining the Issuer, Mr. Handler worked 
at Drexel Burnham Lambert in the High Yield Bond Department. Mr. Handler previously served as

--- Page 133 ---
125
Director, Co-Chairman and President of Landcadia Holdings, Inc., from 2016 to 2018, and Director, 
Co-Chairman and President of Landcadia Holdings II, Inc., from 2019 to 2020, and a Director, Co-
Chairman and President of Landcadia Holdings III, Inc. from 2020 to 2021, and a Director, Co-
Chairman and President of Landcadia Holdings IV, Inc. from 2021 to 2024. He is Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer of the Handler Family Foundation, a non-profit organization that focuses on many 
philanthropic areas, including four-year all-inclusive college educations each year to 15 of the most 
talented and deserving students coming from challenging backgrounds and circumstances. The 
Foundation also works to protect the environment by protecting endangered species, primarily 
endangered wolves. Mr. Handler also serves as the Chairman of the Global Diversity Council at the 
Issuer. Mr. Handler received an MBA from Stanford University in 1987 and a B.A. in Economics 
(magna cum laude, High Distinction) from the University of Rochester in 1983 where he also serves as 
Chairman of the Board of Trustees. 
Thomas W. Jones 
Mr. Jones was appointed a director of the Issuer in March 2022 and serves on the Audit, ESG/DEI, and 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Mr. Jones is Chair of the Risk and Liquidity 
Oversight Committee of the Issuer. Mr. Jones is Founder and Senior Partner of TWJ Capital, an 
investment firm. Mr. Jones is former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Global Investment 
Management at Citigroup, and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Asset 
Management with approximately $500 billion assets under management. Mr. Jones was appointed asset 
management CEO in August 1997, and sector CEO in August 1999, and continued in that capacity until 
October 2004. This business sector included Citigroup Asset Management, Citigroup Alternative 
Investments, Citigroup Private Bank, and Traveler’s Life & Annuity. Prior to joining Citigroup, Mr. 
Jones was Vice Chairman and Director of TIAA-CREF since 1995, President and Chief Operating 
Officer from 1993-1997, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1989-1993. 
Mr. Jones was Senior Vice President and Treasurer and other positions with John Hancock Mutual Life 
Insurance Company from 1982 to 1989, and spent the previous eleven years in public accounting and 
management consulting primarily with "Big 8" public accounting firm Arthur Young & Company 
(predecessor firm to Ernst & Young). Mr. Jones is a Certified Public Accountant.  Mr. Jones is a Director 
of Assured Guaranty Ltd and serves on their Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committees and is the Chair of the Compensation Committee. He is also Trustee Emeritus of Cornell 
University. His past board positions include Vice Chairman of Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
Altria Group, Freddie Mac, Fox Entertainment Group, Travelers Group, Pepsi Bottling Group, TIAA-
CREF, Eastern Enterprises, Thomas & Betts Corporation, Howard University, Investment Company 
Institute, and Economic Club of New York. Mr. Jones holds a Bachelor of Arts and Masters of Science 
degrees from Cornell University, and a Masters of Business Administration degree from Boston 
University. Mr. Jones has been awarded honorary doctoral degrees by Howard University, Pepperdine 
University, and College of New Rochelle. 
Jacob M. Katz 
Mr. Katz was appointed a director of the Issuer in 2018 and serves on the ESG/DEI and Risk and 
Liquidity Oversight Committees, and is Chair of the Audit Committee. He has been a director of 
Jefferies International Ltd. since November 2017. Mr. Katz was the national managing partner and 
global leader of financial services at Grant Thornton LLP from 2013 until his retirement in July 2016. 
Mr. Katz was employed by Grant Thornton for nearly 40 years, during which time he led Grant 
Thornton’s financial services practice for approximately 20 years. He held various other leadership 
roles at Grant Thornton, including as the Northeast region managing partner from 2010 to 2013, as the 
New York office managing partner from 2003 to 2013 and as a member of the firm’s partnership board 
from 1999 to 2012, holding the title of chairman of the board for much of that time. He served on the 
board of Herc Holdings Inc., a New York Stock Exchange listed company, for five years, and was the 
Audit Committee Chair at the company for part of his term. He is an advisor to private companies and 
has served on the boards of various not for profit organisations. Mr. Katz is a member of the National 
Association of Corporate Directors. Mr. Katz also served for a number of years on the Global Public 
Policy Committee (GPPC) - Bank Working Group, the global forum of representatives from the six

--- Page 134 ---
126
largest international accounting networks. Mr. Katz chairs the Risk Committee and also serves as a 
member of the Audit, Nominations and Remuneration Committees of Jefferies International Limited. 
Mr. Katz is a C.P.A. and received an M.B.A. in taxation from the City University of New York and a 
B.A. in accounting from Brooklyn College. 
Toru Nakashima 
Mr. Nakashima was appointed a director of the Issuer in August 2024.  Mr. Nakashima began his career 
in 1986 at The Sumitomo Bank, Limited. He assumed the position of General Manager of the Securities 
Business Planning Department in 2012 and the position of Managing Executive Officer and General 
Manager of the Corporate Planning Department in 2016.  In 2019, Mr. Nakashima was appointed Group 
CFO and Group CSO of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. ("SMFG").  In 2023, he was elected 
as a member of the Board of Directors and Deputy President of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, 
heading Global Corporate Banking Division; he also served as Deputy President and Executive Officer 
of SMFG, co-heading Wholesale Business Unit.  In November 2023, he was appointed President and 
Group Chief Executive Officer of SMFG.  Mr. Nakashima received an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck 
School of Business at Dartmouth College as an Edward Tuck Scholar, and a Bachelor of Engineering 
from The University of Tokyo. 
Michael T. O’Kane 
Mr. O’Kane has been a director of the Issuer since 2013. He serves on the Compensation and 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. He has additional experience serving on the 
boards of directors and committees of both public and private companies. From 1986 to 2004, Mr. 
O’Kane served in various capacities for TIAA, first as a Managing Director – Private Placements from 
1986 to 1990, then as Managing Director – Structured Finance from 1990 to 1996 and finally as Senior 
Managing Director – Securities Division from 1996 to 2004, when he was responsible for approximately 
$120 billion of fixed income and $3.5 billion of private equity assets under management. Since August 
2005, Mr. O’Kane has also served on the Board of Directors of Assured Guaranty until he retired in 
May 2022, and served on its Audit Committee, as Chair of its Finance Committee and a member of its 
Risk Oversight Committee. In addition, Mr. O’Kane served on the Board of Trustees of Scholarship 
America, a non-profit company engaged in providing scholarships for young students to attend college, 
from 2001 to 2006. Mr. O’Kane was also the Chief Financial Officer of Motor Coils Manufacturing 
Company during 1984 and 1985. Mr. O’Kane received an M.B.A. in Finance from Rutgers Graduate 
School of Business and an A.B. in Economics from Lafayette College. 
Joseph S. Steinberg 
Mr. Steinberg has been a director of the Issuer since December 1978, its Chairman since March 2013, 
and was the Issuer’s President from January 1979 until March 2013. He has experience with the Issuer’s 
other portfolio companies and investments, as well as on the boards of directors and committees of both 
public and private companies. Previously, Mr. Steinberg served as the representative as a board member 
overseeing its investments in HRG Group, Inc. from 2014 to 2018, HomeFed Corporation and Spectrum 
Brands Holdings, Inc. through 2019, and as a director of Fidelity & Guaranty Life from 2015 to 2017. 
Mr. Steinberg serves on the Board of Directors of Crimson Wine Group, Ltd., the Issuer’s former winery 
operations and Vitesse Energy, Inc., which was spun-off to the shareholders of the Issuer in January 
2023. Mr. Steinberg served on the board of directors of Pershing Square Tontine Holdings, Ltd., a 
special-purpose acquisition company from July 2020 until 2022. He received an M.B.A. from Harvard 
Business School and an A.B. in Government from New York University.  
Melissa V. Weiler 
Ms. Weiler was appointed a director of the Issuer in 2021 and serves on the Audit, Compensation and 
Risk and Liquidity Oversight Committees. Ms. Weiler was a Managing Director and a member of the 
Management Committee of Crescent Capital Group, a Los Angeles-based asset management firm 
("Crescent"), where she served from January 2011 until she retired in December 2020. During that 
time, Ms. Weiler oversaw Crescent’s CLO management business from July 2017 through December

--- Page 135 ---
127
2020 and managed several multi-strategy credit funds from January 2011 through June 2017. During 
her tenure at Crescent, she also served on the Risk Management and Diversity & Inclusion committees. 
From October 1995 to December 2010, Ms. Weiler was a Managing Director at Trust Company of the 
West, a Los Angeles-based asset management firm ("TCW"), where she managed several multi-
strategy credit funds from July 2006 to December 2010 and served as lead portfolio manager for TCW’s 
high-yield bond strategy from October 1995 to June 2006. Ms. Weiler serves as a director of the Board 
of Blue Owl Capital Corporation, formerly Owl Rock Capital Corporation, a NYSE listed specialty 
finance company focused on providing direct lending solutions to middle market companies. Ms. Weiler 
is concurrently serving on the Boards of Blue Owl Capital Corporation II, Blue Owl Capital Corporation 
III (listed on the NYSE via a Direct Listing in January 2024), Blue Owl Technology Finance Corp. I 
and II, Blue Owl Technology Income Corp., and Blue Owl Core Income Corp. Ms. Weiler is also a 
member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Audit Committees for all seven Blue Owl 
boards as well as a member of the Compensation Committee for Blue Owl Capital Corporation and 
Blue Owl Capital Corporation III. Ms. Weiler is a member of the Cedars-Sinai Board of Governors and 
is actively involved in the global industry association 100 Women in Finance. Ms. Weiler holds a B.S. 
in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. 
Michael J. Sharp 
Mr. Sharp was appointed as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Issuer in March 2013. 
Mr. Sharp served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Group from 2010 
until 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Sharp had been a partner with the law firm Wilmer Cutler 
Pickering Hale & Dorr LLP. 
Matt Larson 
Mr. Larson was appointed as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial 
Officer of the Issuer in November 2022. Mr. Larson served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Group 
since August 2020 until November 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Larson was the Chief Financial 
Officer of Barclays Americas and Barclays PLC's Global Markets from 2017 to 2020 and Managing 
Director, America's Controller of Barclays Investment Bank from 2014 to 2017. Previously, Mr. Larson 
was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs where he held several roles in the finance division. 
Mark Cagno 
Mr. Cagno was appointed as Vice President, Co-Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of the Issuer 
in November 2022. Mr. Cagno joined the Group in April 2008 as Global Controller. 
Business Address 
The business address of each member of the Board and each executive officer is 520 Madison Avenue, 
New York, NY 10022. 
Conflicts 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the 
duties to the Issuer of the members of the Board, as listed above, and their private interests and/or other 
duties. 
Additional Information 
Additional information on the Issuer and the Group is included in the Issuer's annual report on Form 
10-K for the year ended 30 November 2023, the Issuer's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period 
ended 31 August 2024 and the Issuer's Current Reports on Form 8-K, each incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.  
Alternative Performance Measures

--- Page 136 ---
128
The following table presents information regarding Alternative Performance Measures included in the 
Issuer's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 31 August 2024 and the Issuer's annual 
report on Form 10-K for the year ended 30 November 2023: 
Document 
APM 
Page 
Number 
Definition, 
components 
and basis of 
calculation 
Reconciliation 
Use 
Quarterly 
Report 
on 
Form 
10-Q 
filed with the 
SEC 
on 
9 
October 2024 
Tangible 
gross 
leverage 
ratio 
Page 57 
The definition, 
components 
and basis of 
calculation are 
set out on page 
57. 
A reconciliation to 
the leverage ratio, 
being total assets 
less goodwill and 
identifiable 
intangible 
assets 
divided 
by 
total 
equity, is set out on 
page 57. 
The tangible 
gross leverage 
ratio is used 
by 
rating 
agencies 
in 
assessing the 
Issuer’s 
leverage ratio. 
Annual 
Report 
on 
Form 
10-K 
filed with the 
SEC on 26 
January 2024 
Tangible 
gross 
leverage 
ratio 
Page 38 
The definition, 
components 
and basis of 
calculation are 
set out on page 
38. 
A reconciliation to 
the leverage ratio, 
being total assets 
less goodwill and 
identifiable 
intangible 
assets 
divided 
by 
total 
equity, is set out on 
page 38. 
The tangible 
gross leverage 
ratio is used 
by 
rating 
agencies 
in 
assessing the 
Issuer’s 
leverage ratio.

--- Page 137 ---
129
UNITED STATES TAXATION  
General 
The following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal tax consequences that may be relevant with 
respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. This summary addresses only the U.S. 
federal tax considerations of holders that are Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) that acquire Notes 
at their original issuance at their issue price (generally, the first price to the public at which a substantial 
amount of Notes is sold for money to persons other than bondhouses, brokers, or similar persons or 
organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers) and hold the 
Notes as "capital assets" (generally, property held for investment) within the meaning of Section 1221 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").  This discussion is a summary 
for general information only and, except as specifically noted below, does not purport to address all 
U.S. federal tax matters that may be relevant to the purchase, ownership, and disposition of any Notes 
to a particular Noteholder in light of its circumstances or to holders subject to special tax rules including, 
without limitation: (i) financial institutions; (ii) insurance companies; (iii) dealers or traders in stocks, 
securities, or currencies or notional principal contracts or other Non-U.S. Holders that generally mark 
their securities to market for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (iv) regulated investment companies; 
(v) real estate investment trusts; (vi) tax-exempt organizations; (vii) partnerships, pass-through entities, 
or persons that hold Notes through pass-through entities; (viii) holders that hold Notes as part of a 
straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes; (ix) persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income 
with respect to the Notes being taken into account in an applicable financial statement; (x) U.S. 
expatriates and former long-term residents of the United States, (xi) persons that actually or 
constructively own ten percent or more (by vote or value) of the Issuer's stock; (xii) passive foreign 
investment companies; and (xiii) controlled foreign corporations, each of whom may be subject to tax 
rules that differ significantly from those summarized below. This discussion also does not address U.S. 
federal tax considerations other than income tax considerations (e.g., estate or gift tax considerations), 
alternative minimum tax considerations, the Medicare contribution tax on investment income or non-
U.S., state or local tax considerations. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are urged to consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning 
Notes in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Moreover this summary does not address the United States federal income tax consequences of 
perpetual Notes and other Notes treated as equity or not properly treated as debt, in each case, for U.S. 
Federal income tax purposes, Notes with contingent payments or the potential implication of the United 
States tax shelter disclosure, registration and list maintenance regulations with respect to a particular 
Series of Notes, the United States federal income tax consequences of which will be set forth, if 
required, in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury Regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect and available on the date hereof. All of the foregoing 
are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the tax consequences 
described below. 
No opinion of counsel or United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") ruling has been or will be 
sought regarding any matter discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the IRS would not 
assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of those set forth below. The United 
States federal income tax consequences applicable to any Tranche of the Notes will depend upon the 
final terms or pricing supplement (as applicable) of such Notes, which may affect the consequences 
described below. 
A "Non-U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of a Note that is not a U.S. Person. As used herein, the term 
"U.S. Person" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) a 
citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organised in or under the 
laws of the United States or any political sub-division thereof or therein (including the District of

--- Page 138 ---
130
Columbia), (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation 
regardless of its source, and (iv) a trust, if (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary 
supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have the 
authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) the trust has made a valid election under 
U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
If a partnership holds Notes, the United States federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally 
depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a partnership 
holding the Notes should consult its tax advisor with regard to the United States federal income tax 
treatment of its investment in the Notes. 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of the Notes 
Under current United States federal income tax law, subject to the discussion below under the headings 
"—Information Reporting and Backup Withholding" and "—Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act", 
payments of interest on a Note by the Issuer or any Paying Agent to a Non-U.S. Holder should not be 
subject to withholding of United States federal income tax, provided that (1) such Non-U.S. Holder 
does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all 
classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote or 10 per cent. or more of the profits or capital interests of 
the Issuer, (2) such Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes that is related to the Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant 
to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest 
payments are not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of such Non-U.S. Holder 
within the United States, (4) such interest is not contingent on the Issuer's (or related party's) profits, 
revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from the definition of 
"portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (5) such Non-U.S. Holder provides a 
statement on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E signed under penalties of perjury certifying 
that it is a Non-U.S. Holder in compliance with applicable requirements (or otherwise satisfies certain 
documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a Non-U.S. Holder). If the requirements 
set forth above are not satisfied with respect to a Non-U.S. Holder, amounts treated as payments of 
interest generally will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30%, unless reduced under 
an applicable treaty or another exemption is applicable. 
Additionally, subject to the discussion below under the headings "—Information Reporting and Backup 
Withholding", a holder of a Note that is a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to United States federal 
income tax on gain realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note unless (1) the gain is 
effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of such Non-U.S. Holder within the United 
States, or (2) such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or 
more during the taxable year of the sale or maturity of the Notes and certain other requirements are met. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any portion of the amount realized by a Non-
U.S. Holder on a sale, exchange or redemption of a Note is attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, 
such portion shall be treated as a payment of interest as described above. 
Non-U.S. Holders engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the United States will not be 
subject to withholding United States federal income tax provided such Non-US Holder furnishes a 
properly completed IRS Form W-8ECI. They will be subject to United States federal income tax on a 
net income basis in the same manner as if such Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Person on any payments 
on a Note or any gain recognised on the sale, exchange, retirement, or other disposition of a Note to the 
extent such payments or gain are effectively connected with such trade or business. In addition, a 
Non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation engaged in a trade or business in the United States may 
be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate, if applicable) on its 
earnings and profits that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business within the 
United States.

--- Page 139 ---
131
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
A Non-U.S. Holder may be required to comply with certain certification procedures to establish that 
the holder is not a U.S. person in order to avoid backup withholding tax with respect to the Issuer's 
payment of interest on, or the proceeds of a sale or other disposition of, a Note. Any amounts withheld 
under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against that Non-U.S. Holder's 
U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. In 
certain circumstances, the name and address of such Non-U.S. Holder and the amount of interest paid 
on a Note, as well as the amount, if any, of tax withheld, may be reported to the IRS. Copies of these 
information returns may also be made available under the provisions of a specific treaty or agreement 
to the tax authorities of the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act ("FATCA"), a 30 per cent. withholding tax ("FATCA withholding") may be imposed 
on certain payments (including payments of U.S.-source interest) to Non-U.S. Holders or to certain 
foreign financial institutions, investment funds and other Non-United States Persons receiving 
payments on such Non-U.S. Holder's behalf if the Non-U.S. Holder or such persons fail to comply with 
certain information reporting and certification requirements. In general, certification of qualification for 
an exemption from withholding pursuant to FATCA is made on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. Payments of 
interest that a Non-U.S. Holder receives in respect of its Note could also be affected by this withholding 
if such Non-U.S. Holder is subject to the FATCA information reporting requirements and fail to comply 
with them or if such Non-U.S. Holder holds such Note through a Non-United States Person (e.g., a 
foreign bank or broker) that fails to comply with these requirements (even if payments to such Non-
U.S. Holder would not otherwise have been subject to FATCA withholding). Non-U.S. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. law and other official guidance on FATCA 
withholding. 
If an amount were to be deducted or withheld from interest or other payments on the Notes as a result 
of a Non-U.S. Holder's failure to comply with FATCA, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any 
other person would pursuant to the conditions of the Notes be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. Each prospective investor should consult its own tax 
advisor regarding the potential application of FATCA and related tax or information reporting 
requirements associated with an investment in the Notes. 
THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX DISCUSSION SET FORTH ABOVE IS INCLUDED FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE DEPENDING UPON 
A HOLDER'S PARTICULAR SITUATION. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN 
TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE 
ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE 
POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS.

--- Page 140 ---
132
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to Jefferies LLC, Jefferies International Limited and 
any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either on an ongoing basis in respect of the 
Programme or in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes.  The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an 
amended and restated dealer agreement dated 1 November 2024 (as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer and the Dealers.   
Any agreement for the issue and subscription of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such purchase.  The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Notes of the same Series 
may be subscribed to at different times and at different prices. Notes may be resold at prices to be agreed 
with the relevant Dealers. There can be no assurance that the Notes will be resold or that there will be 
a secondary market for them. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to 
time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to 
time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, 
certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, commercial 
banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Jefferies LLC and Jefferies International Limited are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer.  
General 
Other than with respect to the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and the admission to trading of any Notes on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or such stock exchange as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, no action has been or will be taken by 
the Issuer or any Dealer in any jurisdiction that would, or is intended to, permit a public offering of any 
Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession, distribute or publish the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to any 
Notes, in all cases at their own expense.  
Each Dealer will obtain any consent, approval or permission which is, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in or from which it makes any such purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery. Each Dealer will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all such laws 
and regulations.  
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or any of the Dealers has represented that Notes may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such 
sale. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplements 
constitute, nor may be used for or in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful 
to make such an offer or solicitation. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale

--- Page 141 ---
133
of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Dealers and the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a 
particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this document. 
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (other than 
a distributor) except in certain transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.   
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the Issue Date within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons (other than a distributor) and that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons substantially to the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing 
of the offering, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S."  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
If Further Notes (as defined in Condition 18 (Further Issues)) are issued during the distribution 
compliance period pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues) and it is intended that such Further Notes 
shall be fungible and form a single series with the original Notes from their Issue Date, then the 
distribution compliance period shall be extended for a further 40 days beginning on the later of the 
commencement of the offering of the Further Notes and the Closing Date within the United States. 
Terms used in the paragraphs above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any 
Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision:  
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 142 ---
134
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member 
State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the Pricing Supplement) in relation to such Notes to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of any Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and any Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any 
Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to

--- Page 143 ---
135
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"); and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to the UK, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in relation to such Notes to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the FCA, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms 
contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;  
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression.

--- Page 144 ---
136
Other regulatory UK restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute 
a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold, placed or 
underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect 
of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation, 2017 (as amended, the 
"MiFiD II Regulations"), including Regulation 5 (Requirement for Authorisation (and 
certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made 
under the MiFiD II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 
(as amended); 
(b) the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Irish Central Bank Acts 
1942 to 2019 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) the EU Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any 
rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; 
and 
(d) the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central 
Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
France
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in

--- Page 145 ---
137
France only to (a) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio management for the 
account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille 
pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own 
account, and/or (c) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) acting for their own 
account, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agree, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Note in the Republic of Italy 
except:  
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1, paragraph 4, of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and 
the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be:  
(i)
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services 
Act"), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from 
time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the "Italian Banking Act"); and  
(ii)
(ii) made in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or 
requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian 
authority. 
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Securities and 
Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong.   
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in

--- Page 146 ---
138
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than 
(a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; 
or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to 
the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, 
or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes 
specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only" as "Applicable", 
each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes 
specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA  or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 147 ---
139
GENERAL INFORMATION
1. 
Authorisation 
The Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed 
on 10 May 2023 and 28 March 2024.   
2.
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 549300HOF34RGOJ5YL07. 
3. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
A Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes 
of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement relating thereto. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative 
clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
4. 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official list and trading on its regulated market.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme that will be listed and admitted to trading 
on such other or further EEA Regulated Market(s) as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree.  The relevant Final Terms in respect of any such Series will specify whether or not the 
relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or whether the relevant Notes 
will be admitted to trading on any other EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets 
and/or stock exchanges.  Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme that will not be 
admitted to trading on any market, stock exchange or quotation system or that will only be 
admitted to trading on markets, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems that are not EEA 
Regulated Markets. The relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of any such Series of Exempt 
Notes will specify whether or not the relevant Exempt Notes will be admitted to trading on any 
non-EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets, stock exchanges, and/or quotation 
systems. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
5. 
Significant Change and Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 August 2024. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
taken as a whole since 30 November 2023. 
6. 
Litigation 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have,

--- Page 148 ---
140
or have had in such period, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
7. 
Available Information 
For the life of the Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent in London, 
13th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and electronic 
copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on the website of Euronext 
Dublin https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/29639/overview for 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a)
this Base Prospectus; 
(b)
the documents incorporated herein (including the financial statements incorporated by 
reference herein); 
(c)
any supplements to this Base Prospectus;  
(d)
any Final Terms; 
(e)
the Agency Agreement; and 
(f)
the Deed of Covenant. 
The Bylaws of the Issuer, as amended and restated can be found in the Issuer's annual report 
on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on 26 January 2024 on the Jefferies website at: 
https://s201.q4cdn.com/673481134/files/doc_financials/2024/ar/02/jefferies-annual-report-
2023-web.pdf.    
Any Pricing Supplement relating to an Exempt Note will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Exempt Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent as to its holding of such Exempt Notes and identity. 
8. 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The consolidated statements of financial condition as of 30 November 2023 and 2022 and the 
related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash 
flows for the years ended 30 November 2023 and 2022, prepared in accordance with GAAP, 
which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been audited by Deloitte & 
Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Issuer within 
the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the SEC and the Public 
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), as stated in their report, which is also 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Deloitte & Touche LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
and is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  
Deloitte & Touche LLP has its principal business office at 30 Rockefeller Plaza New York, NY 
10112.

--- Page 149 ---
THE ISSUER 
Jefferies Financial Group Inc.
520 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10022  
United States 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Jefferies International Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4JL 
England 
Jefferies LLC 
520 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
United States
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
TRANSFER AGENT 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISER 
To the Issuer as to English law
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
England
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street, 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
England 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
30 Rockerfeller Plaza 
New York, NY 10112 
United States