--- Page 1 ---
Jefferies Group LLC 
U.S.$2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
_______________________ 
Jefferies Group LLC (the “ Issuer”) has established a programme (the “ Programme”) under which it may from time to time issue notes (the 
“ Notes”). The Notes will be issued in series (each a “ Series”) with each Series comprising one or more tranches (each a “ Tranche”), outside the United 
States, with maturities of one month or more from the date of issue, which may be denominated in any currency, subject to compliance with applicable 
legal and/or regulatory requirements and which, other than Exempt Notes, will have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  The maximum principal amount of Notes outstanding under the 
Programme may not at any time exceed U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), provided that the Issuer reserves the right to increase 
such amount from time to time. The Issuer will prepare final terms (“ Final Terms”) to complete the Conditions (as defined herein) for each Tranche of 
Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the Issuer will prepare a pricing supplement (a “ Pricing Supplement”) to complete and/or 
amend and/or replace the Conditions.   
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time, and such 
appointments may be on an ongoing basis or for a specific issue (each a “ Dealer” and together the “ Dealers”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “ Central Bank”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “ Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates 
only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU (an “ EEA Regulated Market”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “ EEA”). Application will be made to the Irish 
Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“ Euronext Dublin”) for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued within 12 months of the date hereof, to 
be admitted to the Official List (the “ Official List”) and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on an EEA 
Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “ Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “ listed” in Ireland (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have been listed on Euronext Dublin. References in this Base Prospectus to “ Euronext Dublin” (and 
all related references) shall mean the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme that will be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further EEA Regulated Market(s) 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  The relevant Final Terms in respect of any such Series will specify whether or not the relevant Notes 
will be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or whether the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on any other EEA Regulated Market and, if so, 
on which markets and/or stock exchanges.  Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme that will not be admitted to trading on any market, stock 
exchange or quotation system or that will only be admitted to trading on markets, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems that are not EEA Regulated 
Markets. The relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of any such Series of Exempt Notes will specify whether or not the relevant Exempt Notes will be 
admitted to trading on any non-EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets, stock exchanges, and/or quotation systems. 
Notes will be issued in registered form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a global note (“ Global Note”) or by one or more 
individual note certificates (“ Individual Note Certificates”). A Global Note will be registered in the name of, and a certificate in respect of the Global 
Note (a “ Global Note Certificate”) will be registered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes in the name of (i) a common 
safekeeper (a “ Common Safekeeper”) (if the Global Note is intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “ NSS”)) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“ Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“ Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or any other clearing system located outside the United States and 
its possessions, specified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (each, an “ Alternative Clearing System” and each of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and any Alternative Clearing System being a “ Relevant Clearing System”) or (ii) a common depositary (a “ Common Depositary”) (if the 
Global Note is intended to be a classic global note) on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System. Beneficial interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates only in accordance with its terms. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA 
and/or offered to the public in the EEA and/or offered to the public other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
 
There are risks related to an investment in the Notes, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. See the risk factors affecting 
the Issuer and its business under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in the Form 10-K incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and the risk 
factors related to the Notes and the market generally under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of this Base Prospectus. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, which may constitute a benchmark under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 
of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation may 
have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administers and benchmarks at the 
date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or 
under the applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and, except as stated under “Subscription and Sale”, may not be offered, 
sold, or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States, its territories, its possessions, and other areas subject to its jurisdiction (the “United 
States”) or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act).

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the base prospectus dated 13 July 2020, as supplemented from time to time, in respect 
of the Programme. 
_______________________ 
Arranger and Dealer 
Jefferies 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
(iii) 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.   
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information included or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and declares that the information 
included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer.  
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty, or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information included or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement or any 
other information provided by the Issuer. The Dealers do not accept any liability in relation to the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. No responsibility is accepted by the Dealers or any of their directors, affiliates, 
advisers or agents for any act or omission of the Issuer, or any other person (other than the relevant 
Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. The Dealers do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor of any information coming to their attention.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall, in any circumstances, imply that the information included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof 
or that there has not been any change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any material adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries since the date 
hereof.  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase any Notes. Each investor should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. This Base 
Prospectus does not constitute an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or any Dealer which would permit a public offering of any Notes 
outside the EEA or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations, and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same 
terms. Persons into whose possessions this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves 
about, and observe any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Ireland, France, 
Italy, Japan, Hong Kong and certain other jurisdictions. The Notes have not been and will not be

--- Page 4 ---
(iv) 
 
 
registered under the Securities Act and, subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  
Credit ratings in respect of the Issuer have been issued by Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”), Moody’s Investors 
Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”) (together, 
the “Rating Agencies”). The Issuer has a long-term debt rating of BBB from Fitch, Baa3 from Moody’s 
and BBB- from S&P. Each Tranche of Notes may or may not be rated. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation.  
AS OF THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, THE RATING AGENCIES ARE NOT 
ESTABLISHED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
REGULATION (EC) NO. 1060/2009 (AS AMENDED, THE “CRA REGULATION”). RATINGS 
ISSUED BY FITCH HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY FITCH RATINGS LTD, WHICH IS 
ESTABLISHED IN THE UK AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE CRA REGULATION AS IT 
FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION 
(WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED, THE “EUWA”) (THE “UK CRA REGULATION”). 
RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY’S HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY MOODY’S INVESTORS 
SERVICE LTD., WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE UK AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE UK 
CRA REGULATION. RATINGS ISSUED BY S&P HAVE BEEN ENDORSED BY STANDARD & 
POOR’S CREDIT MARKET SERVICES EUROPE LIMITED, WHICH IS ESTABLISHED IN THE 
EEA AND IS REGISTERED UNDER THE CRA REGULATION. THE LATEST UPDATE OF THE 
LIST OF CREDIT RATING AGENCIES REGISTERED UNDER THE CRA REGULATION IS 
PUBLISHED ON THE EUROPEAN SECURITIES AND MARKETS AUTHORITY’S WEBSITE. THE 
LATEST UPDATE OF THE LIST OF CREDIT RATING AGENCIES REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UK CRA REGULATION IS PUBLISHED ON THE FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY’S 
WEBSITE. 
IN GENERAL, EUROPEAN REGULATED INVESTORS ARE RESTRICTED FROM USING A 
RATING FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES IF SUCH RATING IS NOT ISSUED BY A CREDIT 
RATING AGENCY ESTABLISHED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION AND REGISTERED UNDER 
THE CRA REGULATION UNLESS THE RATING IS PROVIDED BY A CREDIT RATING 
AGENCY OPERATING IN THE EUROPEAN UNION BEFORE 7 JUNE 2010 WHICH HAS 
SUBMITTED AN APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CRA 
REGULATION AND SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REFUSED. SIMILARLY, UK REGULATED 
INVESTORS ARE RESTRICTED FROM USING A RATING FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES IF 
SUCH RATING IS NOT ISSUED BY A CREDIT RATING AGENCY ESTABLISHED IN THE UK 
AND REGISTERED UNDER THE UK CRA REGULATION. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
OR, IN THE CASE OF EXEMPT NOTES, THE APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY 
OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING 
THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL.  HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY 
OCCUR.  ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON 
WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, 
BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE 
DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF 
THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES.  ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION 
OR 
OVER-ALLOTMENT 
MUST 
BE 
CONDUCTED 
BY 
THE 
RELEVANT 
STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 5 ---
(v) 
 
 
Nothing herein should be considered to impose on the recipient of this Base Prospectus any 
limitation on disclosure of the tax treatment or tax structure of the transactions or matters described 
herein. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references 
to “U.S.$” or “dollars” are to the currency of the United States, all references to “£” and “pounds 
sterling” are to the currency of the UK and all references to “€”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended (the “Treaty”). 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.  
IMPORTANT — EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT — UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
(vi) 
 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a UK manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 7 ---
(vii) 
 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference “forward looking statements”. 
Forward looking statements include statements about the Issuer’s future and statements that are not 
historical facts. These forward looking statements are usually preceded by the words “believe”, 
“intend”, “may”, “will”, or similar expressions. Forward looking statements may contain expectations 
regarding revenues, earnings, operations and other financial projections, and may include statements 
of future performance, plans and objectives. Forward looking statements also include statements 
pertaining to the Issuer’s strategies for future development of its business and products. Forward 
looking statements represent only the Issuer’s belief regarding future events, many of which by their 
nature are inherently uncertain. It is possible that the actual results may differ, possibly materially, 
from the anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Information regarding 
important factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those in the 
Issuer’s forward looking statements is included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
and other documents the Issuer files. Investors should read and interpret any forward looking 
statement together with these documents, including the following: 
● 
the description of the Issuer’s business under Item 1. “Business” in the Form 10-K 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
● 
the risk factors under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in the Form 10-K incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus and under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1; 
● 
the discussions of the Issuer’s analysis of financial condition and results of operations under 
Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations” in the Form 10-K and Item 2. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Form 10-Q, in each case incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
● 
the discussion of the Issuer’s risk management policies, procedures and methodologies under 
the caption “Risk Management” included within Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Form 10-K and Item 2. 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” 
in the Form 10-Q, in each case incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
● 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q, in 
each case incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
● 
cautionary statements the Issuer makes in its public documents, reports and announcements. 
Any forward looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made. The 
Issuer will not update any forward looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur 
after the date on which the statement is made, except as required by applicable law.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with Euronext Dublin or approved by the Central Bank, 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the Issuer’s annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 29 January 2021, including:  
• 
the consolidated statements of financial condition as of 30 November 2020 and 30 
November 2019; and;  
• 
the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in 
equity and cash flows for the year ended 30 November 2020 and the year ended 30 
November 2019; 
prepared in accordance with GAAP and available at: https://ir.jefferies.com/reports-
filings/sec-filings/sec-filings-details/default.aspx?FilingId=14651251; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s unaudited quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 31 May 2021 
as filed with the SEC on 9 July 2021, including the consolidated statements of financial 
condition as of 31 May 2020 and 31 May 2019 and the related consolidated statements of 
earnings and comprehensive income for the six months ended 31 May 2020 and 31 May 
2019, changes in equity for the six months ended 31 May 2020 and 31 May 2019 and 
cash flows for the six months ended 31 May 2020 and 31 May 2019, prepared in 
accordance with GAAP and available at: https://ir.jefferies.com/reports-filings/sec-
filings/sec-filings-details/default.aspx?FilingId=15085038; 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 May 2012 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ad63c659-49d4-46af-b21f-
5c4c0019fdf0.pdf;  
(iv) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 May 2013 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c3e646ba-3d5c-4f42-944c-
7cd353c9f549.PDF;  
(v) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 May 2014 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a5d0a7a7-594e-4d78-8aa8-
2918f078bc96.PDF?v=322015;  
(vi) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2015 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S.$2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_27a81d2f-df77-451d-8884-
a88c80f2a1f0.PDF?v=322016; 
(vii) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 April 2016 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
 
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_399dd887-91d4-4a56-88e3-
eee21791aa6c.PDF; 
(viii) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 April 2017 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+28.04_29058732-61fd-4c7b-b6d9-
8d353000e751.PDF; 
(ix) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 18 June 2018 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S. $2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9a302393-946b-4be5-9c78-
0d6b6830548c.PDF;  
(x) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 5 July 2019 in 
respect of the Issuer’s U.S. $2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_71cfbe47-cc1d-46c7-921f-
4f55abb2a6f0.PDF; and 
(xi) 
the terms and conditions included in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 July 2020 
in respect of the Issuer’s U.S. $2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme and 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_19ee6839-9f45-4a7a-a967-
0ea75ed8e9e0.PDF. 
Any documents incorporated by reference in the documents referred to above do not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed 
not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent in London, 13th Floor, 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Certain information incorporated by reference includes “Alternative Performance Measures”, as 
defined in the guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“APMs”). 
Additional information is set out below under the heading “Jefferies Group LLC – Alternative 
Performance Measures”.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, 
the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................vii 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................. viii 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
FORM OF THE NOTES....................................................................................................... 14 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................... 16 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 62 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT..................................................................................... 75 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........ 88 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................... 91 
JEFFERIES GROUP LLC .................................................................................................... 92 
UNITED STATES TAXATION ............................................................................................ 99 
CERTAIN EUROPEAN UNION TAX CONSIDERATIONS....................................................103 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..............................................................................................104 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...............................................................................................110

--- Page 12 ---
1 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Risks related to the Notes 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes 
in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and 
the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in 
one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way 
for potential investors to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes that are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. Some of these Notes may have 
features that contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain 
such features: 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may

--- Page 13 ---
2 
 
 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  See “Risks Related 
to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes — Notes Subject to Optional Redemption by the 
Issuer”. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would 
be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed within the United States 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer 
may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of holders of Notes to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all holders of Notes including holders that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders 
that voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  The Conditions also provide that the Fiscal Agent and 
the Registrar, may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of any of the 
provisions of Notes and the Deed of Covenant to correct a manifest error. 
Market making and resale of the Notes 
Affiliates of the Issuer, including the Arrangers and Dealers, may make a market in any Series of 
Notes. However, they are not obligated to make a market in the Notes and any market making may be 
discontinued at any time at the sole discretion of such affiliates without notice. Under interpretations 
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) staff, any resale within the United 
States by any such affiliate of the Issuer of any Notes so acquired must be made pursuant to an 
effective registration statement filed with the SEC or pursuant to exemptions from, or in transactions 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to FATCA  
The Issuer may, under certain circumstances, be required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations promulgated thereunder 
(“FATCA”) to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on payments of interest on the Notes to 
foreign financial institutions unless the payee foreign financial institution agrees, among other things, 
to disclose the identity of certain U.S. account holders at the institution (or the institution’s affiliates) 
and to annually report certain information about such accounts.  Payments of the foregoing amounts 
made to certain non-financial foreign entities that do not disclose certain information about any 
substantial U.S. owners (or certify that they do not have any substantial U.S. owners) may also be 
subject to withholding at the rate of 30 per cent. under FATCA. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments on the Notes as a result of a holder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none

--- Page 14 ---
3 
 
 
of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. 
Reliance upon clearing systems 
Notes may be represented by one or more Global Notes.  Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Note, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in 
a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, 
holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes 
to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes but will have to 
rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Change of law 
The Notes and all related contractual documentation and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or connected therewith are governed by English law. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the market generally 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, 
such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is 
already issued).  If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their 
initial offering price, depending upon, amongst other factors, currency exchange rates, prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer.  Although application has been made for the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to 
trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
Tranche of Notes. 
The effects of the outbreak and global spread of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) have 
negatively affected the global economy, the United States economy and the global financial 
markets, and may disrupt the Issuer’s operations and its clients’ operations, which could have an 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations 
The ongoing COVID-19 global and national health emergency caused significant disruption 
in the international and United States economies and financial markets. On 11 March 2020, the World 
Health Organisation declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. The outbreak and global spread of

--- Page 15 ---
4 
 
 
COVID-19 resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such 
as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and shutdowns of businesses and 
workplaces, and led to materially increased volatility and declines in financial markets and significant 
worsening of the macroeconomic outlook. The duration of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but 
could be prolonged, and even stricter measures may be put in place. Impacts to the Issuer’s business 
have been widespread and global, and material impacts may be possible, including the following: 
• 
employees contracting COVID-19; 
• 
reductions in its operating effectiveness as its employees work from home or disaster-recovery 
locations; 
• 
unavailability of key personnel necessary to conduct its business activities; 
• 
unprecedented volatility in global financial markets; 
• 
reductions in revenue across its operating businesses; 
• 
delay in planned entry into, or expansion of, investments or projects in China and surrounding 
areas; 
• 
closure of the Issuer’s offices or the offices of its clients; and 
• 
de-globalisation. 
The Issuer has taken precautions to protect the safety and well-being of its employees and 
customers. However, no assurance can be given that the steps being taken will be deemed to be 
adequate or appropriate, nor can the Issuer predict the level of disruption which will occur to its 
employees’ ability to provide customer support and service. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has 
resulted in meaningfully lower stock prices for many companies, as well as the trading prices for the 
Issuer’s securities. The further spread of the COVID-19 outbreak may materially disrupt banking and 
other financial activity generally and in the areas in which the Issuer operates. This would likely result 
in a decline in demand for the Issuer’s products and services, which would negatively impact its 
liquidity position and growth strategy. Any one or more of these developments could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries’ business, operations, consolidated 
financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Notes may be denominated or payable in one of a number of currencies. For investors whose 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency, an investment in the Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with 
a similar investment in a security denominated in that Investor’s Currency. Such risks include, 
without limitation, the possibility of significant changes in the rate of exchange between the Specified 
Currency and the Investor’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of 
exchange controls by the country of the Specified Currency or the Investor’s Currency. Such risks 
generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. In recent 
years, rates of exchange have been highly volatile and such volatility may be expected to continue in 
the future. Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that have occurred in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur in the future. Depreciation of the 
Specified Currency against the Investor’s Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on a Note denominated in that Specified Currency, in the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable at maturity of such Note and generally in the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of such Note. An appreciation of the Specified Currency 
against the Investor’s Currency would have the opposite effect. In addition, depending on the specific 
terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is related to the value of, one or more 
foreign currencies, changes in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies involved may result in a 
decrease of such Note’s effective yield and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss of all or a 
substantial portion of the principal of a Note to the investor. 
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose or modify, 
exchange controls which could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified foreign 
currency at the time of payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on a Note. Even if there

--- Page 16 ---
5 
 
 
are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note may 
not be available when payments on such Note are due. 
Rating 
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of 
the Issuer.  A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  Any adverse change in 
an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will disclose whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its 
legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
Regulation and reform of “benchmarks”, including LIBOR, EURIBOR, the CMS Rate and 
other interest rate benchmarks may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the 
past, or to be discontinued, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Constant Maturity Swap Rate (“CMS Rate”) and other interest rates and indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform 
differently than in the past, or to be discontinued, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any notes linked to such a 
“benchmark”. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the EU Regulation on Indices used 
as benchmarks and financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  The EU Benchmarks Regulation entered into 
force on 30 June 2016 and, subject to certain transitional provisions, took effect from 1 January 2018.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as 
amended by the Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 
has applied in the UK since the end of the transition period following the withdrawal of the UK from 
the U on 31 December 2020 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). The scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” 
indices such as LIBOR, EURIBOR and the CMS Rate will apply to many other interest rate indices 
which may be referenced in the Notes.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on “benchmark” rates or indices. In particular, 
the methodology or other terms of a “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
6 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation and any other international, 
national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
“benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to 
the discontinuation of certain “benchmarks”. The discontinuation of a “benchmark” or changes in the 
manner of administration of a “benchmark” could result in adjustment to the Conditions, early 
redemption, delisting or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such “benchmark”. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark”. 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which 
reference LIBOR 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced that the 
FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the 
administrator of LIBOR after 2021. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel 
banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forward. 
This may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past and may have other consequences 
that cannot be predicted. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the dates on which the various 
LIBOR rates in respect of various currencies will either cease to be provided or cease to be 
representative of their underlying market, with such end-date falling either on 31 December 2021 or 
30 June 2023, depending on the LIBOR setting. 
In order to address the effect of any such discontinuance of LIBOR (referred to above) and other 
reference rates, the Conditions include certain fallback provisions. These provisions apply to 
“Relevant Rates Benchmarks” (which will include LIBOR, EURIBOR, other similar interbank rates 
and any CMS Rate). The fallback provisions will be triggered if the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, determines that (i) the administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable 
regulatory body) in connection with such Relevant Rates Benchmark announces that the administrator 
has ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, or (ii) 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to such Relevant Rates Benchmark. 
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent, may replace the Relevant Rates Benchmark with any “Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate” which has been specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with an alternative rate that is consistent 
with accepted market practice for debt obligations such as the Notes. If an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate or other alternative rate is used then the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent, may also make other adjustments to the Notes, including to the new rate and to the Margin, 
which are consistent with accepted market practice. If the Issuer is unable to identify an alternative 
rate and determine the necessary adjustments to the terms of the Notes then the Issuer may redeem the 
Notes. 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Noteholder’s 
investment in the Notes. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 18 ---
7 
 
 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note 
that the Issuer, following consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and 
commercially reasonable manner, may determine that a spread adjustment is required to be applied to 
the successor rate. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there 
can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, that any such 
adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Administrator/Benchmark Events 
Where any variable by reference to which interest, principal or other amounts payable under the 
Notes is a “Relevant Rates Benchmark” for the purposes of the Conditions, the administrator or 
sponsor (or the Relevant Rates Benchmark) may be required to be authorised, registered, recognised, 
endorsed or otherwise included in an official register in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
to be permitted to use the Relevant Rates Benchmark and perform their respective obligations under 
the Notes. If the Issuer determines that such a requirement applies to the administrator or sponsor (or 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark) but it has not been satisfied then an “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event” will occur and the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, may then apply certain 
fallbacks. 
In the case where the Notes reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark, the fallbacks summarised in 
the risk factor entitled “Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating 
Rate Notes which reference LIBOR” above will apply. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which 
are possible reference rates for the Notes  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such 
as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates 
(“SOFR”) and the euro short-term rate (“€STR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, 
U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR 
over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous SONIA, SOFR or €STR referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in 
a number of material respects, including (without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most 
cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free overnight rates, whereas such 
interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a 
risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR 
and other interbank offered rates and any risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors 
in Notes which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
8 
 
 
Further, in contrast to LIBOR linked Notes or EURIBOR-linked Notes, if Notes referencing 
backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and payable under Condition 12 (Events of  
Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the 
Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates 
in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to 
change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such risk-free 
rates. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be 
widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such 
Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, 
and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
9 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest 
in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. Words and 
expressions defined in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein, respectively, shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
Issuer: 
Jefferies Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
of the Issuer 
NY9Q8VBNB6D1L6YV0J84 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Notes. 
Arrangers: 
Jefferies LLC and Jefferies International Limited.  
Dealers: 
Jefferies LLC, Jefferies International Limited and any other 
dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other entity or entities 
as may be appointed under the Agency Agreement. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG. 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank Europe Plc Ireland 
Calculation Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other entity or entities 
as may be appointed in relation to any Tranche of Notes. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. 
Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies), provided that the Issuer reserves the right to 
increase such amount from time to time, in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”). 
Currencies: 
Notes may be issued in any currency, subject to compliance 
with applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. Each issue 
of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time.  See “Subscription 
and Sale” herein. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement may provide that certain Notes 
may be redenominated in euro.  
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or at a premium over, par. 
Maturities: 
Notes may be of any maturity, subject to a minimum maturity 
of one month, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing

--- Page 21 ---
10 
 
 
Supplement or, in any case, such other minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or to Notes denominated in 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in registered form. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a Global 
Note or by one or more Individual Note Certificates. A Global 
Note will be registered in the name of, and the Global Note 
Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes to (i) a Common Safekeeper (if the 
Global Note is intended to be held under the NSS) for the 
Relevant Clearing System or (ii) a Common Depositary (if the 
Global Note is intended to be a classic global note) on behalf of 
the Relevant Clearing System. Beneficial interests in a Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, save that:  
(i) 
the minimum denomination of all Notes issued with an 
original maturity of 183 days or less from the Issue 
Date shall be U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent in the 
currency of issue);  
(ii) 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and  
(iii) 
the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Note is 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption or repayment, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest which will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and upon redemption or maturity 
and will be calculated on such basis as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 22 ---
11 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on 
the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2000 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as of 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series), or on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, on such other basis as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement).  
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each series of 
Floating Rate Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period will be payable on the first business day of the 
next Interest Period and on redemption or repayment, and will 
be calculated using the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the Issuer determines that a benchmark discontinuance event 
has occurred, then the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and using reasonable endeavours, consult with the 
Calculation Agent with a view to the Issuer determining an 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Rate 
and Spread Adjustment. See Condition 7 for further 
information. 
Interest Periods for Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Such period(s) as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum rate of interest, 
a minimum rate of interest or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount or at par and will not bear interest other 
than in the case of late payment. 
Exempt Notes 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions and this 
general description of the Programme, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing

--- Page 23 ---
12 
 
 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate whether Notes may 
be redeemed early for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default or at the option of the Issuer (an “Issuer Call”) and/or 
the Noteholders (an “Investor Put”) upon giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days irrevocable notice (or such other 
notice period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified and at a price or prices and on 
such terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Status: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
and rateably without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist under 
applicable law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will include a negative pledge as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will include a cross-default provision 
relating to indebtedness in excess of U.S.$50,000,000 as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Withholding Tax: 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of United States 
withholding taxes, save as set out in Condition 11 (Taxation). In 
that event, the Issuer will, subject to certain exceptions, pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect 
of such Notes had no such deduction been required. 
Listing: 
Applications have been or will be made for Notes (other than 
Exempt Notes) to be admitted during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on its regulated market. Notes may also 
be issued on the basis that they will be listed and admitted to 
trading on such other or further EEA Regulated Market(s) as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  The relevant Final 
Terms in respect of any such Series will specify whether or not 
the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin or whether the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading 
on any other EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which 
markets and/or stock exchanges.  Notes may also be issued on 
the basis that they will not be admitted to trading on any 
market, stock exchange or quotation system or that they will 
only be admitted to trading on markets, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems that are not EEA Regulated Markets. The 
relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of any such Series of 
Exempt Notes will specify whether or not the relevant Exempt

--- Page 24 ---
13 
 
 
Notes will be admitted to trading on any non-EEA Regulated 
Market and, if so, on which markets, stock exchanges, and/or 
quotation systems. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, including any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes, will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
distribution of the Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material to certain persons in the United States, the EEA, the 
UK, Ireland, France, Italy, Japan and Hong Kong, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 25 ---
14 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES  
Form 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a Global Note or by Individual Note 
Certificates. A Global Note will be registered in the name of, and the Global Note Certificate will be 
delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes to (i) a Common Safekeeper (if 
the Global Note is intended to be held under the NSS) for the Relevant Clearing System or (ii) a 
Common Depositary (if the Global Note is intended to be a classic global note) on behalf of the 
Relevant Clearing System. Beneficial interests in a Global Note will be exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates, represented by Individual Note Certificates only in limited circumstances, as further 
described in the Conditions. 
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will at all times be 
in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates”, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note”, 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any 
of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the 
registered holder of the Global Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses 
of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal 
amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Note at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete, or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement which completes and/or amends and/or 
replaces, those terms and conditions.

--- Page 26 ---
15 
 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it represented by Individual Note Certificates to the 
extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 27 ---
16 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it represented by Individual Note Certificates to the 
extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Jefferies Group LLC (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to U.S.$2,500,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes outstanding at any one time.  References herein 
to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
(b) 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which complete these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). Each 
Tranche of Exempt Notes is the subject of a pricing supplement (the “Pricing 
Supplement”) which, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
these Conditions, completes and/or amends and/or replaces these Conditions.  The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement (as applicable), the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement 
dated 14 July 2021 (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, up to and 
including the Issue Date of any Notes, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar, (the “Registrar” which 
expression includes any successor or additional registrar appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes), the paying agent named therein (together with the 
Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) 
the transfer agent named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, 
which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”, which expression includes any successor 
or additional calculation agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes).  In these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them.

--- Page 28 ---
17 
 
 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant 
Notes are constituted by an amended and restated deed of covenant dated 14 July 
2021 (the “Deed of Covenant”) entered into by the Issuer.  The Deed of Covenant 
provides for certain arrangements in the event that a Global Note (as defined therein) 
becomes void in accordance with its terms. 
(e) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement are available for viewing at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent and copies may be obtained from such office save that, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable 
by a holder of the Notes (individually a “Noteholder” and together, the 
“Noteholders”) holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
(f) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions.  The Noteholders are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to 
them.  Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Amortisation Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Business Day” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 29 ---
18 
 
 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business 
Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar 
Convention” means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will be 
the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then such date will be the first following day which is 
a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar 
month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will 
be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which 
is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Capital Lease Obligation” means, at any time any determination thereof is made, 
the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be so 
required to be capitalised on the balance sheet in accordance with GAAP;

--- Page 30 ---
19 
 
 
“Capital Stock”, as applied to the stock of any corporation, means the capital stock 
of every class whether now or hereafter authorised, regardless of whether such capital 
stock shall be limited to a fixed sum or percentage with respect to the rights of the 
holders thereof to participate in dividends and in the distribution of assets upon the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such corporation;  
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of the United States (as amended) and the 
regulations thereunder. 
“Consolidated Net Worth” means, with respect to any Person as of any date, the 
sum of (i) the consolidated equity of the members or common stockholders of such 
Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date plus (ii) the respective amounts reported 
on such Person’s balance sheet as of such date with respect to any series of preferred 
stock (other than Disqualified Stock) that by its terms is not entitled to the payment of 
dividends unless such dividends may be declared and paid only out of net earnings in 
respect of the year of such declaration and payment, but only to the extent of any cash 
received by such Person upon issuance of such preferred stock; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any 
period of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 31 ---
20 
 
 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, means (A) in respect of the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30 day month, or 
(ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened 
to 
a 
30-day 
month)); 
and 
(B) in 
respect 
of 
the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means (A) in respect of 
the 2000 ISDA Definitions, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or 
last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the date of final maturity is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to 
a 30-day month); and (B) in respect of the 2006 ISDA Definitions, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 32 ---
21 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
“Disqualified Stock” means any Capital Stock which by its terms (or by the terms of 
any security into which it is convertible of for which it is exchangeable), or upon the 
happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking 
fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in 
whole or in part, on or prior to the final date of maturity of the relevant series of 
Notes; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Default)” means the redemption amount (if any) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement;

--- Page 33 ---
22 
 
 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Exempt Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) (Programme); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“GAAP” means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America, as in effect from time to time; 
“Guarantee” means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable 
instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any 
manner (including, without limitation, letters of credit and reimbursement agreements 
in respect thereof), or all or any part of any Indebtedness; 
“Hedging Obligations” means, with respect to any Person, the Obligations of such 
Person under interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements, and interest 
rate collar agreements, and other agreements or arrangements designed to protect 
such Person against fluctuations in interest rates; 
“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any Person, any indebtedness of such Person, 
whether or not contingent, in respect of borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, 
notes, debentures of similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement 
agreements in respect thereof) or representing Capital Lease Obligations or the 
balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or representing any 
Hedging Obligations, except any such balance that constitutes an accrued expense or 
trade payable, if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness (other than letters 
of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of 
such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP, and also includes, to the extent not 
otherwise included, the Guarantee of any indebtedness of such Person or any other 
Person; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other 
date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date 
or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and, if a

--- Page 34 ---
23 
 
 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of 
such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means either (i) the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.) or (ii) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement) 
as 
published 
by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.), as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Lien” means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, or other 
encumbrance of any kind, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under 
applicable law; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
if the Issuer’s or any of the Subsidiaries’ investments in such Subsidiary at the date of 
determination thereof, represent 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer’s Consolidated Net 
Worth as of such date; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 35 ---
24 
 
 
“Non-United States Person” means a beneficial owner of a Note that is not a United 
States Person; 
“Noteholder”, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title); 
“Obligations” 
means 
any 
principal, 
premium, 
interest, 
penalties, 
fees, 
indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable under the 
documentation governing and Indebtedness; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 10(d) (Payments on 
Business Days);  
“Permitted Liens” means (a) Liens in favor of the Issuer; (b) Liens on any shares of 
Voting Stock of any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer (and any extensions, renewals or replacements 
thereof); (c) Liens to secure the performance of statutory obligations, surety or appeal 
bonds, performance bonds or other Obligations of a like nature incurred in the 
ordinary course of business; (d) mechanics’, materialmen’s, workmen’s, repairmen’s, 
warehousemen’s and carrier’s liens arising in the ordinary course of business; 
(e) easements, rights of way and other similar restrictions that do not materially 
adversely affect the use and enjoyment of the property subject thereto or affected 
thereby and (f) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that 
are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded, provided, that any reserve 
or appropriate provision as shall be required in conformity with generally accepted 
accounting principles shall have been made therefore; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, association, trust, organisation, state or agency of a 
state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Pricing Supplement” has the meaning given in Condition 1(b) (Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement);  
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that:

--- Page 36 ---
25 
 
 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member 
State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by 
any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, and in the case of CMS Rate 
Notes, is the CMS Reference Rate; 
“Register” means the register maintained by the Registrar in relation to the Notes; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 37 ---
26 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date fails 
other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or 
interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, 
to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsidiary” means a corporation more than 50 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer or by one or more other 
Subsidiaries, or by the Issuer and one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of 
this definition, “voting stock” means stock which ordinarily has voting power for the 
election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock 
has such voting power by reason of any contingency; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system which utilises a single shared 
platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007;

--- Page 38 ---
27 
 
 
“TARGET2 Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2, or any successor 
to such system, is open; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended;  
“United States” means the United States of America, which includes only the States 
and the District of Columbia; 
“United States Person” means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for United States 
federal income tax purposes: 
(i) 
any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
(ii) 
any corporation, partnership or other entity treated as a corporation or 
partnership created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or 
any political subdivision thereof; 
(iii) 
any estate if the income of such estate falls within the federal income tax 
jurisdiction of United States regardless of the source of such income; and 
(iv) 
any trust if a United States court is able to exercise primary supervision over 
its administration and one or more United States persons have the authority to 
control all of its substantial decisions or the trust elects under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations to be treated as a United States person; 
“Voting Stock” means any class or classes of Capital Stock pursuant to which the 
holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect 
at least a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees of any Person 
(irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any other class or classes shall 
have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency); 
and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a 
Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement; and 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement (as applicable) gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
28 
 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Denomination 
Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Title 
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each 
Holder of Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  
“Holder” means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered 
in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
“Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder.  No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(d) 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 3(g) (Closed Periods) and 3(h) (Regulations Concerning 
Transfers and Registration) below, a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the 
relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the 
Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence 
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require 
to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have 
executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Note may not be transferred 
unless the principal amount of Notes transferred and (where not all of the Notes held 
by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Notes not 
transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Registration and Delivery of Note Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with 
Condition 3(d) (Transfers) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question 
and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Notes transferred 
to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified 
Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) 
by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the 
purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this Condition 3(e), “business day” means a day 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Transfer Agent has its Specified Office.

--- Page 40 ---
29 
 
 
(f) 
No Charge 
The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
transfer. 
(g) 
Closed Periods 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes. 
(h) 
Regulations Concerning Transfers and Registration 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  
The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at 
all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, issue, incur, 
assume or Guarantee any Indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a Lien (other than 
Permitted Liens) upon any shares of the Voting Stock of a Material Subsidiary without 
effectively providing that the Notes (and if the Issuer so elects, any other indebtedness of the 
Issuer ranking on a parity with the Notes) shall be secured equally and ratably with, or prior 
to, any such secured Indebtedness so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments), as applicable.  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums

--- Page 41 ---
30 
 
 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be 
the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments).  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate 
(i) If Screen Rate Determination and Term Rate are both specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at

--- Page 42 ---
31 
 
 
11.00 a.m. (in the Relevant Financial Centre) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations.  
(ii) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or if, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the time specified in the preceding paragraph on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Reference Rate is an inter-bank 
offered rate and on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately the time specified on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro 
zone inter- bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(c)(iii), the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant

--- Page 43 ---
32 
 
 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(iv) If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being the CMS Rate, and on any Interest Determination Date 
one only or none of the Reference Banks are providing quotations for the 
Reference Rate, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner. 
(v) If the Floating Rate Notes of any Series become immediately due and 
repayable under Condition 12 (Events of Default), the rate and/or amount of 
interest payable in respect of them will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent at the same intervals as if such Notes had not become due and 
repayable, the first of which will commence on the expiry of the Interest 
Period during which the Notes of the relevant Series become so due and 
repayable mutatis mutandis in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) except that the rates of interest 
need not be published. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate 
(i) Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate – Non-Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and 
where the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement also specify: (i) the Calculation Method as Compounded Daily Rate and 
(ii) Index Determination as being “Not Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use), as applicable and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with 
the applicable Reference Rate – being either SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, and further described below – as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as further specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement in accordance with the relevant 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
Observation Shift 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement:

--- Page 44 ---
33 
 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑟𝑟i   × ni
𝐷𝐷
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
−1቏×𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“D” 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“d” 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
“do” 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in such Observation Period; 
“i” 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant Business 
Day in such Observation Period; 
“RBD” 
means a “Relevant Business Day”, being: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or 
(c) 
if €STR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, a 
TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
“ni” 
for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day “i” to (but excluding) the following Relevant 
Business Day; 
“Observation Period”  means, in respect of a relevant Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the 
date which is “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
Relevant Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” 
means, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days specified as the Observation Shift Period in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant

--- Page 45 ---
34 
 
 
Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five Relevant 
Business Days); 
“r” 
means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) 
the applicable SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day 
or (if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reference Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day or (if “€STR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable €STR rate in respect of 
such Relevant Business Day; and 
“ri” 
means, for any Relevant Business Day, the applicable SONIA rate, 
SOFR rate or €STR rate (as applicable) as set out in the definition of 
“r” above in respect of the such Relevant Business Day.  
Lag 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
 
 
where: 
“D” 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“d” 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such` 
Interest Period;  
 “do” 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 “i” 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Relevant Business Day in such 
Interest Period; 
“RBD” 
means a “Relevant Business Day”, being: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
or

--- Page 46 ---
35 
 
 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or 
(c) 
if “€STR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement s the 
applicable Reference Rate, a TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
“ni” 
for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day “i” to (but excluding) the following Relevant 
Business Day; 
“p” 
means the number of Relevant Business Days included in the Lag 
Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if no 
such number is specified, five Relevant Business Days);  
“r” 
means,  in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate) 
the applicable SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day 
or (if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day or (if “€STR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable €STR rate in respect of 
such Relevant Business Day; and 
“ri-pBD” 
means, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, the applicable SONIA rate, SOFR rate or €STR rate (as 
applicable) as set out in the definition of “r” above in respect of the 
Relevant Business Day falling “p” Relevant Business Days prior to 
the applicable Relevant Business Day “i”. 
Lock-out 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑟𝑟i   × ni
𝐷𝐷
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
−1቏×𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“D” 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“d” 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period;

--- Page 47 ---
36 
 
 
“do” 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant Business 
Days in such Interest Period;  
“i” 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Relevant Business Day in such 
Interest Period; 
“RBD” 
means a “Relevant Business Day”, being: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or 
(c) 
if “€STR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, a 
TARGET2 Settlement Day; 
“ni” 
for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day; 
“r” 
means:  
(a) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is a 
Reference Day, (if “SONIA” is specified in relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable 
SONIA rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day or (if “SOFR” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in 
respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day or (if “€STR” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate) the 
applicable €STR rate in respect of such Relevant Business 
Day, and 
(b) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Relevant Business Day in the Lock-
out Period), (if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable 
SONIA rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
37 
 
 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date) or (if “SOFR” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference 
Rate), the applicable SOFR rate in respect of the Relevant 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date) or (if 
“€STR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the applicable Reference Rate), the applicable €STR rate in 
respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such 
last 
Reference 
Day 
coinciding 
with 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date);  
“ri” 
means the applicable SONIA rate, SOFR rate or €STR rate (as 
applicable) as set out in the definition of “r” above for the applicable 
Relevant Business Day “i”; 
“Reference Day” 
means each Relevant Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any Relevant Business Day in the Lock-
out Period; and 
“Lock-out Period”  
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the day following the Interest Determination 
Date (which shall be not less than three Relevant Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and shall be 
not less than five Relevant Business Days without prior 
written approval of the Calculation Agent) for such Interest 
Period to (but excluding) (A) the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period or (B) if different, the date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due. 
(ii) Calculation Method – Weighted Average Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and 
where the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement also specify the Calculation Method as Weighted Average Rate, the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), as applicable and as provided below, be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement) the 
applicable Margin, where: 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means, as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the following sub-
paragraphs (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(A) 
where ‘Lag’ is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the sum of the Reference Rates in respect of each

--- Page 49 ---
38 
 
 
calendar day during the relevant Observation Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period (and, for 
these purposes, the Reference Rate in respect of any such calendar 
day which is not a Relevant Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day); or 
(B) 
where ‘Lock-out’ is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, the sum of the Reference Rates in respect of 
each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period (and, for these 
purposes, the Reference Rate in respect of any such calendar day 
which is not a Relevant Business Day shall, subject to the following 
proviso, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day), 
provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period 
falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate will be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a relevant Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date which is “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
Relevant Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable). 
(iii) Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate – Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and 
where the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement also specify: (i) the Calculation Method as Compounded Daily Rate and 
(ii) Index Determination as being “Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, and as provided below, be the relevant Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus the applicable Margin (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement). 
If “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate shall be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate, where:  
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen 
rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of 
the SONIA rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
further specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the

--- Page 50 ---
39 
 
 
relevant Pricing Supplement (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“d” 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to 
(but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded 
IndexEnd is determined; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if 
no such number is specified, five); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling 
the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period; and 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling 
the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (i) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (ii) such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period). 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time 
for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of the SONIA rate or of such other information service, as the 
case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily Reference Rate” determined 
in accordance with Condition 7(d)(i) above as if “Index Determination” were 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as being “Not Applicable”, and for these purposes: (i) the 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the 
“Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
If “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate shall be the Compounded Daily SOFR Rate, where:

--- Page 51 ---
40 
 
 
“Compounded Daily SOFR Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“dc”  
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if 
no such number is specified, five); 
“SOFR”  
means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the 
SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; 
 “SOFR Index”, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR 
Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Determination 
Time”); 
“SOFR IndexStart”, with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR Index value for 
the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period; 
“SOFR IndexEnd”, with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of 
the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not 
published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded Daily SOFR Rate for the applicable Interest Period

--- Page 52 ---
41 
 
 
for which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate” determined in accordance with Condition 7(d)(i) above as if “Index 
Determination” were specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as being “Not Applicable”, and for these 
purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” 
and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections 
had been made in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
(iv) Fallback provisions – SONIA 
Where SONIA is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate, then if, in 
respect of any Relevant Business Day on which an applicable SONIA rate is required 
to be determined, such SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), then (unless 
the Agent has been notified of any Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and any related Spread Adjustment and/or adjustment 
determinations) pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use), if applicable) the SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day shall be: 
(A) 
the sum of (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank  Rate”) 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such 
Relevant Business Day and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five Relevant Business Days 
on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate under 7(d)(iii)(A) above is not available at the 
relevant time, either (1) the SONIA rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on which 
the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (2) if 
this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (A) above, 
and, in each case, “r” shall be construed accordingly under Condition 7(d) (Screen 
Rate Determination – Overnight Rate). 
(v) Fallback provisions – SOFR 
Subject to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where 
SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate then if, in respect of 
any Relevant Business Day, such Reference Rate is not available, then (unless the 
Agent has been notified of any Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and any related Spread Adjustment and/or adjustment 
determinations) pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use), if applicable) the SOFR in respect of such Relevant Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR for the first preceding Relevant Business Day

--- Page 53 ---
42 
 
 
on which the SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and “r” 
shall be construed accordingly under Condition 7(d) (Screen Rate Determination – 
Overnight Rate). 
(vi) Fallback provisions – €STR 
Subject to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where 
€STR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the applicable Reference Rate then if, in respect of 
any Relevant Business Day, such Reference Rate is not available, then (unless the 
Agent has been notified of any Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and any related Spread Adjustment and/or adjustment 
determinations) pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use), if applicable) the €STR in respect of such Relevant Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the €STR for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on 
which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page, and “r” shall be 
construed accordingly under Condition 7(d) (Screen Rate Determination – Overnight 
Rate). 
(vii) 
Further fallbacks – SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with any of 
the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 7(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) (as applicable), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting where a different Margin, Business Day 
Convention, Interest Determination Date (or any other rate fixing 
date) and related provisions and definitions of the Notes is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Business Day Convention, 
Interest Determination Date (or any other rate fixing date) and related 
provisions and definitions of the Notes (as the case may be) relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Business Day 
Convention, Interest Determination Date (or any other rate fixing 
date) and related provisions and definitions of the Notes (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for 
the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Business Day 
Convention, Interest Determination Date (or any other rate fixing 
date) and related provisions and definitions of the Notes, applicable 
to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
(e) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
“ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation

--- Page 54 ---
43 
 
 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London interbank offered 
rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any 
other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(f) 
CMS Rate Determination 
If CMS Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes (the 
“CMS Rate Notes”) for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
CMS Rate (or the rate as determined in accordance with the provisions below) or, if a 
Margin Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of: (a) the Margin; 
and (b) the CMS Rate (or the rate as determined in accordance with the provisions 
below) multiplied by the Margin Multiplier, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If the CMS Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at or around the 
Relevant Time, the Calculation Agent shall determine a percentage on the basis of the 
mid-market annual swap rate quotations or mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
quotations, as applicable, provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11:00 
a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. The Calculation Agent will request the principal office 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of its rate, and 
(i) 
if at least three quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); and 
(ii) 
if fewer than three quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination Date will remain the rate for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period, or, if none, the rate will be the Initial Interest Rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes hereof,  
“annual swap rate” means the mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-for-floating 
Specified Currency interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, commencing on that Interest Determination Date and in 
a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap

--- Page 55 ---
44 
 
 
market, where the floating leg, calculated on basis of the Day Count Fraction, is 
equivalent to the EUR CMS Floating Leg Rate;  
“CMS Rate” means the CMS Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page at or around the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;  
“CMS Reference Rate” means the Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, with a Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement;  
“EUR CMS Floating Leg Rate” means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, with a Designated Maturity (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) of six months; 
“Margin Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Banks” means five leading swap dealers selected by the Issuer in the 
relevant interbank market; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at or around the Relevant Time as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion;  
“semi-annual swap rate” means the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-
annual fixed leg, calculated on basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-
for-floating Specified Currency interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, commencing on that Interest Determination 
Date and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on basis of the Day Count 
Fraction, is equivalent to the USD CMS Floating Leg Rate; and  
“USD CMS Floating Leg Rate” means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, with a Designated Maturity (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) of three months.  
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination – Term 
Rate), Condition 7(d) (Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate), 7(e) (ISDA 
Determination), 7(f) (CMS Rate Determination) or any other provision of these 
Conditions, if the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, determines that 
any of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for

--- Page 56 ---
45 
 
 
the currency of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that, in the view of 
such regulatory supervisor, such Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such 
Relevant Rates Benchmark has materially changed; or 
(iv) 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark, 
then the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, may use, as a substitute 
for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each future Interest Determination Date 
(or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates benchmark determined in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(A) 
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, for this purpose (an “Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate”), such Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate; 
or; 
(B) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the 
Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the alternative reference rate, index or benchmark 
selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is 
consistent with accepted market practice (the rate determined under 
sub-paragraph (A) above or this sub-paragraph (B), the “Alternative 
Rate”). 
The Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, may determine the Spread 
Adjustment for the Alternative Rate or the Margin, as well as the applicable Business 
Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and 
related provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with 
accepted market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate or Margin for debt 
obligations such as the Notes. 
If the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, determines that no such 
Alternative Rate exists on the relevant date, it may determine an alternative rate to be 
used as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark (which shall be the 
“Alternative Rate” for the purposes of these provisions), as well as any adjustments 
to the Margin (including the Spread Adjustment), the Business Day Convention, the 
Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions 
and definitions in respect of the Notes, in each case, that are consistent with accepted

--- Page 57 ---
46 
 
 
market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the 
Notes. 
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to 
Noteholders to inform them of the occurrence of any of events listed in Conditions 
7(f)(i) to 7(f)(iv) above, the Alternative Rate and any adjustment determinations 
which will apply to the Notes. The notice shall also confirm the effective date of the 
Alternative Rate and any adjustments. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 7(f), if the Issuer, in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent, determines that the selection of a particular index, 
benchmark or other price as an “Alternative Rate” (taking into account any necessary 
adjustments that would need to be made in accordance with this Condition 7(f)): (1) is 
or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation; or (2) would contravene 
any applicable licensing requirements; or (3) would result in the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent being considered to be administering a benchmark, index or other 
price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory 
obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Issuer shall not select such 
index, benchmark or price source as the Alternative Rate. 
If the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, is unable to identify an 
Alternative Rate and determine the necessary adjustments to the terms of the Notes, 
then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, determine that the Notes shall be 
redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so determines that the Notes shall be 
redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days’ notice to the 
Noteholders to redeem the Notes and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect 
of each Note an amount equal to either: 
(1) 
If “Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - 
Fair Market Value Less Costs” is specified in the Final 
Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the fair market value of such Note, on such date 
as is selected by the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion (provided that 
such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to 
that Notes of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/ or any 
affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any 
affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, all 
as calculated by the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion; or 
(2) 
If “Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - 
Fair Market Value” is specified in the Final Terms, the fair 
market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the 
Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more 
than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the 
Note), as calculated by the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion.  
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of 
such amount. 
For the purposes hereof:

--- Page 58 ---
47 
 
 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of any Notes, determination 
by the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, that any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in 
any official register in respect of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or the administrator 
or sponsor of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or 
has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that 
any of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Rates Benchmark to perform its of 
their respective obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“Relevant Rates Benchmark” means, in respect of any Notes: 
(i) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Rate of Interest 
on Fixed Rate Notes; 
(ii) 
each Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) (or, if 
applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions)); or 
(iii) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a “Relevant 
Rates Benchmark” in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; and 
“Spread Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Rate Multiplier 
If any Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Placing Supplement, then the Reference Rate, average of 
References Rates, CMS Rate or ISDA Rate (as applicable) shall be multiplied by the 
Rate Multiplier stated to be applicable. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 59 ---
48 
 
 
(k) 
Calculation of Other Amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at 
which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount.  The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
(l) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) 
to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall publish the Interest Amount in relation to the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(m) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by 
the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents and the Noteholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant

--- Page 60 ---
49 
 
 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest, if any, if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts on such Notes pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings 
promulgated thereunder) of the United States or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which any person (including 
any person acting as underwriter, broker or dealer) agrees to purchase any of such 
Notes pursuant to their original issuance, and such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such additional interest were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 9, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by 
an officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) a legal opinion, from lawyers of 
recognised standing in the United States, to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obligated to pay such additional amounts on such Notes pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of such change or amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial Redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed 
shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and 
in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with

--- Page 61 ---
50 
 
 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  Any conditions 
and/or circumstances that must be satisfied before a Put Option can be exercised will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement.  In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), 
the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note and a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), 
the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
No Other Redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 9(a) (Scheduled Redemption) to 9(e) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) above. 
(g) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the 
Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 62 ---
51 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(g) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes must be cancelled if they are redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or purchased and surrendered 
for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9(h) (Purchase) and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next

--- Page 63 ---
52 
 
 
following Payment Business Day.  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account, payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a 
Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be 
initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed 
(i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the 
later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is 
surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of 
a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Note shall not be entitled to 
any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque 
mailed in accordance with this Condition 10 arriving after the due date for payment or 
being lost in the mail.  For the purposes of this Condition 10(d), “Payment Business 
Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign currencies) in the 
relevant place of presentation (in the case of Notes in definitive form 
only); and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET2 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign currencies) in the 
relevant place of presentation (in the case of Notes in definitive form 
only); and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
(e) 
Partial Payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Registrar will 
annotate the Register with a record of the amount and date of such payment and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, endorse on the 
relevant Note Certificate a statement indicating the amount and the date of such 
payment. 
(f) 
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in 
the Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on 
the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”).  Where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as 
the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant 
Record Date.

--- Page 64 ---
53 
 
 
11. 
Taxation 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as 
additional amounts to the holder of any Note that is beneficially owned by a Non-United 
States Person such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Note, 
after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or 
other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the United States, 
will not be less than the amount provided in such Note to be then due and payable. However, 
the Issuer will not be required to make any such payment of additional amounts for or on 
account of: 
(a)  
any tax, assessment or other government charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (i) the existence of any present or former connection (or relationship) between 
such Noteholder or beneficial owner of such Note (or between a fiduciary, settlor or 
beneficiary of, or a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner, if 
such holder or beneficial owner is an estate or a trust, or a member or shareholder of 
such holder, if such holder is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, 
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner (or such fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or having 
been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or business 
or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or (ii) 
such Noteholder’s past or present status as a personal holding company, foreign 
personal holding company, foreign private foundation or other foreign tax-exempt 
organisation with respect to the United States, passive foreign investment company, 
controlled foreign corporation or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid 
United States federal income tax; or 
(b)  
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, wealth or personal property tax or 
any similar tax, assessment, withholding, deduction or other governmental charge; or  
(c)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for: (i) the presentation by the holder of a Note for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date; or (ii) a change in law, regulation or administrative or 
judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment 
becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; or 
(d)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note; or 
(e)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent from a payment on a Note, if such payment can be made 
without such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent; or 
(f)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, 
identification, information or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, 
residence, identity or connection with the United States of the holder or the beneficial 
owner of a Note if such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United 
States or by a tax treaty of the United States, as a precondition to relief or exemption 
from such tax, assessment or other government charge; or 
(g)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on (i) a holder or 
beneficial owner that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer or that is a controlled 
foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership or is a bank that 
acquired such Note (or beneficial interest therein) in consideration of an extension of 
credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of

--- Page 65 ---
54 
 
 
business, or (ii) contingent interest as described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code 
(generally, interest that is determined with reference to the cash flow, profitability, 
value of property of, or distributions of the Issuer or a related person thereto); or 
(h)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is imposed by the United 
States pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (the so-called “FATCA” 
provisions), any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other 
jurisdiction, or relating to any inter-governmental agreement between the United 
States and any other jurisdiction which facilitates FATCA or any agreement pursuant 
to the implementation of FATCA with the United States; or 
(i)  
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is imposed by the United 
States (i) on any “dividend equivalent” within the meaning of Section 871(m) of the 
Code or (ii) as a result any Note being characterised, in whole or in part, as something 
other than debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or  
(j)  
a payment on a Note to a holder or beneficial owner that is a fiduciary, partnership, 
limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity or other than the sole 
beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to 
such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have 
been entitled to the additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the holder of such Note; or 
 
(k)  
any combination of sub-paragraphs (a) to (j) above. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
“Event of Default”, with respect to Notes of any Series, means any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Notes of that Series when it 
becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 
days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Notes 
of that Series at its Maturity Date; or 
(iii) 
default in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, when and as due by the 
terms of Notes of that Series and continuance of such default for a period of 
30 days; or 
(iv) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer under the 
Notes (other than a covenant a default in whose performance or whose breach 
is elsewhere in this Condition specifically dealt with or which has expressly 
been included in the Conditions solely for the benefit of a Series of Notes 
other than the relevant Series), and continuance of such default or breach for 
a period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar by the Noteholders of at least 
25 per cent. in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series or 
Tranche and a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring 
it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” 
hereunder; or

--- Page 66 ---
55 
 
 
(v) 
the Issuer shall fail to pay any Indebtedness in excess of U.S.$50,000,000 
owing by the Issuer, or any interest or premium thereon, when due (whether 
by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or 
otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if 
any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, 
or the Issuer shall fail to perform any term, covenant or agreement on its part 
to be performed under any agreement or instrument evidencing or securing or 
relating to any such Indebtedness, if the effect of such failure in either case is 
that the maturity of such Indebtedness is duly accelerated, without such 
Indebtedness having been discharged or such acceleration having been 
rescinded or annulled, in each such case, within a period of 10 days after 
there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the Registrar by Noteholders of at least 25 per cent. in 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series, a written notice 
specifying such default and requiring the Issuer to cause such Indebtedness to 
be discharged or cause such acceleration to be rescinded or annulled, as the 
case may be, and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” hereunder; 
or 
(vi) 
the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (i) a decree or order 
for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case or proceeding under 
any applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the 
Issuer a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition 
seeking reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in 
respect of the Issuer under any applicable United States Federal or State law, 
or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator 
or other similar official of the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, 
or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of 
any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed 
and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or 
(vii) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case or proceeding under any 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganisation or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be 
adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a 
decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case or 
proceeding under any applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of 
any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it 
of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganisation or relief under any 
applicable United States Federal or State law, or the consent by it to the filing 
of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, 
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of 
the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of 
corporate action by the Issuer in furtherance of any such action; or 
(viii) 
any other Event of Default set out in the Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement with respect to Notes of the 
relevant Series.

--- Page 67 ---
56 
 
 
(b) 
Acceleration 
Subject to these Conditions, if an event of default with respect to the Notes of a 
particular Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then in such case 
the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
of such Series may declare the Early Redemption Amount (Default) (being the 
amount so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement and if no such amount is specified, the principal 
amount thereof) and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes of the Series to be 
due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the Registrar, and upon any such declaration such Early Redemption Amount 
(Default) (or other specified amount) and interest shall become immediately due and 
payable. Upon payment of such amounts in the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of payment of principal and 
interest on such Notes shall terminate. 
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration of the Notes of a Series has been 
made, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such 
Series, by written notice to the Issuer, may, on behalf of all Noteholders of such 
Series, waive such event of default and rescind and annul such declaration and its 
consequences if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Fiscal Agent a sum in the currency 
in which such Notes are denominated sufficient to pay: 
(A) 
all overdue instalments of interest on such Notes; 
(B) 
the amounts of principal (and premium, if any, on) such Notes that 
have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration 
and interest thereon at the rate prescribed therefor in these 
Conditions; 
(C) 
to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon 
overdue instalments of interest on each such Note at the rate or rates 
prescribed therefor in such Notes; and 
(D) 
all sums paid or advanced by the Paying Agents and the reasonable 
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Paying 
Agents; provided, however, that all sums payable under this 
sub-paragraph (D) shall be paid in U.S. dollars; and 
(ii) 
all defaults and events of default with respect to such Notes, other than the 
non-payment of principal of and interest on the Notes that have become due 
solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as 
provided in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and 
Waiver). 
No such rescission and waiver shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right 
consequent thereon. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Notes shall become void unless 
the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 68 ---
57 
 
 
14. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note or Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar (and, if the Notes are 
then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject 
to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer 
may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes or Note Certificates must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor 
fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and, so long as there are Notes 
outstanding, a Registrar; and 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall 
be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 
one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at 
any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not.

--- Page 69 ---
58 
 
 
 (b) 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the 
opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Consolidation, Merger, Conveyance Transfer or Lease 
(a) 
When Issuer May Merge 
The Issuer may not, in a single transaction or through a series of related transactions, 
consolidate with or merge with or into any other person, or, directly or indirectly, sell, 
lease, assign, transfer or convey its properties and assets as an entirety or substantially 
as an entirety (computed on a consolidated basis) to another person or group of 
affiliated persons, and another person or group of affiliated persons may not directly 
or indirectly sell, lease, assign, transfer or convey its properties and assets as an entity 
or substantially as an entity (computed on a consolidated basis) to the Issuer, unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall be the continuing person, or the person (if other than the 
Issuer) formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or to 
which all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Issuer are 
transferred as an entirety or substantially as an entirety (the Issuer or such 
other person being hereinafter referred to as the “Surviving Person”), shall 
be a corporation organised and validly existing under the laws of the United 
States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and shall expressly 
assume, all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
immediately after giving effect to such transaction and the assumption of the 
obligations as set forth in (i), above, none of the events of default described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default) shall have occurred and be continuing. 
(b) 
Successor Corporation Substituted 
Upon any consolidation or merger, or any transfer of assets in accordance with 
Condition 17(a) (When Issuer May Merge), the Surviving Person formed by such 
consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or to which such transfer is made 
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, 
the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if such 
Surviving Person had been named as the Issuer herein. When a Surviving Person duly 
assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer pursuant hereto and pursuant to the Notes, 
the predecessor shall be relieved of the performance and observance of all obligations 
and covenants under the Notes and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited 
to the obligation to make payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on all the 
Notes then outstanding, and the Issuer may thereupon or any time thereafter be 
liquidated and dissolved. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
59 
 
 
19. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or 
(if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of 
mailing.  In the case of Notes which are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) and, if the rules of that exchange so require, such 
notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Dublin 
(which is expected to be the Irish Times). 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
“second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the 
Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any 
order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a 
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert 
the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates 
of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Application 
Condition 21 (Redenomination) is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable. 
(b) 
Notice of Redenomination 
If the country of the Specified Currency is, becomes, or announces its intention to 
become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders and the 
Paying Agents, designate a date (the “Redenomination Date”), being an Interest 
Payment Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on which such country 
becomes a Participating Member State. 
(c) 
Redenomination 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal 
amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate 
for conversion of such currency into euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with European Union regulations); 
provided, however, that if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the

--- Page 71 ---
60 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, that then market practice in respect of the redenomination into 
euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed and the 
Paying Agents of such deemed amendments;  
(ii) 
If Notes have been issued in individual certificated form, new Individual 
Note Certificates denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for 
Individual Note Certificates denominated in the Specified Currency in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar may specify from the date on 
which the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders that replacement Notes 
denominated in euro are available for exchange, as shall be notified to 
Noteholders in such notice. 
(iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination 
Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a 
sub-division of the euro, payments of interest in respect of periods 
commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro by 
cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to, a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of any Member State of 
the European Union. 
(d) 
Interest 
Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 21, where Notes 
are represented by Individual Note Certificates, the amount of interest due in respect 
of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes presented for payment by the relevant holder. 
(e) 
Interest Determination Date 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable and 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the 
Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET2 Settlement 
Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with 
one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and 
(d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards.

--- Page 72 ---
61 
 
 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
(b) 
English Courts 
The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (“Proceedings”) and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Process Agent 
Any Proceedings which are commenced in England pursuant to Condition 23(b) 
(English Courts) may be served on it by being delivered to the Issuer at Jefferies 
International Limited, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4JL or at any other address of 
the Issuer in the UK at which process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 
of the Companies Act 2006 or any successor provision thereto.  Nothing in this 
Condition 23(c) shall affect the right of the Noteholders to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 73 ---
62 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form and will be 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue.  Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 74 ---
63 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●]  
JEFFERIES GROUP LLC 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): NY9Q8VBNB6D1L6YV0J84 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A 
Contractual Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 July 2021 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions f rom 
that base prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [[3 May 2012]/[3 May 2013]/[9 May 
2014]/[30 April 2015]/[29 April 2016]/[28 April 2017]/[18 June 2018]/[5 July 2019]/[13 July 2020]] 
(the “Original Base Prospectus”), which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
14 July 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1189, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
[When completing final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
[(iii)  
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [insert description 
of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date].] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, include details 
of that Series, including the date on which the

--- Page 75 ---
64 
 
 
Notes become fungible). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 (or equivalent) are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof[ up to and including [€199,000]].”) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(If different from the Issue 
Date) 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the UK, or (b) the activity 
of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, 
(i) the Notes must have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to “professional 
investors” or (ii) another applicable exemption 
from Section 19 of the FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 76 ---
65 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
amount] 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. Note: 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not

--- Page 77 ---
66 
 
 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Period/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives.  If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate/Weighted 
Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
− Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
− Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
− Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
− D: 
[365/360/[●]] days 
− ARRC 
Fallbacks: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR)

--- Page 78 ---
67 
 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(‘Index Determination’ should only be specified as 
‘Applicable’, if the ‘Calculation Method’ is 
specified as ‘Compounded Daily Rate’, If ‘Index 
Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant 
Number, 
and 
the 
bullets 
under 
‘Calculation Method’ should be specified as ‘Not 
Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the bullets 
under ‘Calculation Method’.) 
− Relevant 
Number 
[5]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●] 
month 
[LIBOR 
/ 
EURIBOR]/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
 
[●] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which 
TARGET2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
– 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Rate Multiplier: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000]/[2006] 
(ix) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
CMS Reference Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 79 ---
68 
 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– 
Margin Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
EUR CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
– 
USD CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[as per the [2000/2006] ISDA Definitions] 
(xiv) 
Relevant Rates Benchmark: 
[●] 
(xv) 
Other Relevant Rates 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify any applicable Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which is not a Reference Rate. 
Otherwise delete line) 
(xvi) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of 
each Relevant Rates Benchmark) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
69 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[Not Applicable(If both the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) and the Early Termination Amount 
are the principal amount of the Notes/specify the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Global Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Global Note] (If Notes to be held through the 
Relevant Clearing System) 
 
[Individual Note Certificates] (If Notes not to be 
held through the Relevant Clearing System)  
21. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes / No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15(ii), 16(v) and 
18(x) relate) 
23. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and

--- Page 81 ---
70 
 
 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable]]  
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA 
pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
24. 
Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: applicable for 
Condition 7(f): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
as 
per 
the 
Conditions] 
 
[Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[None] [Specify] (specify in respect of each 
Relevant Rates Benchmark)] 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs] / [Early 
Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply] / [Not Applicable] 
25. 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/ The provisions of Condition 21 
apply.] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Programme for the issuance of 
U.S.$2,500,000,000 Euro Medium-Term Notes of Jefferies Group LLC 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
JEFFERIES GROUP LLC 
 
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 82 ---
71 
 
 
Part B 
Other Information 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [●].]   
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading 
[●]

--- Page 83 ---
72 
 
 
2. 
BENCHMARKS (Floating Rate Notes) 
 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify benchmark (as this term is 
defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ 
European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/ 
does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
As far as the issuer is aware, [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/ the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the 
benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.] 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify benchmark (as this term is 
defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ 
European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/ 
does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
As far as the issuer is aware, [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does not fall within the 
scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation / the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ European 
Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the UK, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate

--- Page 84 ---
73 
 
 
if there are other interests)] 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need f or 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CUSIP 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
CINS 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Registrar (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper), and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting

--- Page 85 ---
74 
 
 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7.  
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/ Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Additional selling restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 86 ---
75 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes that are Exempt Notes will be in the 
following form and will be completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Exempt Notes and 
their issue.  Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing 
Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.  The applicable Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Notes that are Exempt Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which will, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
complete and/or amend and/or replace such Conditions for the purpose of such Exempt Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 87 ---
76 
 
 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
(AS AMENDED) (THE “PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
DESCRIBED BELOW. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●]  
JEFFERIES GROUP LLC 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A 
Contractual Terms 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 July 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions f rom 
that base prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[3 May 2012]/[3 May 
2013]/[9 May 2014]/[30 April 2015]/[29 April 2016]/[28 April 2017]/[18 June 2018]/[5 July 2019] 
/[13 July 2020]] (the “Original Base Prospectus”), which are incorporated in the Base Prospectus 
dated 14 July 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes 
described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [insert description 
of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date].] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, include details 
of that Series, including the date on which the

--- Page 88 ---
77 
 
 
Notes become fungible). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i) 
Series:] 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche:] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 (or equivalent) are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof[ up to and including [€199,000]].”) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(If different from the Issue 
Date) 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the UK, or (b) the activity 
of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, 
(i) the Notes must have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to “professional 
investors” or (ii) another applicable exemption 
from Section 19 of the FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/ 
SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify other] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other]

--- Page 89 ---
78 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
amount] [specify other] 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. Note: 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]] 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/give details] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/,

--- Page 90 ---
79 
 
 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Period/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives.  If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ No Adjustment/ specify other][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination/ specify 
other] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate/Weighted 
Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
− Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
− Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
− Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[●] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
− D: 
[365/360/[●]] days 
− ARRC 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
80 
 
 
Fallbacks: 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(‘Index Determination’ should only be specified as 
‘Applicable’, if the ‘Calculation Method’ is 
specified as ‘Compounded Daily Rate’, If ‘Index 
Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant 
Number, 
and 
the 
bullets 
under 
‘Calculation Method’ should be specified as ‘Not 
Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the bullets 
under ‘Calculation Method’.) 
− Relevant 
Number 
[5]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate 
[[●] 
month 
[LIBOR 
/ 
EURIBOR]/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which 
TARGET2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
– 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
Rate Multiplier: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000]/[2006] 
(ix) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
CMS Reference Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 92 ---
81 
 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– 
Margin Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
EUR CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
– 
USD CMS Floating 
Leg Rate: 
[●] (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[specify other] 
[as per the [2000/2006] ISDA Definitions] 
(xiv) 
Relevant Rates Benchmark: 
[●] 
(xv) 
Other Relevant Rates 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify any applicable Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which is not a Reference Rate. 
Otherwise delete line) 
(xvi) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of 
each Relevant Rates Benchmark) 
(xvii) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[    ] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 93 ---
82 
 
 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
(iv) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable 
for Zero Coupon Notes which 
are Exempt Notes 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/See 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●]

--- Page 94 ---
83 
 
 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/See 
Appendix]/ 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[Not Applicable (If both the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) and the Early Termination Amount 
are the principal amount of the Notes/specify the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes)/specify other/see Appendix] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Global Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Global Note] (If Notes to be held through the 
Relevant Clearing System) 
 
[Individual Note Certificates] (If Notes not to be 
held through the Relevant Clearing System)  
21. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes / No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15(ii), 16(v) and 
18(x) relate) 
23. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable]]  
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
UK 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
24. 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/ The provisions of Condition 21 
apply.] 
25. 
Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: applicable for 
Condition 7(f): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
as 
per 
the 
Conditions]

--- Page 95 ---
84 
 
 
 
[Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[None] [Specify] (specify in respect of each 
Relevant Rates Benchmark)] 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs] / [Early 
Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply] / [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Use of Proceeds 
[●] 
27. 
Other terms and conditions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
JEFFERIES GROUP LLC 
 
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
85 
 
 
Part B 
Other Information 
1. 
LISTING 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market – note this must not be an EEA regulated market] with 
effect from [ ].] 
2. 
BENCHMARKS (Floating Rate Notes) 
 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify benchmark (as this term is 
defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ 
European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/ 
does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
 As far as the issuer is aware, [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/ SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/ the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the 
benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.] 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify benchmark (as this term is 
defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ 
European Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/ 
does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
As far as the issuer is aware, [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/specify 
benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does not fall within the 
scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation / the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ European 
Money Markets Institute/ legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the UK, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[Fitch: [●]]] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the

--- Page 97 ---
86 
 
 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisf ied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests)] 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need f or 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CUSIP 
[[●]/ Not Applicable] 
CINS 
[[●]/ Not Applicable] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Registrar (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper), and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such

--- Page 98 ---
87 
 
 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7.  
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Additional selling restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 99 ---
88 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
References in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the 
person in whose name such Global Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time 
to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall 
have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered owner of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Global Notes 
Whenever a Global Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the 
holder of the Global Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the 
persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount 
of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Note at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in 
particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar 
may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed 
in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for 
final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the holder of the Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Note on the 
due date for payment, 
then the Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above), and the holder of the Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to

--- Page 100 ---
89 
 
 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States and will be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  
Exercise of Put Option 
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders), if applicable in respect of a Series of Notes, the holder of the Global Note must, within 
the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial Exercise of Call Option 
In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), if applicable in respect of a Series of Notes, in relation to some only of the 
Notes or Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions. The rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes of such Series 
will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) and/or other clearing 
system. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes are listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so 
require, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Global Note 
and the Global Note deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices 
to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, notice shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times).

--- Page 101 ---
90 
 
 
Redenomination 
If the Notes are redenominated pursuant to Condition 21 (Redenomination), then following 
redenomination: 
(a) 
if Individual Note Certificates are required to be issued, they shall be issued at the 
expense of the Issuer in such denominations as the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the amount of interest due in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01. 
Record Date  
The Record Date under Condition 10(f) (Record Date) for any Global Note will be the close of 
business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the due date for such payment, 
where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which each clearing system for which the 
Global Note is being held is open for business.   
Payment Business Day  
In the case of a Global Note, if the currency of payment is euro, a “Payment Business Day” shall 
be any day which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not 
euro, a “Payment Business Day” shall be any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
New Safekeeping Structure 
The Issuer intends that the Notes may be held by or on behalf of a nominee for Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. This does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 102 ---
91 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds of any Notes will be used by the Issuer for general business purposes.

--- Page 103 ---
92 
 
 
JEFFERIES GROUP LLC  
 
Information about the Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated on 23 December 1998 (for an indefinite duration) under the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. On 1 March 2013, the Issuer was converted from a 
Delaware corporation into a Delaware limited liability company. 
The Issuer’s Delaware registration number is 2984002.  The Issuer operates under the Limited 
Liability Company Act of the State of Delaware, Title 6, Chapter 18 of the Delaware Code 1953 and 
the Issuer’s Limited Liability Company Agreement dated 1 March 2013 (the “LLC Agreement”).  
The Issuer’s stated purpose is to engage in any activity for which limited liability companies may be 
organised in the State of Delaware, as specified in the paragraph 1.2 of the LLC Agreement. 
Overview 
Jefferies Group LLC and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) operate as a global full service, 
integrated securities and investment banking firm. The Group’s largest operating subsidiary, Jefferies 
LLC, was founded in the United States in 1962 and the Group’s first international operating 
subsidiary, Jefferies International Limited, was established in the UK in 1986.  
On 1 March 2013, Jefferies Group, Inc. converted into a limited liability company (renamed 
Jefferies Group LLC) and became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Leucadia National 
Corporation (“Leucadia”) pursuant to a series of transactions with Leucadia (the “Leucadia 
Transaction”). On 23 May 2018, pursuant to a shareholder resolution, Leucadia formally changed its 
name to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (“Jefferies Financial Group”). Jefferies Group LLC 
continues to operate as a full-service investment banking firm and as the holding company to its 
various regulated and unregulated operating subsidiaries. Richard Handler, the Group’s Chief 
Executive Officer and Chairman, is also the Chief Executive Officer of Jefferies Financial Group, as 
well as a Director of Jefferies Financial Group. Brian Friedman, the Chairman of the Executive 
Committee, is also Jefferies Financial Group’s President and a Director of Jefferies Financial Group. 
Following the Leucadia Transaction, Jefferies Group LLC retains a credit rating separate from 
Jefferies Financial Group and remains an SEC reporting company, filing annual, quarterly and 
periodic financial reports.   
The rights of Jefferies Financial Group as a shareholder of the Issuer are contained in the articles 
of association of the Issuer, and the Issuer is managed in accordance with those articles and with the 
provisions of Delaware law. 
Since 2000, the Group has grown considerably and become increasingly diversified, increasing 
its market share and the breadth and depth of its business. The Group’s growth has been achieved 
through the ongoing addition of talented personnel in targeted areas, as well as the acquisition of 
complementary businesses. 
As of 30 November 2020, Jefferies Group LLC had 3,893 employees in the Americas, Europe 
and Asia. The Group’s global headquarters and executive offices are located at 520 Madison Avenue, 
New York, New York 10022.  The Group also has regional offices in London and Hong Kong. The 
Group’s primary telephone number is + 1 (212) 284-2550 and its internet address is 
www.jefferies.com. No part of this website is incorporated by reference in, or forms part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 104 ---
93 
 
 
Management 
Board of Directors and Other Executive Officers  
Following is a description of certain information concerning the Issuer’s board of directors (the 
“Board”) and other executive officers. 
Linda L. Adamany 
Ms. Adamany has been a director of the Issuer since November 2018. Ms. Adamany chairs the 
Risk and Liquidity Oversight Committee, and serves as a member of the Audit, Nominating and 
Corporate Governance, and ESG/DEI Committees of the Issuer and Jefferies Financial Group. She 
has additional experience serving on the boards of directors and committees of other public 
companies, including an ethics committee and audit committee as chair, as well as previous 
compensation and corporate governance committees experience. Ms. Adamany served in several 
capacities at BP plc from 1980 until her retirement in August 2007, most recently from April 2005 
until August 2007 as a member of the Refining & Marketing Executive Committee responsible for 
overseeing the day-to-day operations and human resources management of BP plc’s Refining and 
Marketing business segment. She also served as Executive Assistant to the Group Chief Executive 
from October 2002 until March 2005, and as Chief Executive of BP Shipping from October 1999 until 
September 2002. Ms. Adamany serves as a director, member of the Environmental, Health, Safety and 
Social Responsibility Committee and Chair of the Audit Committee of Coeur Mining Inc., the largest 
U.S.-based primary silver and gold producer, listed on the NYSE. Ms. Adamany also serves as a 
director of BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A., where she serves as a member of their 
Audit Committee. From October 2017 through April 2019, Ms. Adamany also served as a director 
and member of both the Audit Committee and the Safety, Assurance and Business Ethics Committee 
of Wood, a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and technical services to energy and 
industrial markets, listed on the London Stock Exchange, following its acquisition of AMEC Foster 
Wheeler plc. Prior to that time, from October 2012 until October 2017, Ms. Adamany served as a 
member of the board of directors of AMEC Foster Wheeler plc, and chaired the Health, Safety, 
Environmental and Reputation Committee and served as a member of the Audit, Nominations & 
Governance, and Compensation Committees. Ms. Adamany is a C.P.A. and holds a B.S. in Business 
Administration with a major in Accounting, magna cum laude, from John Carroll University. 
Barry J. Alperin 
Mr. Alperin was appointed as a director of the Issuer in December 2013 and serves on all of its 
committees, including as Chairman of the Issuer’s Corporate Governance and Nominating 
Committee. Mr. Alperin, who is retired, served as Vice Chairman of Hasbro, Inc. from 1990 through 
1995, as Co-Chief Operating Officer of Hasbro from 1989 through 1990 and as Senior Vice President 
or Executive Vice President of Hasbro from 1985 through 1989.  He was a director of Hasbro from 
1985 through 1996. Prior to joining Hasbro, Mr. Alperin practiced law in New York City for 20 years, 
dealing with corporate, public and private financial transactions, corporate mergers and acquisitions, 
compensation issues and securities law matters.  Mr. Alperin has served as a director of Henry Schein, 
Inc. since 1996 and is a director of Weeks Marine, a privately held marine construction corporation. 
He was also a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. from July 2012 through April 2019.  During 
the past few years, Mr. Alperin served on the board of directors of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. and 
K-Sea Transportation Partners L.P.  He serves as a trustee and member of the Executive Committee of 
The Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts, President Emeritus and a Life Trustee of The Jewish 
Museum in New York City and is a past President of the New York Chapter of the American Jewish 
Committee, where he also served as Chairman of the Audit Committee of the national organisation.  
Mr. Alperin formerly served as Chairman of the Board of Advisors of the Tucker Foundation at 
Dartmouth College, was President of the Board of the Stanley Isaacs Neighborhood Center in New 
York City, was a trustee of the Hasbro Children’s Foundation, was President of the Toy Industry 
Association and was a member of the Columbia University Medical School Health Sciences Advisory 
Council. Mr. Alperin received a B.A in Economics, magna cum laude, from Dartmouth College, an

--- Page 105 ---
94 
 
 
M.B.A., with high distinction, from the Amos Tuck School of Business and a J.D., cum laude, from 
the Harvard Law School. 
Robert D. Beyer 
Mr. Beyer has been a director of the Issuer since November 2018 as well as serving on the boards 
of directors and committees of other public and private companies, including audit, compensation and 
corporate governance committees. Mr. Beyer is Chairman of Chaparal Investments LLC, a private 
investment firm and holding company and Executive Chairman of Crescent Acquisition Corp, a 
special-purpose acquisition company (NASDAQ: CRSA). From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Beyer served as 
Chief Executive Officer of The TCW Group, Inc., a global investment management firm. Mr. Beyer 
previously served as President and Chief Investment Officer from 2000 until 2005 of Trust Company 
of the West, the principal operating subsidiary of TCW. He also serves on the boards of the USC 
Dornsife School of Letters, Arts and Sciences, the Harvard-Westlake School and the Milwaukee 
Brewers Baseball Club. Mr. Beyer formerly served as a director of The Kroger Co. (from 1999 to 
2019) and of The Allstate Corporation (from 2006 to 2016), each NYSE listed companies. Mr. Beyer 
was also formerly a director of Société Générale Asset Management, S.A. and The TCW Group, Inc. 
Mr. Beyer received an M.B.A. from the UCLA Anderson School of Management and a B.S. from the 
University of Southern California. 
Francisco L. Borges 
Mr. Borges’ focus is on civic leadership and has experience serving on the boards of directors 
and committees of both public and private companies, including a compensation committee and an 
audit committee, as well as the Issuer since November 2018. Mr. Borges is Chairman of Landmark 
Partners, LLC, an institutional alternative investment firm, specializing in private equity and real 
estate secondary market investments, where he has been employed since 1999. Prior to joining 
Landmark, Mr. Borges served as managing director of Financial Guaranty Insurance Company. Mr. 
Borges was Treasurer of the State of Connecticut, served as Deputy Mayor of the City of Hartford and 
legal counsel for The Travelers Insurance Company. Mr. Borges is Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Assured Guaranty, Ltd., an NYSE listed company, and serves on its Environmental and 
Social Responsibility Committee. Mr. Borges is also on the Boards of Davis Selected Funds, Knight 
Foundation, Connecticut Public Broadcasting Network and Millbrook School. Mr. Borges received a 
B.A. from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut and a J.D. from the University of Connecticut – 
School of Law. 
 
Brian P. Friedman 
Mr. Friedman has been a director and executive officer of the Issuer since July 2005, and has 
been Chairman of the Executive Committee since 2002. Mr. Friedman has served as a director and 
President of Jefferies Financial Group since 1 March 2013. Since 1997, Mr. Friedman has served as 
President of Jefferies Capital Partners (formerly known as FS Private Investments), a private equity 
fund management company now controlled by Mr. Friedman in which the Group has an ownership 
interest, and that is in the process of wind-down of its legacy funds. Mr. Friedman was previously 
employed by Furman Selz LLC and its successors, including serving as Head of Investment Banking 
and a member of its Management and Operating Committees. Prior to his 17 years with Furman Selz 
and its successors, Mr. Friedman was an attorney with the New York City law firm of Wachtell, 
Lipton, Rosen & Katz. As a result of his management of various private equity funds and the 
significant equity positions those funds hold in their portfolio companies, Mr. Friedman serves on 
several boards of directors of private portfolio companies, and since May 2012 has served on the 
board of directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., a public company that owns and operates two 
restaurant chains. Mr. Friedman also served as a board member of HomeFed Corporation, a publicly-
listed real estate development company, from 2014 to July 2019. He is engaged in a range of 
philanthropic efforts and serves as the Chairman of the Board of Strive International, a workforce 
training effort, and is Non-Executive Vice President of the HC Leukemia Foundation. Mr. Friedman 
also serves as the Co-Chair of the Global Diversity Council at the Group. Mr. Friedman received a

--- Page 106 ---
95 
 
 
J.D. from Columbia Law School and a B.S. in Economics and M.S. in Accounting from The Wharton 
School, University of Pennsylvania. 
MaryAnne Gilmartin 
Ms. Gilmartin was appointed as a director of the Issuer in March 2015 and serves on all of its 
committees. Ms. Gilmartin is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of MAG Partner LP, a New 
York-based real estate development company she founded in 2020. Prior to founding MAG Partners, 
Ms. Gilmartin was Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of L&L MAG, a New York-based real 
estate development firm. After a successful two-year partnership with L&L MAG, Ms. Gilmartin 
launched MAG Partners. The company is currently developing a 480-unit residential building in 
Chelsea, designed by acclaimed architect COOKFOX. Previously, Ms. Gilmartin was the Chief 
Executive Officer and President of Forest City Ratner Companies, LLC, a subsidiary of Forest City 
Realty Trust, Inc. (formerly, Forest City Enterprises, Inc.) from April 17, 2013 until January 2018. 
Ms. Gilmartin served as an Executive Vice President of Commercial Development and Leasing of 
Forest City Ratner Companies, LLC until April 17, 2013 and co-managed the Commercial 
Development division. Ms. Gilmartin has been point person in the development of some of the most 
high profile real estate projects in New York City. She led the efforts to build Barclays Center, the 
state-of-the-art sports and entertainment venue and the centerpiece of the U.S.$4.9 billion, 22-acre 
mixed-use Atlantic Yards development in Brooklyn. Ms. Gilmartin oversaw the development of The 
New York Times Building, designed by world renowned architect Renzo Piano; the New York by 
Gehry, the tallest residential building in the Western Hemisphere, designed by award winning 
architect Frank Gehry; and the Tata Innovation Center at Cornell Tech. In addition to these projects, 
Ms. Gilmartin directed the leasing of Forest City Ratner’s five million square foot commercial 
portfolio at MetroTech Center in Brooklyn, New York.  
Ms. Gilmartin began her real estate development career as a New York City Urban Fellow in 
1986 at the Public Development Corporation. Ms. Gilmartin served for over seven years on the New 
York City Ballet Advisory Board. Currently, Ms. Gilmartin serves as interim Chief Executive Officer 
and chair of the Board of Directors of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, a publicly traded real estate 
investment trust, and has served as a board director for the company since June 2019. Ms. Gilmartin 
also serves as a member of the Executive Committee of the Brooklyn Academy of Music; a member 
of the Executive Committee and Board of Governors of the Real Estate Board of New York; Chair 
Emeritus of the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership; a member of the New York Public Radio Board of 
Trustees; and as a member of the Industry Advisory Board of the MS Real Estate Development 
Program at Columbia University. Ms. Gilmartin graduated with a B.A. in Political Science, summa 
cum laude, and a Master of Public Administration, both from Fordham University. 
Richard B. Handler 
Mr. Handler has been Chairman of the Issuer since February 2002, and Chief Executive Officer 
since January 2001. Mr. Handler has also served as Chief Executive Officer of Jefferies LLC, 
Jefferies’ principal operating subsidiary, since January 2001 and as President of the Issuer since May 
2006. Mr. Handler was first elected to the Board in May 1998. Mr. Handler has served as a director 
and as Chief Executive Officer of Jefferies Financial Group since 1 March 2013. Prior to joining the 
Issuer, Mr. Handler worked at Drexel Burnham Lambert in the High Yield Bond Department. He was 
Managing Director of High Yield Capital Markets at the Group from May 1993 until February 2000, 
after co-founding that group as an Executive Vice President in April 1990. Mr. Handler is Co-
Chairman and President of Landcadia Holdings III, Inc., a publicly listed special purpose acquisition 
company sponsored by the Issuer and Fertitta Entertainment, Inc, and he previously served as Co-
Chairman and President of Landcadia Holdings, Inc., from 2016 to 2018, and Co-Chairman and 
President of Landcadia Holdings II, Inc., from 2019 to 2020. He is Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of the Handler Family Foundation, a non-profit foundation working primarily with 
underprivileged youth. Mr. Handler also serves as the Chairman of the Global Diversity Council at the 
Issuer. Mr. Handler received an MBA from Stanford University in 1987 and a B.A. in Economics

--- Page 107 ---
96 
 
 
(magna cum laude, High Distinction) from the University of Rochester in 1983 where he also serves 
as Chairman of the Board of Trustees. 
Jacob M. Katz 
Mr. Katz was appointed a director of the Issuer on 26 November 2018 and serves as the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee. He has been a director of Jefferies Group since September 2016 
and a director of Jefferies International Ltd. since November 2017. Mr. Katz was the national 
managing partner and global leader of financial services at Grant Thornton LLP from 2013 until his 
retirement in July 2016. Mr. Katz was employed by Grant Thornton for nearly 40 years, during which 
time he led Grant Thornton’s financial services practice for approximately 20 years. He held various 
other leadership roles at Grant Thornton, including as the Northeast region managing partner from 
2010 to 2013, as the New York office managing partner from 2003 to 2013 and as a member of the 
firm’s partnership board from 1999 to 2012, holding the title of chairman of the board for much of 
that time. He currently serves on the board of Herc Holdings Inc., a New York Stock Exchange listed 
company. He is an advisor to private companies and has served on the boards of various not for profit 
organisations. Mr. Katz is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Mr. Katz 
also served for a number of years on the Global Public Policy Committee (GPPC) - Bank Working 
Group, the global forum of representatives from the six largest international accounting networks. Mr. 
Katz is a C.P.A. and received an M.B.A. in taxation from the City University of New York and a B.A. 
in accounting from Brooklyn College. 
Michael T. O’Kane 
Mr. O’Kane has been a director of the Issuer from January 2006 through April 2014 and Jefferies 
Financial Group since November 2018, and his managerial and investing experience in the financial 
sector, particularly in the area of asset management, brings oversight to the Issuer’s merchant and 
financial services businesses. He has additional experience serving on the boards of directors and 
committees of both public and private companies. From 1986 to 2004, Mr. O’Kane served in various 
capacities for TIAA, first as a Managing Director – Private Placements from 1986 to 1990, then as 
Managing Director – Structured Finance from 1990 to 1996 and finally as Senior Managing Director 
– Securities Division from 1996 to 2004, when he was responsible for approximately $120 billion of 
fixed income and $3.5 billion of private equity assets under management. Since August 2005, Mr. 
O’Kane has also served on the Board of Directors of Assured Guaranty, is currently serving on its 
Audit Committee, is Chair of its Finance Committee and was previously a member of its Risk 
Oversight Committee. In addition, Mr. O’Kane served on the Board of Trustees of Scholarship 
America, a non-profit company engaged in providing scholarships for young students to attend 
college, from 2001 to 2006. Mr. O’Kane was also the Chief Financial Officer of Motor Coils 
Manufacturing Company during 1984 and 1985. Mr. O’Kane received an M.B.A. in Finance from 
Rutgers Graduate School of Business and an A.B. in Economics from Lafayette College. 
 
Joseph S. Steinberg 
Mr. Steinberg has been a director of the Issuer since April 2008 and has experience with its other 
portfolio companies and investments, as well as on the boards of directors and committees of both 
public and private companies. He has served as a director of Jefferies Financial Group since 
December 1978, its Chairman since March 2013, and was Jefferies Financial Group’s President from 
January 1979 until 1 March 2013. Previously, Mr. Steinberg served as the Issuer’s representative as a 
board member overseeing its investments in HRG Group, Inc. from 2014 to 2018, HomeFed 
Corporation and Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. through 2019, and as a director of Fidelity & 
Guaranty Life from 2015 to 2017. Mr. Steinberg serves on the Board of Directors of Crimson Wine 
Group, Ltd., Jefferies Financial Group’s former winery operations, as well as Pershing Square Tontine 
Holdings, Ltd., a special-purpose acquisition company. Mr. Steinberg received an M.B.A. from 
Harvard Business School and an A.B. in Government from New York University.

--- Page 108 ---
97 
 
 
Matrice Ellis Kirk 
Ms. Ellis Kirk was appointed a director of the Issuer on 1 July 2021. Ms. Ellis Kirk is the CEO of 
Ellis Kirk Group, a full-service executive search firm, focusing on governance, succession and 
leadership team development.  She was a Managing Director and a member of the Executive 
Committee at RSR Partners executive search firm from 2014 to 2021. Previously, she was with the 
international executive search firm, Heidrick & Struggles, from 1999 to 2014. From 1996 to 1999, 
Ms. Ellis Kirk was a director of Spencer Stuart, an executive search firm. Prior to her career in 
executive recruiting, Ms. Ellis Kirk was a Vice President of Apex Securities, an investment banking 
firm, from 1992 to 1996. From 1986 to 1992, she was Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget for Dallas Area Rapid Transit, a regional transit agency and, prior to that, from 1982 to 1986 
she held several positions with MBank Dallas, the predecessor of the Dallas office of JPMorgan 
Chase Bank.  Ms. Ellis Kirk served as a director of ACE Cash Express from December 2005 until 
October 2006 when ACE Cash Express was acquired by JLL Partners. Ms. Ellis Kirk also served as a 
director of Chancellor Media, which later became AMFM, Inc., from 1996 until October 1999 when it 
was acquired by Clear Channel. Ms. Ellis Kirk graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a 
degree in Economics. Ms. Ellis Kirk is the Chair Emeritus of the AT&T Performing Arts Center and 
is a Dallas City Council appointed board Chair of the DFW Airport Authority. 
 
Melissa Weiler 
 
Ms. Weiler was appointed a director of the Issuer on 1 July 2021. Ms. Weiler was a Managing 
Director and a member of the Management Committee of Crescent Capital Group, a Los Angeles-
based asset management firm (“Crescent”), where she served from January 2011 until she retired in 
December 2020. During that time, Ms. Weiler oversaw Crescent’s CLO management business from 
July 2017 through December 2020 and managed several multi-strategy credit funds from January 
2011 through June 2017. From October 1995 to December 2010, Ms. Weiler was a Managing 
Director at Trust Company of the West, a Los Angeles-based asset management firm (“TCW”), where 
she managed several multi-strategy credit funds from July 2006 to December 2010 and served as lead 
portfolio manager for TCW’s high-yield bond strategy from October 1995 to June 2006. Ms. Weiler 
serves as a Class II director of the Board of Owl Rock Capital Corporation (NYSE: ORCC), and 
concurrently serves on the boards of several Owl Rock funds. Owl Rock Capital Corporation is a 
specialty finance company focused on providing direct lending solutions to middle market companies. 
Ms. Weiler is also a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Audit Committees for 
certain Owl Rock boards as well as a member of the Compensation Committee for ORCC. Ms. Weiler 
holds a degree in Finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Weiler is a 
member of the Cedars-Sinai Board of Governors and is actively involved in 100 Women in Finance. 
 
Business Address 
The business address of each member of the Board and each executive officer is 520 Madison 
Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 
Conflicts 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the 
duties to the Issuer of the members of the Board, as listed above, and their private interests and/or 
other duties. 
Additional Information  
Additional information on the Issuer and the Group is included in the Issuer’s annual report on 
Form 10-K for the year ended 30 November 2019 and the Issuer’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for 
the period ended 29 February 2020, both incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
98 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The following table presents information regarding APMs included in the Issuer’s 
quarterly report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on 8 April 2021: 
Document 
APM 
Page 
Number 
Definition, 
components and 
basis of calculation 
Reconciliation 
Use 
Quarterly Report on 
Form 
10-Q 
filed 
with the SEC on 8 
April 2021 
Tangible 
gross 
leverage ratio 
Page 72 
The 
definition, 
components 
and 
basis of calculation 
are set out on page 
72. 
A reconciliation to 
the leverage ratio, 
being total assets 
divided 
by 
total 
equity, is set out on 
page 72. 
The tangible gross leverage ratio 
is used by rating agencies in 
assessing the Issuer’s leverage 
ratio.

--- Page 110 ---
99 
 
 
UNITED STATES TAXATION   
General 
The following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal tax consequences that may be 
relevant with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. This summary addresses 
only the U.S. federal tax considerations of holders that are Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) that 
acquire Notes at their original issuance at their issue price (generally, the first price to the public at 
which a substantial amount of Notes is sold for money to persons other than bondhouses, brokers, or 
similar persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or 
wholesalers) and hold the Notes as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) within 
the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).  
This discussion is a summary for general information only and, except as specifically noted below, 
does not purport to address all U.S. federal tax matters that may be relevant to the purchase, 
ownership, and disposition of any Notes to a particular Noteholder in light of its circumstances or to 
holders subject to special tax rules including, without limitation: (i) financial institutions; 
(ii) insurance companies; (iii) dealers or traders in stocks, securities, or currencies or notional 
principal contracts or other Non-U.S. Holders that generally mark their securities to market for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes; (iv) regulated investment companies; (v) real estate investment trusts; 
(vi) tax-exempt organizations; (vii) partnerships, pass-through entities, or persons that hold Notes 
through pass-through entities; (viii) holders that hold Notes as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, 
constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ix) persons 
subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to the 
Notes being taken into account in an applicable financial statement; (x) U.S. expatriates and former 
long-term residents of the United States, (xi) persons that actually or constructively own ten percent 
or more (by vote or value) of Jefferies Financial Group Inc.’s stock; (xii) passive foreign investment 
companies; and (xiii) controlled foreign corporations, each of whom may be subject to tax rules that 
differ significantly from those summarized below. This discussion also does not address U.S. federal 
tax considerations other than income tax considerations (e.g., estate or gift tax considerations), 
alternative minimum tax considerations, the Medicare contribution tax on investment income or non-
U.S., state or local tax considerations. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are urged to consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning 
Notes in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Moreover this summary does not address the United States federal income tax consequences of 
perpetual Notes and other Notes treated as equity for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, Notes with 
contingent payments or the potential implication of the United States tax shelter disclosure, 
registration and list maintenance regulations with respect to a particular Series of Notes, the United 
States federal income tax consequences of which will be set forth, if required, in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury Regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect and available on the date hereof. All of the foregoing 
are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the tax consequences 
described below. 
No opinion of counsel or United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) ruling has been or will 
be sought regarding any matter discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the IRS would 
not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of those set forth below. The 
United States federal income tax consequences applicable to any Tranche of the Notes will depend 
upon the final terms or pricing supplement (as applicable) of such Notes, which may affect the 
consequences described below. 
A “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is not a U.S. Person. As used here, the 
term “U.S. Person” means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
(i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organised in or

--- Page 111 ---
100 
 
 
under the laws of the United States or any political sub-division thereof or therein (including the 
District of Columbia), (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income 
taxation regardless of its source, and (iv) a trust, if (a) a court within the United States is able to 
exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the 
Code) have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) the trust has made a 
valid election under U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
If a partnership holds Notes, the United States federal income tax treatment of a partner will 
generally depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a 
partnership holding the Notes should consult its tax advisor with regard to the United States federal 
income tax treatment of its investment in the Notes. 
Classification of the Notes 
For United States federal income tax purposes, the Notes will be treated as issued by Jefferies 
Financial Group Inc. (through Jefferies Group LLC, a disregarded entity for United States federal 
income tax purposes). 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of the Notes 
Under current United States federal income tax law, subject to the discussion below under the 
headings “—Information Reporting and Backup Withholding” and “—Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act”, payment of interest on a Note by the Issuer or any Paying Agent to a Non-U.S. 
Holder should not be subject to withholding of United States federal income tax, provided that 
(1) such Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. entitled to vote or 10 
per cent. or more of the profits or capital interests of the Issuer, (2) such Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a 
controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related to Jefferies 
Financial Group Inc. or the Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to 
a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest 
payments are not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of such Non-U.S. 
Holder within the United States (and, if an applicable treaty so requires, are not attributable to a 
permanent establishment in the United States maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder), (4) such interest 
is not contingent on the Issuer’s (or related party’s) profits, revenues or changes in the value of its 
property and is not otherwise excluded from the definition of “portfolio interest” by Section 871(h)(4) 
of the Code, and (5) such Non-U.S. Holder provides a statement on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form 
W-8BEN-E signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a Non-U.S. Holder in compliance 
with applicable requirements (or satisfies certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing 
that it is a Non-U.S. Holder). If the requirements set forth above are not satisfied with respect to a 
Non-U.S. Holder, amounts treated as payments of interest generally will be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax at a rate of 30%, unless another exemption is applicable. 
Further, a Note should not be subject to United States federal estate tax as a result of the death of 
a holder who is not a citizen or resident of the United States at the time of death, provided that (i) such 
holder did not at the time of death actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Jefferies Financial Group Inc. or 10 per cent. or 
more of the profits or capital interests of the Issuer, and (ii) at the time of such holder’s death, 
payments of interest on such Note would not have been effectively connected with the conduct by 
such holder of a trade or business in the United States. 
Additionally, subject to the discussion below under the headings “—Information Reporting and 
Backup Withholding”, a holder of a Note that is a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to United 
States federal tax on gain realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note unless (1) the 
gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of such Non-U.S. Holder within 
the United States (and, if an applicable treaty so requires, is attributable to a permanent establishment 
in the United States maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder), or (2) such Non-U.S. Holder is an 
individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain

--- Page 112 ---
101 
 
 
other requirements are met. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any portion of the 
amount realized by a Non-U.S. Holder on a sale, exchange or redemption of a Note is attributable to 
accrued but unpaid interest, such portion shall be treated as a payment of interest as described above. 
Non-U.S. Holders engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if 
an applicable treaty so requires, that maintain a permanent establishment within the United States) 
will not be subject to withholding United States federal income tax provided such Non-US Holder 
furnishes a properly completed IRS Form W-8ECI. They will be subject to United States federal 
income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as if such Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Person 
on any payments on a Note or any gain recognised on the sale, exchange, retirement, or other 
disposition of a Note to the extent such payments or gain are effectively connected with such trade or 
business (and, if an applicable treaty so requires, are attributable to such permanent establishment). In 
addition, a Non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation engaged in a trade or business in the United 
States may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate, if 
applicable) on its earnings and profits that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or 
business within the United States. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
A Non-U.S. Holder may be required to comply with certain certification procedures to establish 
that the holder is not a U.S. person in order to avoid backup withholding tax with respect to the 
Issuer’s payment of interest on, or the proceeds of a sale or other disposition of, a Note. Any amounts 
withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against that Non-
U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished 
to the IRS. In certain circumstances, the name and address of such Non-U.S. Holder and the amount 
of interest paid on a Note, as well as the amount, if any, of tax withheld, may be reported to the IRS. 
Copies of these information returns may also be made available under the provisions of a specific 
treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, commonly known as the Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), a 30 per cent. withholding tax (“FATCA withholding”) may be 
imposed on certain payments (including payments of U.S.-source interest) to Non-U.S. Holders or to 
certain foreign financial institutions, investment funds and other Non-United States Persons receiving 
payments on such Non-U.S. Holder’s behalf if the Non-U.S. Holder or such persons fail to comply 
with certain information reporting and certification requirements. In general, certification of 
qualification for an exemption from withholding pursuant to FATCA is made on IRS Form W-8BEN-
E. Payments of interest that a Non-U.S. Holder receives in respect of its Note could also be affected 
by this withholding if such Non-U.S. Holder is subject to the FATCA information reporting 
requirements and fail to comply with them or if such Non-U.S. Holder holds such Note through a 
Non-United States Person (e.g., a foreign bank or broker) that fails to comply with these requirements 
(even if payments to such Non-U.S. Holder would not otherwise have been subject to FATCA 
withholding). Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. law 
and other official guidance on FATCA withholding. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest or 
other payments on the Notes as a result of a Non-U.S. Holder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none 
of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would pursuant to the conditions of the Notes be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. Each 
prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the potential application of FATCA 
and related tax or information reporting requirements associated with an investment in the Notes. 
THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX DISCUSSION SET FORTH ABOVE IS INCLUDED FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE DEPENDING UPON 
A HOLDER’S PARTICULAR SITUATION. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN

--- Page 113 ---
102 
 
 
TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE 
ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS 
AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS.

--- Page 114 ---
103 
 
 
CERTAIN EUROPEAN UNION TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
Proposed Financial Transaction Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common Financial 
Transaction Tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 115 ---
104 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to Jefferies LLC, Jefferies International 
Limited and any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes (the “Dealers”).  The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 14 July 2021 (as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Dealers.   
Any agreement for the issue and subscription of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the 
form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased 
by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such purchase.  The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Notes of 
the same Series may be subscribed to at different times and at different prices. Notes may be resold at 
prices to be agreed with the relevant Dealers. There can be no assurance that the Notes will be resold 
or that there will be a secondary market for them. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to 
time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to 
time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. In 
addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, 
commercial banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Jefferies LLC and Jefferies International Limited are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer.  
General 
Other than with respect to the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the admission to trading of any Notes on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or such stock exchange as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, no action has been or will 
be taken by the Issuer or any Dealer in any jurisdiction that would, or is intended to, permit a public 
offering of any Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose 
hands the Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or have in their possession, distribute or publish the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to any Notes, in all cases at their own expense.  
Each Dealer will obtain any consent, approval or permission which is, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in or from which it makes any 
such purchase, offer, sale or delivery. Each Dealer will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
comply with all such laws and regulations.  
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or any of the Dealers has represented that Notes may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplements constitute, nor may be used for or in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the

--- Page 116 ---
105 
 
 
offering and sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Dealers and the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a 
particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this document. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
(other than a distributor) except in certain transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.   
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell 
or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (other than a distributor) and that it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons substantially to the following effect: 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered and sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
closing of the offering, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.”  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
If Further Notes (as defined in Condition 18 (Further Issues)) are issued during the distribution 
compliance period pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues) and it is intended that such Further 
Notes shall be fungible and form a single series with the original Notes from their Issue Date, then the 
distribution compliance period shall be extended for a further 40 days beginning on the later of the 
commencement of the offering of the Further Notes and the Closing Date within the United States. 
Terms used in the paragraphs above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 117 ---
106 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; and  
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer represents, 
warrants and agrees that it has not made and will not make an offer of any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus to the public in that Relevant State, except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer; 
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of any Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and any Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 118 ---
107 
 
 
(a)  the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of UK MiFIR; and  
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus to the public in 
the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the 
FCA, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the FCA in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;  
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; 
or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is

--- Page 119 ---
108 
 
 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that) it has not offered, sold, placed or 
underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation, 2017 (as amended, 
the “MiFiD II Regulations”), including Regulation 5 (Requirement for Authorisation 
(and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct 
made under the MiFiD II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Irish Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2019 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of 
the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any 
rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; 
and 
(d) the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central 
Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the 
Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France 
only to (a) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of 
third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte 
de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account, and/or 
(c) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs) acting for their own account, as 
defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy 
The Dealers have not offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, and will not offer, sell 
or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Note in the Republic of Italy except:

--- Page 120 ---
109 
 
 
(i) 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to 
qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 26, 
paragraph 1(d) of the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) as implemented by Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of 
CONSOB regulation No. 20307 of 15 February, 2018, as amended 
(“Regulation No. 20307”), pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter 
b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended 
(“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 4, of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 
100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998, as amended (the 
“Italian Financial Act”) and its implementing CONSOB regulations 
including Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: (i)  made by investment firms, 
banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 as amended and any other applicable laws or 
regulation; and (ii) made in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong.   
No person may offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than 
(i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571), Laws of 
Hong Kong and any rules made thereunder; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
Base Prospectus being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32), Laws of Hong Kong.   
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in 
Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are 
or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and 
any rules made thereunder.

--- Page 121 ---
110 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed 
on 19 September 2011, 2 July 2019 and 17 April 2020.   
2. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is NY9Q8VBNB6D1L6YV0J84. 
3. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. A Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement relating thereto. If the Notes are to be cleared through 
an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
4. 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official list and trading on its regulated market.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme that will be listed and admitted to 
trading on such other or further EEA Regulated Market(s) as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree.  The relevant Final Terms in respect of any such Series will specify 
whether or not the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or whether 
the relevant Notes will be admitted to trading on any other EEA Regulated Market and, if so, 
on which markets and/or stock exchanges.  Notes may also be issued pursuant to the 
Programme that will not be admitted to trading on any market, stock exchange or quotation 
system or that will only be admitted to trading on markets, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems that are not EEA Regulated Markets. The relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of 
any such Series of Exempt Notes will specify whether or not the relevant Exempt Notes will 
be admitted to trading on any non-EEA Regulated Market and, if so, on which markets, stock 
exchanges, and/or quotation systems. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
5. 
Significant Change and Material Adverse Change 
Except as disclosed in ‘Risk Factors - The effects of the outbreak and global spread of the 
novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) have negatively affected the global economy, the United 
States economy and the global financial markets, and may disrupt the Issuer’s operations and 
its clients’ operations, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations’, since 31 May 2021 there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance or financial position of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Except as disclosed in ‘Risk Factors - The effects of the outbreak and global spread of the 
novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) have negatively affected the global economy, the United 
States economy and the global financial markets, and may disrupt the Issuer’s operations and

--- Page 122 ---
111 
 
 
its clients’ operations, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations’ and in relation to the Issuer’s financing or trading position as at and 
for the six months ended 31 May 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 November 2020. 
6. 
Litigation 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have not been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which 
may have, or have had in such period, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
7. 
Available Information 
For the life of the Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent in London, 
13th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom: 
(a) 
the Bylaws of the Issuer, as amended and restated; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
copies of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated herein (including the 
financial statements incorporated by reference herein), any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplements, however, a Pricing Supplement relating to an Exempt Note will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Exempt Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of such Exempt 
Notes and identity. 
Electronic copies of the Bylaws of the Issuer, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, 
the Dealer Agreement and the Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference 
herein) will be available at www.jefferies.com.  
8. 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
The consolidated statements of financial condition as of 30 November 2020 and 2019 and the 
related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and 
cash flows for the years ended 30 November 2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with 
GAAP, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been audited by 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the 
Issuer within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the SEC and the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), as stated in their report, which 
is also incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Deloitte & Touche LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants and is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States).  Deloitte & Touche LLP has its principal business office at 30 Rockefeller Plaza New 
York, NY 10112.

--- Page 123 ---
THE ISSUER 
 
Jefferies Group LLC 
520 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10022  
United States 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
Jefferies International Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4JL 
England 
Jefferies LLC 
520 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
United States 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Frankfurther Welle 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TRANSFER AGENT 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Citibank Europe Plc Ireland 
1 North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISER 
 
To the Issuer as to English law  
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
England 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM TO THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
30 Rockerfeller Plaza 
New York, NY 10112 
United States